<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230921_10-K_edgar_data_1578348_0000950170-23-049175.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24456399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>501644</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2658078</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10806508</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2828108</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7112009</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-049175.hdr.sgml : 20230921
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230921160706
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-049175
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230921
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230921

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001578348
		IRS NUMBER:				462883380
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01054
		FILM NUMBER:		231269197

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-388-5813

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		280 PARK AVENUE
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CM Finance Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130531

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-049175.txt : 20230921

10-K
 1
 icmb-20230630.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State of Incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of accelerated filer, large accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in 
 the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation 
 received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately million based upon the last sale price for the Registrant s common stock on that date. 
 There were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of September 15, 2023. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

INVESTCORP CREDIT MANAGEMENT BDC, INC. 
 FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR 
 ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 27 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 55 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 55 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 55 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 55 

PART II 
 56 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 56 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 58 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 59 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 74 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 76 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 114 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 114 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 114 

PART III 
 115 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 115 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 115 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 115 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 115 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 115 

PART IV 
 116 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 116 

SIGNATURES 
 119 

i 

PAR T I 
 Item 1. 	 Busi ness 
 Our Company 
 Except as otherwise indicated, the terms we, us, our, Investcorp Credit and the Company refer to Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. (formerly known as CM Finance Inc through August 30, 2019) and CM Investment Partners and the Adviser refer to our investment adviser and administrator, CM Investment Partners LLC. 
 We were formed in February 2012 and commenced operations in March 2012 as CM Finance LLC, a Maryland limited liability company. Immediately prior to the pricing of our initial public offering, CM Finance LLC was merged with and into CM Finance Inc, a Maryland corporation (the Merger ). On August 30, 2019, we changed our name to Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. We are an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), and that has elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 We are a specialty finance company that invests primarily in the debt of U.S. middle-market companies, which we generally define as those companies that have an enterprise value, which represents the aggregate of debt value and equity value of the entity, of less than 750 million. We are externally managed by CM Investment Partners. The Adviser is led by Michael C. Mauer and Suhail A. Shaikh, who together have over 40 years of experience in the leveraged debt markets. Our primary investment objective is to maximize total return to stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing in debt and related equity of privately held middle-market companies. 
 We seek to invest primarily in middle-market companies that have annual revenues of at least 50 million and EBITDA of at least 15 million. We focus on companies with leading market positions, significant asset or franchise values, strong free cash flow and experienced senior management teams, with emphasis on companies with high-quality sponsors. Our investments typically range in size from 5 million to 25 million. We expect that our portfolio companies will use our capital for organic growth, acquisitions, market or product expansion, refinancings, and/or recapitalizations. We invest, and intend to continue to invest, in standalone first and second lien loans and unitranche loans, with an emphasis on floating rate debt. Unitranche loans are loans structured as first lien loans with certain characteristics of mezzanine loan risk in one security. We also selectively invest in unsecured debt, bonds and in the equity of portfolio companies through warrants and other instruments, in most cases taking such upside participation interests as part of a broader investment relationship. 
 We strive to maintain a strong focus on credit quality, investment discipline and investment selectivity. We believe that investing in the debt of private middle-market companies generally provides a more attractive relative value proposition than investing in broadly syndicated debt due to the conservative capital structures and superior default and loss characteristics typically associated with middle-market companies. We believe that, because private middle-market companies have limited access to capital providers, debt investments in these companies typically carry above-market interest rates and include more favorable protections, resulting in attractive risk-adjusted returns across credit cycles while better preserving capital. The companies in which we invest typically are highly leveraged, and, in most cases, our investments in such companies are not rated by national rating agencies. If such investments were rated, we believe that they would likely receive a rating that is often referred to as junk. 
 We previously, through CM Finance SPV Ltd. CM SPV ), our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a 102.0 million term secured financing facility (the Term Financing ), due December 5, 2021 with UBS AG, London Branch (together with its affiliates UBS ). The Term Financing was collateralized by a portion of the debt investments in our portfolio. On June 21, 2019, we amended the Term Financing to increase the Term Financing by 20.0 million from 102.0 million to 122.0 million. We subsequently repaid 20.0 million of the Term Financing on April 15, 2020. Borrowings under the Term Financing, as amended, bore interest with respect to the 102.0 million (i) at a rate per annum equal to one-month LIBOR plus 3.55 from December 5, 2019 through December 4, 2020, and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to one-month LIBOR plus 3.15 from December 5, 2020 through December 4, 2021. On November 19, 2021, the Company repaid the Term Financing in full in accordance with the terms of the Term Financing and the agreement was terminated. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Term Financing, respectively. 
 On November 20, 2017, as subsequently amended, we entered into a 50 million revolving financing facility with UBS, which was subsequently amended on June 21, 2019 to reduce the size to 30.0 million and extend the maturity date (as amended, the Revolving Financing ). On September 30, 2020, we amended the Revolving Financing to reduce the size of the Revolving Financing to 20.0 million and extend the maturity date to December 5, 2021. We paid a fee on any undrawn amounts of 0.75 per annum. On November 19, 2021, we satisfied all obligations under the Revolving Financing and the agreement was terminated. 
 1 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Financing. 
 On August 23, 2021, we, through Investcorp Credit Management BDC SPV, LLC SPV LLC ), our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a five-year, 115 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Capital One Revolving Financing with Capital One, N.A. Capital One ), which is secured by collateral consisting primarily of loans in the Company s investment portfolio. On June 14, 2023, we amended the Capital One Revolving Financing to decrease the facility size from 115 million to 100 million. The Capital One Revolving Financing, which will expire on August 22, 2026 (the Maturity Date ), features a three-year reinvestment period and a two-year amortization period. 
 Effective November 18, 2022, borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing generally bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 2.50 . The default interest rate will be equal to the interest rate then in effect plus 2.00 . The Capital One Revolving Financing required the payment of an upfront fee of 1.125 1.3 million) of the available borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing at the closing, and requires the payment of an unused fee of (i) 0.75 annually for any undrawn amounts below 50 of the Capital One Revolving Financing, (ii) 0.50 annually for any undrawn amounts between 50 and 75 of the Capital One Revolving Financing, and (iii) 0.25 annually for any undrawn amounts above 75 of the Capital One Revolving Financing. Borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing are based on a borrowing base. The Capital One Revolving Financing generally requires payment of interest and fees on a quarterly basis. All outstanding principal is due on the Maturity Date. The Capital One Revolving Financing also requires mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain events. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were 71.9 million and 84.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the Capital One Revolving Financing, respectively. 
 Portfolio Composition 
 As of June 30, 2023, our portfolio consisted of debt and equity investments in 36 portfolio companies with a fair value of 220.1 million. As of June 30, 2023, our portfolio at fair value consisted of 89.21 first lien investments and 10.79 equity, warrant or other positions. At June 30, 2023, the weighted average total yield of debt and income producing securities at amortized cost (which includes income and amortization of fees and discounts) was 12.46 . At June 30, 2023, our weighted average total yield on investments at amortized cost (which includes interest income and amortization of fees and discounts) was 11.32 . The weighted average total yield was computed using an internal rate of return calculation of our debt investments based on contractual cash flows, including interest and amortization payments, and, for floating rate investments, the spot London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), SOFR, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate as of June 30, 2023 of all of our debt investments. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . The weighted average total yield of our debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before payment of all of our fees and expenses, including any sales load paid in connection with an offering of our securities. There can be no assurance that the weighted average total yield will remain at its current level. 
 2 

The industry composition of our portfolio at fair value at June 30, 2023 was as follows: 

Percentage of Total Portfolio at June 30, 2023 

Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 15.98 

Professional Services 
 
 12.83 

IT Services 
 
 10.71 

Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 6.51 

Software 
 
 6.26 

Containers Packaging 
 
 5.89 

Machinery 
 
 4.36 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 
 
 4.08 

Entertainment 
 
 3.47 

Household Durables 
 
 3.46 

Chemicals 
 
 3.44 

Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 3.30 

Automobile Components 
 
 3.30 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 
 2.85 

Consumer Staples Distribution Retail 
 
 2.75 

Specialty Retail 
 
 2.34 

Building Products 
 
 2.05 

Food Products 
 
 1.95 

Automotive Retail 
 
 1.76 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 
 
 1.48 

Energy Equipment Services 
 
 1.23 

100.00 

The Adviser and Administrator CM Investment Partners LLC 
 CM Investment Partners, our external investment adviser, was formed in July 2013 and is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Advisers Act ). The Adviser is responsible for sourcing investment opportunities, conducting industry research, performing diligence on potential investments, structuring our investments and monitoring our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Adviser is led by its Co-Chief Investment Officers, Michael C. Mauer and Suhail A. Shaikh. Mr. Mauer also serves as the Chairman of our board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer, and Mr. Shaikh also serves as our President and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Mauer was formerly Global Co-Head of Leveraged Finance and Global Co-Head of Fixed Income Currency and Commodity Distribution at Citigroup Inc. and a senior member of its credit committee responsible for all underwriting and principal commitments of leveraged finance capital worldwide. Mr. Shaikh has served as President of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. since 2023 and as Co-Chief Investment Officer of CM Investment Partners since 2023. 
 On August 30, 2019, Investcorp Credit Management US LLC Investcorp acquired an approximate 76 ownership interest in the Adviser through the acquisition of the interests held by Stifel Venture Corp. Stifel and certain funds managed Cyrus Capital Partners, L.P. (the Cyrus Funds and through a direct purchase of equity from the Adviser (the Investcorp Transaction ). Investcorp is a leading global credit investment platform with assets under management of 22.7 billion as of June 30, 2023. Investcorp manages funds that invest primarily in senior secured corporate debt issued by mid and large-cap corporations in Western Europe and the United States. The Investcorp business has a strong track record of consistent performance and growth, employing approximately 36 investment professionals in London and New York. Investcorp is a subsidiary of Investcorp Holdings B.S.C. Investcorp Holdings ). Investcorp Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Investcorp, are referred to as Investcorp Group . Investcorp Group is a global provider and manager of alternative investments, offering such investments to its high-net-worth private and institutional clients on a global basis. As of June 30, 2023, Investcorp Group had 48.0 billion in total assets under management, including assets managed by third party managers and assets subject to a non-discretionary advisory mandate where Investcorp Group receives fees calculated on the basis of assets under management. Investcorp Group employs approximately 500 people across its offices in New York, London, Switzerland, Bahrain, Abu Dhabi, Riyadh, Doha, Mumbai, Beijing, Singapore and Tokyo. Investcorp Group has been engaged in the investment management and related services business since 1982, and brings enhanced capabilities to the Adviser. 
 The Adviser s investment team, led by Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh, is supported by eight additional investment professionals, who, together with Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh, we refer to as the Investment Team. The members of the Investment Team have over 100 combined years of structuring customized debt solutions for middle-market companies, which we believe will enable us to generate favorable returns across credit cycles with an emphasis on preserving capital. Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh have developed an 
 3 

investment process for reviewing lending opportunities, structuring transactions and monitoring investments throughout multiple credit cycles. The members of the Investment Team have extensive networks for sourcing investment opportunities through direct corporate relationships and relationships with private equity firms, investment banks, restructuring advisors, law firms, boutique advisory firms and distressed/specialty lenders. The members of the Investment Team also have extensive experience across various industries, including aviation, cable, defense, healthcare, media, mining, oil and gas, power, retail, telecommunications, trucking and asset-backed special situations. As a result, we believe we will be able to achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns by investing in companies that have restructured but do not have sufficient track records to receive traditional lending terms from a commercial bank or the broadly syndicated leveraged finance market. We believe the members of the Investment Team share a common investment philosophy built on a framework of rigorous business assessment, extensive due diligence and disciplined risk valuation methodology. 
 Every initial investment by us requires the approval by a majority of the Adviser s investment committee (the Investment Committee and such majority must include both Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh. Every follow-on investment decision in an existing portfolio company and every investment disposition require approval by a majority of the Investment Committee. The Investment Committee currently consists of Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh, the Co-Chief Investment Officers of the Adviser, and Andrew Muns, a Director of Investcorp, Zachary Alpern, a Director of Investcorp, Branko Krmpotic, a Managing Director of Investcorp and Timothy Waller, a Director of Investcorp. 
 In connection with the Investcorp Transaction, on June 26, 2019, our board of directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (each, an Independent Director ), unanimously approved a new investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement and recommended that the Advisory Agreement be submitted to our stockholders for approval, which our stockholders approved at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on August 28, 2019. At the closing of the Investcorp Transaction on August 30, 2019, we entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a management fee equal to 1.75 of our gross assets, payable in arrears on a quarterly basis. In addition, pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser an incentive fee equal to 20.0 of pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to an annualized hurdle rate of 8.0 with a catch up fee for returns between the 8.0 hurdle and 10.0 , as well as 20.0 of net capital gains. 
 At the closing of the Investcorp Transaction on August 30, 2019, we entered into a new administration agreement with the Adviser (the Administration Agreement ). Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser provides us with our chief financial officer, accounting and back-office professionals, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services. The terms of the Administration Agreement, including the reimbursement of expenses by the Company to the Adviser, are identical to those contained in the Company s prior administration agreement with the Adviser. 
 In connection with the Investcorp Transaction, on June 26, 2019, the Company entered into a definitive stock purchase and transaction agreement with Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited Investcorp BDC ), an affiliate of Investcorp (the Stock Purchase Agreement ). Under the Stock Purchase Agreement, Investcorp BDC was required by August 30, 2021 to purchase (i) 680,985 newly issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at the most recently determined net asset value per share of the Company s common stock at the time of such purchase, as adjusted as necessary to comply with Section 23 of the 1940 Act, and (ii) 680,985 shares of the Company s common stock in open-market or secondary transactions. Investcorp BDC has completed all required purchases under the Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe that the current investment environment presents a compelling case for investing in secured debt (including standalone first and second lien loans and unitranche loans) and unsecured debt (including mezzanine/structured equity) of middle-market companies. The following factors represent the key drivers of our focus on this attractive market segment: 
 Reduced Availability of Capital for Middle-Market Companies. We believe there are fewer providers of financing and less capital available for middle-market companies compared to prior to the economic downturn. We believe that, as a result of that downturn: 

many financing providers have chosen to focus on large, liquid corporate loans and syndicated capital markets transactions rather than lending to middle-market businesses; 

regulatory changes have caused decreased capacity to hold non-investment grade leveraged loans, causing banks to curtail lending to middle-market companies; 

hedge funds and collateralized loan obligation managers are less likely to pursue investment opportunities in our target market as a result of reduced availability of funding for new investments; and 

consolidation of regional banks into money center banks has reduced their focus on middle-market lending. 

4 

As a result, we believe that less competition facilitates higher quality deal flow and allows for greater selectivity throughout the investment process. 
 Robust Demand for Debt Capital. According to Pitchbook, a market research firm, private equity firms had approximately 853.8 billion of uncalled capital as of December 31, 2022. They have expanded their focus to include middle-market opportunities due to the lack of opportunities in large capital buyout transactions. We expect the large amount of uninvested capital and the expanded focus on middle-market opportunities to drive buyout activity over the next several years, which should, in turn, continue to create lending opportunities for us. 

Attractive Deal Pricing and Structures. We believe that, in general, middle-market debt investments are priced more attractively to lenders than larger, more liquid, public debt financings, due to the more limited universe of lenders as well as the highly negotiated nature of these financings. Middle-market transactions tend to offer stronger covenant packages, higher interest rates, lower leverage levels and better call protection compared to larger financings. In addition, middle-market loans typically offer other investor protections such as default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and information rights for lenders. 

Specialized Lending Requirements. We believe that several factors render many U.S. financial institutions ill-suited to lend to U.S. middle-market companies. For example, based on the Investment Team s experience, lending to private U.S. middle-market companies is generally more labor-intensive than lending to larger companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature of information for such companies. Lending to smaller capitalization companies requires due diligence and underwriting practices consistent with the demands and economic limitations of the middle-market and may also require more extensive ongoing monitoring by the lender. As a result, middle-market companies historically have been served by a limited segment of the lending community. 

Competitive Strengths 
 We believe that the Adviser s disciplined approach to origination, portfolio construction and risk management should allow us to achieve favorable risk-adjusted returns while preserving our capital. We believe that the following competitive strengths provide positive returns for our investors: 
 Experienced Team with Substantial Resources. The Adviser and its Investment Team is led by Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh, each with over 40 years of experience investing in, providing corporate finance services to, restructuring and consulting with middle-market companies. Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh are supported by eight additional investment professionals, who collectively with Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh, have over 100 combined years of structuring strategic capital for business expansion, refinancings, capital restructuring , post-reorganization financing and servicing the general corporate needs of middle-market companies. The Adviser also benefits from its alignment with Investcorp, its parent company, which is the leading global credit investment platform with assets under management of 22.7 billion as of June 30, 2023. We believe that the Investment Team and its substantial resources, including through its relationship with Investcorp, provide a significant advantage and contribute to the strength of our business and enhance the quantity and quality of investment opportunities available to us. 

Capitalize on the Investment Team s Extensive Relationships with Middle-Market Companies, Private Equity Sponsors (and non-sponsor transactions) and Intermediaries. The members of the Investment Team have extensive networks for sourcing investment opportunities through corporate relationships and relationships with private equity firms, investment banks, restructuring advisors, law firms, boutique advisory firms and distressed/specialty lenders. We believe that the strength of these relationships in conjunction with the Investment Team s ability to structure financing solutions for companies that incorporate credit protections at attractive returns for us provide us with a competitive advantage in identifying investment opportunities for us in our target market. 

Disciplined Underwriting Policies and Rigorous Portfolio Management. The Adviser has established a credit analysis and investment process to analyze investment opportunities thoroughly. This process includes structuring loans with appropriate covenants and pricing loans based on its knowledge of the middle-market and its rigorous underwriting standards. We focus on capital preservation by extending loans to portfolio companies with assets that we believe will retain sufficient value to repay us even in depressed markets or under liquidation scenarios. Each investment is analyzed from its initial stages by either Mr. Mauer or Mr. Shaikh, as the Adviser s Co-Chief Investment Officers, and a senior member of the Investment Team. Every initial investment by the Company requires approval by a majority of the Investment Committee and such majority must include both Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh. Follow-on investment decisions in existing portfolio companies and any investment dispositions require approval by a majority of the Investment Committee. Under the supervision of Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh, the Investment Team s senior investment professionals monitor the portfolio for developments on a daily basis, perform credit updates on each investment, review financial performance on at least a quarterly basis, and have regular discussions with the management of portfolio companies. We 

5 

believe that the Adviser s investment and monitoring process and the depth and experience of the Investment Team gives us a competitive advantage in identifying investments and evaluating risks and opportunities throughout the life cycle of an investment. 

Ability to Structure Investments Creatively. Our Investment Team has the expertise and ability to structure investments across all levels of a company s capital structure. These individuals have extensive experience in cash flow, asset-based lending, workout situations and investing in distressed debt, which should enable us to take advantage of attractive investments in recently restructured companies. Furthermore, we believe we are in a better position to leverage the existing knowledge and relationships that the Investment Team has developed to lead investments that meet our investment criteria. We believe that current market conditions allow us to structure attractively priced debt investments and may allow us to incorporate other return-enhancing mechanisms such as commitment fees, original issue discounts OID ), early redemption premiums, payment-in-kind PIK interest and certain forms of equity securities. 

Investment Strategy 
 We invest in standalone first and second lien loans and unitranche loans, and selectively in unsecured debt, bonds and in the equity of portfolio companies through warrants and other instruments, in most cases taking advantage of a potential benefit from an increase in the value of such portfolio company as part of an overall relationship. We seek to invest primarily in middle-market companies that have annual revenues of at least 50 million and EBITDA of at least 15 million. Our investments typically range in size from 5 million to 25 million. We may invest in smaller or larger companies if there is an attractive opportunity, especially when there are dislocations in the capital markets, including the high yield and large syndicated loan markets. During such dislocations, we expect to see more deep value investment opportunities offering prospective returns that are disproportionate to the associated risk profile. We focus on companies with leading market positions, significant asset or franchise values, strong free cash flow and experienced senior management teams, with an emphasis on companies with high-quality sponsors. 

Investment Criteria 
 The Investment Team uses the following investment criteria and guidelines to evaluate prospective portfolio companies. However, not all of these criteria and guidelines are used or met in connection with each of our investments. 
 Established companies with a history of positive operating cash flow. We seek to invest in established companies with sound historical financial performance. The Adviser typically focuses on companies with a history of profitability on an operating cash flow basis. We do not intend to invest in start-up companies or companies with speculative business plans. 

Defensible and sustainable business. We seek to invest in companies with proven products and/or services that provide a competitive advantage versus its competitors or new entrants. The Adviser places an emphasis on the strength of historical operations and profitability and the generation of free cash flow to reinvest in the business or to utilize for debt service. The Adviser also focuses on the relative strength of the valuation and liquidity of collateral used to provide security for our investments, when applicable. 

Seasoned management team with meaningful equity ownership . The Adviser generally requires that our portfolio companies have a seasoned management team, with strong corporate governance. The Adviser also seeks to invest in companies with management teams that have meaningful equity ownership. The Adviser believes that companies that have proper incentives in place, including having significant equity interests, motivate management teams to enhance enterprise value, which will act in accordance with our interests. 

Significant Invested Capital. The Adviser seeks investments in portfolio companies where it believes that the aggregate enterprise value significantly exceeds aggregate indebtedness, after consideration of our investment. The Adviser believes that the existence of significant underlying equity value (i.e., the amount by which the aggregate enterprise value exceeds the aggregate indebtedness) provides important support to our debt investments. 

Investment Partnerships . We seek to invest where private equity sponsors have demonstrated capabilities in building enterprise value. In addition, we seek to partner with specialty lenders and other financial institutions. The Adviser 

6 

believes that private equity sponsors and specialty lenders can serve as committed partners and advisors that will actively work with the Adviser, the company and its management team to meet company goals and create value. 

Ability to exert meaningful influence. We target investment opportunities in which we will be a significant investor in the tranche and in which we can add value through active participation in the direction of the company, sometimes through advisory positions. 

Exit strategy. We generally seek to invest in companies that the Adviser believes possess attributes that will provide us with the ability to exit our investments. We typically expect to exit our investments through one of three scenarios: (i) the sale of the company resulting in repayment of all outstanding debt, (ii) the recapitalization of the company through which our loan is replaced with debt or equity from a third party or parties or (iii) the repayment of the initial or remaining principal amount of our loan then outstanding at maturity. In some investments, there may be scheduled amortization of some portion of our loan, which would result in a partial exit of our investment prior to the maturity of the loan. 

Deal Origination 
 The Adviser s deal-originating efforts are focused on its direct corporate relationships and relationships with private equity firms, investment banks, restructuring advisers, law firms, and boutique advisory firms and distressed/specialty lenders. The Adviser s Investment Team continues to enhance and expand these relationships. 
 The origination process is designed to thoroughly evaluate potential financings and to identify the most attractive of these opportunities on the basis of risk-adjusted returns. Each investment is analyzed from its initial stages through our investment by one of the Co-Chief Investment Officers of the Adviser and an additional investment professional. If an opportunity fits our criteria for investment and merits further review and consideration, the investment is presented to the Investment Committee. This first stage of analysis involves a preliminary, but detailed, description of the potential financing. An investment summary is then generated after preliminary due diligence. The opportunity may be discussed several times by members of the Investment Team. Prior to funding, every initial investment requires the approval of a majority of the Investment Committee and such majority must include both Messrs. Mauer and Shaikh. Follow-on investment decisions in existing portfolio companies and investment dispositions require the approval of a majority of the Investment Committee. 
 If the Adviser decides to pursue an opportunity, a preliminary term sheet will be produced for the target portfolio company. This term sheet serves as a basis for the discussion and negotiation of the critical terms of the proposed financing. At this stage, the Adviser begins its formal underwriting and investment approval process as described below. After the negotiation of a transaction, the financing is presented to the Investment Committee of the Adviser for approval. Upon approval of a financing transaction, the parties will prepare the relevant loan documentation. An investment is funded only after all due diligence is satisfactorily completed and all closing conditions have been satisfied. The investments in our portfolio are monitored by a member of the Investment Committee aided by the investment professionals of the Investment Team, who also perform credit updates on each investment quarterly. 
 Underwriting 
 Underwriting process and investment approval 
 The Adviser makes investment decisions only after considering a number of factors regarding the potential investment including, but not limited to: 
 historical and projected financial performance; 

company and industry specific characteristics, such as strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats; 

composition and experience of the management team; and 

track record of the private equity sponsor leading the transaction, if applicable. 

This methodology is employed to screen a high volume of potential investment opportunities on a consistent basis. 
 If an investment is deemed appropriate to pursue, a more detailed and rigorous evaluation is made after considering relevant investment parameters. The following outlines the general parameters and areas of evaluation and due diligence for investment decisions, although not all are necessarily considered or given equal weighting in the evaluation process. 
 7 

Business model and financial assessment 
 The Adviser undertakes a review and analysis of the financial and strategic plans for the potential investment. There is significant evaluation of and reliance upon the due diligence performed by the private equity sponsor, if applicable, and third-party experts, including accountants and consultants. Areas of evaluation include: 
 historical and projected financial performance; 

quality of earnings, including source and predictability of cash flows; 

customer and vendor interviews and assessments; 

potential exit scenarios, including probability of a liquidity event; 

internal controls and accounting systems; and 

assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities. 

Industry dynamics 
 The Adviser evaluates the portfolio company s industry, and may, if considered appropriate, consult or retain industry experts. The following factors are among those the Adviser analyzes: 
 sensitivity to economic cycles; 

competitive environment, including number of competitors, threat of new entrants or substitutes; 

fragmentation and relative market share of industry leaders; 

growth potential; and 

regulatory and legal environment. 

Management assessment 
 The Adviser makes an in-depth assessment of the management team, including evaluation along several key metrics: 
 background checks; 

the number of years in their current positions; 

track record; 

industry experience; 

management incentive, including the level of direct investment in the enterprise; and 

completeness of the management team (positions that need to be filled or added). 

Sponsor assessment 
 Among critical due diligence investigations is the evaluation of a private equity sponsor or specialty lender that has, or is also making, an investment in the portfolio company. A private equity sponsor is typically a controlling stockholder upon completion of an investment and as such is considered critical to the success of the investment. In addition, a management team with meaningful equity ownership can serve as a committed partner to us and any private equity sponsor or specialty lender. The Adviser evaluates a private equity sponsor or specialty lender along several key criteria, including: 
 investment track record; 

industry experience. 

capacity and willingness to provide additional financial support to the company through additional capital contributions, if necessary; and 

reference checks. 

8 

Investments 
 The following describes the types of loans we generally make: 
 Standalone first lien loans . Standalone first lien loans are loans that are typically senior on a lien basis to other liabilities in the issuer s capital structure and have the benefit of a security interest on the assets of the portfolio company. Standalone first lien loans may provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. 
 Standalone second lien loans . Standalone second lien loans are loans that are typically senior on a lien basis to other liabilities in the issuer s capital structure and have the benefit of a security interest over the assets of the borrower, although ranking junior to first lien loans. Standalone second lien loans may provide for moderate loan amortization in the early years of the loan, with the majority of the amortization deferred until loan maturity. Standalone second lien loans can incur greater frictional costs (e.g., increased professional costs relating to resolving conflicts among the lenders) in the event of a workout and, partly because of this possible impact on recovery rates, we expect to demand a significantly higher risk premium in the form of higher spreads, call protection and/or warrants for extending standalone second lien loans, compared to first lien loans of similar credit quality. 
 Unitranche loans . Unitranche loans are loans structured as first lien loans with certain characteristics of mezzanine loan risk in one security. Unitranche loans typically provide for moderate loan amortization in the initial years of the loan with the majority of the principal repayment deferred until loan maturity. Unitranche loans usually provide us with greater control over a portfolio company s capital structure, as they provide a one-stop financing solution and limit frictional costs (e.g., negotiations with, and concessions to, other lien holders) in the event of a workout process. Consistent with our focus on capital preservation, unitranche loans typically have less volatile returns than standalone second lien or mezzanine loans. 
 Mezzanine loans/structured equity . Mezzanine loans are subordinated to senior secured loans on a payment basis, are typically unsecured and rank pari passu with other unsecured creditors of the issuer. As with standalone second lien loans, we expect to demand a significantly higher risk premium in the form of higher spreads, call protection and/or warrants for mezzanine loans, given the lower recovery rates for such securities due in part to the greater frictional costs (e.g., increased professional costs relating to resolving conflicts among the lenders) in a protracted workout. We may take mezzanine type risk in the form of structured equity investments. In cases where portfolio companies may be constrained in their ability to raise additional capital in the form of debt, we may have the opportunity to structure preferred equity or other equity-like instruments. These equity instruments typically have redemption rights and will either be convertible into common equity at our option or will have detachable warrants compensating us for the additional risk inherent in such investments. In most cases, these equity instruments will have debt-like characteristics, which provide more downside protection than a typical equity instrument. 
 Equity components . In connection with some of our debt investments, we will also invest in preferred or common stock or receive nominally priced warrants or options to buy an equity interest in the portfolio company. As a result, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. The Adviser may structure such equity investments and warrants to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as a put, or right to sell such securities back to the issuer, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also seek to obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 Portfolio Management Strategy 
 The investments in our portfolio are monitored by a member of the Investment Committee aided by the investment professionals of the Investment Team, who also perform credit updates on each investment quarterly. 
 Risk Ratings 
 In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, we use the Adviser s investment rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. This investment rating system uses a five-level numeric rating scale. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating: 

Investment Rating 1 
 Investments that are performing above expectations, and whose risks remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. 

Investment Rating 2 
 Investments that are performing within expectations and whose risks remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. All new loans are initially rated 2. 

Investment Rating 3 
 Investments that are performing below expectations and that require closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected. Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out of compliance with their financial covenants. 

9 

Investment Rating 4 
 Investments that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are often in workout. Investments with a rating of 4 are those for which some loss of return but no loss of principal is expected. 

Investment Rating 5 
 Investments that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are almost always in workout. Investments with a rating of 5 are those for which some loss of return and principal is expected. 

If the Adviser determines that an investment is underperforming, or circumstances suggest that the risk associated with a particular investment has significantly increased, the Adviser will increase its monitoring intensity and prepare regular updates for the Investment Committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting recommended actions. While the investment rating system identifies the relative risk for each investment, the rating alone does not dictate the scope and/or frequency of any monitoring that will be performed. The frequency of the Adviser s monitoring of an investment is determined by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the trends in the financial performance of the portfolio company, the investment structure and the type of collateral securing the investment. 
 The following table shows the investment rankings of the debt investments in our portfolio: 

As of June 30, 2023 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 

Investment Rating 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Portfolio 
 
 Number of Investments 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Portfolio 
 
 Number of Investments 

1 

16,538,345 
 
 7.5 

3 

35,059,097 
 
 15.0 

5 

2 

114,979,324 
 
 52.2 

32 

172,732,804 
 
 73.9 

44 

3 

62,588,392 
 
 28.4 

19 

23,364,583 
 
 10.0 

4 

4 

13,067,850 
 
 6.0 

5 

5 

12,937,418 
 
 5.9 

6 

2,527,502 
 
 1.1 

7 

Total 

220,111,329 
 
 100.0 

65 

233,683,986 
 
 100.0 

60 

Determination of Net Asset Value and Portfolio Valuation Process 
 The net asset value per share of our outstanding shares of common stock is determined quarterly by dividing total assets minus liabilities by the total number of shares outstanding. 
 In calculating the value of our total assets, investment transactions will be recorded on the trade date. Realized gains or losses will be computed using the specific identification method. Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued at such market quotations. Debt and equity securities that are not publicly traded or whose market price is not readily available are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors based on the input of our management and valuation committee. In addition, our board of directors retains one or more independent valuation firms to review each quarter, the valuation of each portfolio investment for which a market quotation is not available. We also have adopted Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , or ASC 820. This accounting statement requires us to assume that the portfolio investment is assumed to be sold in the principal market to market participants, or in the absence of a principal market, the most advantageous market, which may be a hypothetical market. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market that are independent, knowledgeable, and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC 820, the market in which we can exit portfolio investments with the greatest volume and level activity is considered our principal market. 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued at such market quotations unless the quotations are deemed not to represent fair value. We generally obtain market quotations from recognized exchanges, market quotation systems, independent pricing services or one or more broker dealers or market makers. 
 Debt and equity securities for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. Because a readily available market value for many of the investments in our portfolio is often not available, we value many of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with a documented valuation policy that has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors. Due to the inherent uncertainty and subjectivity of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events may have differing impacts on the market quotations used to value some of our investments than on the fair values of our investments 
 10 

for which market quotations are not readily available. Market quotations may also be deemed not to represent fair value in certain circumstances where we believe that facts and circumstances applicable to an issuer, a seller or purchaser, or the market for a particular security causes current market quotations not to reflect the fair value of the security. Examples of these events could include cases where a security trades infrequently, causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become stale, where there is a forced sale by a distressed seller, where market quotations vary substantially among market makers, or where there is a wide bid-ask spread or significant increase in the bid ask spread. 
 Those investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments include, as relevant and among other factors: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, merger and acquisition comparables, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; 

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed by senior management and the Adviser; 

on a periodic basis, at least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment is reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors; 

the valuation committee of our board of directors then reviews these preliminary valuations and makes a recommendation to our board of directors regarding the fair value of each investment; and 

the board of directors then discusses these preliminary valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the independent valuation firm and the valuation committee. 

Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted by the SEC in December 2020 and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Our board of directors has adopted valuation policies and procedures that are intended to comply with Rule 2a-5. 
 Realization of Investments 
 The potential exit scenarios of a portfolio company will play an important role in evaluating investment decisions. The Adviser will formulate specific exit strategies at the time of each investment. Our debt orientation will provide for increased potential exit opportunities, including the sale of investments in the private markets, the refinancing of investments held, often due to maturity or recapitalizations, and other liquidity events including the sale or merger of the portfolio company. Since we seek to maintain a debt orientation in our investments, we generally expect to receive interest income over the course of the investment period, receiving a significant return on invested capital well in advance of final exit. 
 Derivatives 
 We may utilize hedging techniques such as interest rate swaps to mitigate potential interest rate risk on our indebtedness. Such interest rate swaps would principally be used to protect us against higher costs on our indebtedness resulting from increases in both short-term and long-term interest rates. We also may use various hedging and other risk management strategies to seek to manage various risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Such hedging strategies would be utilized to seek to protect the value of our portfolio investments, for example, against possible adverse changes in the market value of securities held in our portfolio. 
 11 

Managerial Assistance 
 As a BDC, we offer, and must provide upon request, managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. The Adviser will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. We may receive fees for these services and will reimburse the Adviser for its allocated costs in providing such assistance, subject to the review by our board of directors, including our Independent Directors. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors in providing financing to middle-market companies include public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or to the distribution and other requirements we must satisfy to maintain our qualification as a RIC. 
 We use the expertise of the investment professionals of the Adviser to assess investment risks and determine appropriate pricing for our investments in portfolio companies. In addition, we believe the relationships of these investment professionals will enable us to learn about, and compete effectively for, financing opportunities with attractive middle-market companies in the industries in which we seek to invest. 
 Staffing 
 We do not have any direct employees, and our day-to-day investment operations are managed by the Adviser. We have a Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. To the extent necessary, our board of directors may hire additional personnel in the future. Our officers are all employees of the Adviser and our allocable portion of the cost of Rocco DelGuercio, as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer, and his staff, is paid by us pursuant to the Administration Agreement with the Adviser. 
 At the closing of the Investcorp Transaction on August 30, 2019, the Adviser entered into a services agreement with Investcorp International Inc. Investcorp International ), an affiliate of Investcorp (the Investcorp Services Agreement ), through which the Adviser can utilize the expertise of Investcorp s accounting and back-office professionals on an as-needed basis upon the request of the Adviser. 
 Management Agreements 
 Advisory Agreement 
 The Advisory Agreement went into effect on August 30, 2019 (the Commencement Date ). 
 Management Services 
 Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors and in accordance with the 1940 Act, the Adviser manages our day-to-day operations and provides investment advisory services to us. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make; 

executes, closes, services and monitors the investments we make; 

determines the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell; 

performs due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; and 

provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of our funds. 

12 

The Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it may furnish similar services to other entities. 
 Management Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to pay the Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). The cost of both the Base Management Fee and the Incentive Fee will ultimately be borne by our stockholders. 
 Base Management Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of our gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents (such amount, Gross Assets ). 
 The Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of our Gross Assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters. The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears and the Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 
 Incentive Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Incentive Fee, which provides the Adviser with a share of the income that it generates for the Company, has two components, ordinary income (the Income-Based Fee and capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ). Incentive Fees are calculated as described below and payable quarterly in arrears (or, upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date). 
 Income-Based Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Income-Based Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, subject to a total return requirement (the Total Return Requirement and deferral of non-cash amounts, and is 20.0 of the amount, if any, by which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets attributable to its common stock, for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, exceeds a 2.0 (which is 8.0 annualized) hurdle rate and a catch-up provision measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, in any fiscal quarter, the Adviser receives no Incentive Fee until our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income equals the hurdle rate of 2.0 , but then receives, as a catch-up, 100 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 (which is 10.0 annualized). The effect of the catch-up provision is that, subject to the Total Return Requirement and deferral provisions discussed below, if Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds 2.5 in any fiscal quarter, the Adviser receives 20.0 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and any distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as OID, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Because of the structure of the Incentive Fee, it is possible that we may pay an Incentive Fee in a quarter where we incur a loss, subject to the Total Return Requirement and deferral of non-cash amounts. For example, if we receive Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in excess of the quarterly minimum hurdle rate, we would pay the applicable Incentive Fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. Our net investment income used to calculate this component of the Incentive Fee is also included in the amount of its gross assets used to calculate the 1.75 Base Management Fee. These calculations are appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Income-Based Fee is subject to the Total Return Requirement. No Income-Based Fee is payable under the Advisory Agreement except to the extent 20.0 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the fiscal quarter for which fees are being calculated and the Lookback Period exceeds the cumulative Incentive Fees accrued and/or paid for the Lookback Period. For the foregoing purpose, the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from 
 13 

operations is the amount, if positive, of the sum of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation of the Company for the then current fiscal quarter and the Lookback Period. The Lookback Period means (1) through June 30, 2023, the period that commences on the last day of the fiscal quarter in which the Commencement Date occurs and ends on the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the fiscal quarter for which the Income-Based Fee is being calculated, and (2) after June 30, 2023, the eleven fiscal quarters immediately preceding the fiscal quarter for which the Income-Based Fee is being calculated. 
 In addition, under the Advisory Agreement, the portion of such Incentive Fee that is attributable to deferred interest (such as PIK interest or OID) will be paid to the Adviser only if and to the extent we actually receive such interest in cash, and any accrual thereof will be reversed if and to the extent such interest is reversed in connection with any write-off or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to any deferred interest accrual. Any reversal of such accounts would reduce net income for the quarter by the net amount of the reversal (after taking into account the reversal of Incentive Fees payable) and would result in a reduction and possible elimination of the Incentive Fees for such quarter. Notwithstanding any such Incentive Fee reduction or elimination, there is no accumulation of amounts on the hurdle rate from quarter to quarter, and accordingly there is no clawback of amounts previously paid if subsequent quarters are below the quarterly hurdle, and there is no delay of payment if prior quarters are below the quarterly hurdle. 
 The following is a graphic representation of the calculation of the Income-Based Fee: 
 Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income 
 Pre-incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

Percentage of Pre-incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 Allocated to Income-Based Fee 
 Capital Gains Fee 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, and is equal to 20.0 of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from the Commencement Date through the end of each fiscal year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and our aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fees. If such amount is negative, then no Capital Gains Fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a fiscal year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a fiscal year end for purposes of calculating and paying the Capital Gains Fee. 
 Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we calculate the Capital Gains Fee as if we had realized all assets at their fair values as of the reporting date. Accordingly, we accrue a provisional Capital Gains Fee taking into account any unrealized gains or losses. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 there were no Capital Gains Fees. As the provisional Capital Gains Fee is subject to the performance of investments until there is a realization event, the amount of the provisional Capital Gains Fee accrued at a reporting date may vary from the Capital Gains Fee that is ultimately realized and the differences could be material. 
 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation 
 Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee before Total Return Requirement Calculation: 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.0 
 14 

Management fee (2) = 0.4375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.2 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 0.6125 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no income-related incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.9 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.0 
 Management fee (2) = 0.4375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.2 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 2.2625 
 Incentive fee = 100 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (subject to catch-up (4) 
 = 100 (2.2625 2.0 
 = 0.2625 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, but does not fully satisfy the catch-up provision; therefore, the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.2625 . 
 Alternative 3 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.0 
 Management fee (2) = 0.4375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.2 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 2.8625 

Incentive fee = 
 100 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (subject to catch-up (4) 

Incentive fee = 
 100 catch-up + (20.0 (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 2.5 )) 

Catch-up = 2.5 2.0 

= 0.5 

Incentive fee = 
 (100 0.5 + (20.0 (2.8625 2.5 )) 

= 0.5 + (20.0 0.3625 

= 0.5 + 0.725 

= 0.5725 

Pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate, and fully satisfies the catch-up provision; therefore, the income related portion of the incentive fee is 0.5725 . 
 
 (1) Represents 8.0 annualized hurdle rate. 

(2) Represents 1.75 annualized base management fee. 

(3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 

(4) The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.0 on all pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any fiscal quarter. 

15 

Example 2: Income Portion of Incentive Fee with Total Return Requirement Calculation: 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.0 
 Management fee (2) = 0.4375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.2 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 2.8625 
 Cumulative incentive compensation accrued and/or paid for preceding 11 calendar quarters = 9,000,000 20.0 of cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over current and preceding 11 calendar quarters = 8,000,000 
 Although our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate of 2.0 (as shown in Alternative 3 of Example 1 above), no incentive fee is payable because 20.0 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters did not exceed the cumulative income and capital gains incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the preceding 11 calendar quarters. 
 Alternative 2: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.5 
 Hurdle rate (1) = 2.0 
 Management fee (2) = 0.4375 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) (3) = 0.2 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income 
 (investment income (management fee + other expenses) = 2.8625 
 Cumulative incentive compensation accrued and/or paid for preceding 11 calendar quarters = 9,000,000 20.0 of cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over current and preceding 11 calendar quarters = 10,000,000 
 Because our pre-incentive fee net investment income exceeds the hurdle rate of 2.0 and because 20.0 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the then current and 11 preceding calendar quarters exceeds the cumulative income and capital gains incentive fees accrued and/or paid for the preceding 11 calendar quarters, an incentive fee would be payable, as shown in Alternative 3 of Example 1 above. 
 
 (1) Represents 8.0 annualized hurdle rate. 

(2) Represents 1.75 annualized base management fee. 

(3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 

(4) The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Adviser with an incentive fee of 20.0 on all pre-incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.5 in any fiscal quarter. 

Example 3: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee( ): 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 

Year 1: 
 2.0 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 3.0 million investment made in Company B Investment B 

Year 2: 
 Investment A sold for 5.0 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 3.5 million 

Year 3: 
 FMV of Investment B determined to be 2.0 million 

Year 4: 
 Investment B sold for 3.25 million 

16 

The capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 

Year 1: 
 None 

Year 2: 
 Capital gains incentive fee of 0.6 million 3.0 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20.0 

Year 3: 
 None 0.4 million (20.0 multiplied by 3.0 million cumulative capital gains less 1.0 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 0.6 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 

Year 4: 
 Capital gains incentive fee of 50,000 0.65 million 3.25 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20 less 0.6 million (capital gains incentive fee taken in Year 2) 

Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 

Year 1: 
 2.0 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 5.25 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 4.5 million investment made in Company C Investment C 

Year 2: 
 Investment A sold for 4.5 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 4.75 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 4.5 million 

Year 3: 
 FMV of Investment B determined to be 5.0 million and Investment C sold for 5.5 million 

Year 4: 
 FMV of Investment B determined to be 6.0 million 

Year 5: 
 Investment B sold for 4.0 million 

The capital gains incentive fee, if any, would be: 

Year 1: 
 None 

Year 2: 
 Capital gains incentive fee of 0.4 million 20.0 multiplied by 2.0 million 2.5 million realized capital gains on Investment A less 0.5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 

Year 3: 
 0.25 million capital gains incentive fee (1) 0.65 million (20.0 multiplied by 3.25 million 3.5 million cumulative realized capital gains less 0.25 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 0.4 million capital gains incentive fee received in Year 2 

Year 4: 
 0.05 million capital gains incentive fee 0.7 million 3.50 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20.0 less 0.65 million cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2 and Year 3 

Year 5: 
 None 0.45 million (20.0 multiplied by 2.25 million (cumulative realized capital gains of 3.5 million less realized capital losses of 1.25 million)) less 0.7 million cumulative capital gains incentive fee paid in Year 2, Year 3 and Year 4 (2) 

The hypothetical amounts of returns shown are based on a percentage of our total net assets and assume no leverage. There is no guarantee that positive returns will be realized and actual returns may vary from those shown in this example. 
 (1) As illustrated in Year 3 of Alternative 1 above, if a portfolio company were to be wound up on a date other than its fiscal year end of any year, it may have paid aggregate capital gains incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if such portfolio company had been wound up on its fiscal year end of such year. 

(2) As noted above, it is possible that the cumulative aggregate capital gains fee received by the Adviser 0.70 million) is effectively greater than 0.45 million (20 of cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less net realized capital losses or net unrealized depreciation 2.25 million)). 

Payment of Our Expenses 
 The Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee compensation provided for in the Advisory Agreement remunerates the Adviser for work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 our organization, the formation transactions and offerings; 

calculating our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm(s)); 

fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser or payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

17 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 

other offerings of our common stock and other securities; 

administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including our allocable portion of the Adviser s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs); 

transfer agent, dividend agent and custodial fees and expenses; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act, as amended, and other applicable federal and state securities laws, and stock exchange listing fees; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

U.S. federal, state and local taxes; 

Independent Directors fees and expenses; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to or communications and meetings with stockholders; 

costs associated with investor relations; 

costs and fees associated with any fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff; and 

all other expenses incurred by us or the Adviser in connection with administering our business. 

Duration and Termination 
 The Advisory Agreement had an initial term of two years and continues thereafter from year-to-year if approved annually by our board of directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding voting securities and a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 The Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty by delivering notice of termination upon not less than 60 days written notice to the other party and will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities may also terminate the Advisory Agreement without penalty upon 60 days written notice. 
 Indemnification 
 The Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as the Adviser. 
 Board Approval of the Advisory Agreement 
 On August 29, 2023, our board of directors, including all of the Independent Directors, held a meeting to consider and approve the continuation of the Advisory Agreement. In its consideration of the Advisory Agreement, our board of directors took into consideration (1) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to the Company by the Adviser; (2) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; (3) the Company s operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; (4) the expected profitability of the Adviser; (5) information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Advisory Agreement; (6) the organizational capability and financial condition of the Adviser and its affiliates; and (7) other factors our board of directors deemed to be relevant. In its deliberations, our board of directors did not identify any single piece of information discussed below that was all-important, controlling or determinative of its decision. 
 18 

Based on the information reviewed and the discussion thereof, our board of directors, including all of the Independent Directors, determined that the investment advisory fee rates are reasonable in relation to the services provided and approved the continuation of the Advisory Agreement as being in the best interests of our stockholders. In voting to approve the Advisory Agreement, our board of directors, including all of the Independent Directors, made the following conclusions: 
 Nature, Extent and Quality of Services. In considering the nature, extent and quality of the services to be provided by the Adviser, our board of directors discussed the experience of current key personnel of the Adviser and considered its experience with the Adviser providing investment management services to the Company. Our board of directors also considered the investment selection process employed by the Adviser, including the flow of transaction opportunities resulting from the Investment Team s significant experience in structuring strategic capital for business expansion, refinancings, capital restructuring, post-reorganization financing and servicing the general corporate needs of middle-market companies; the employment of the Adviser s investment philosophy, diligence procedures, credit recommendation process, investment structuring, and ongoing relationships with and monitoring of portfolio companies, in light of the investment objective of the Company. Our board of directors also considered the Adviser s personnel and their prior experience in connection with the types of investments made by us, including such personnel s corporate relationships and relationships with private equity firms, investment banks, restructuring advisors, law firms, boutique advisory firms and distressed/specialty lenders. In addition, our board of directors considered the other terms and conditions of the Advisory Agreement. Our board of directors determined that the substantive terms of the Advisory Agreement (other than the fees payable thereunder, which our board of directors reviewed separately), including the services to be provided, are similar to those of comparable BDCs described in the available market data and in the best interests of our stockholders. Based on the factors above, as well as those discussed below, our board of directors concluded that it was satisfied with the nature, extent and quality of the services to be provided to the Company by the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. 

Comparison to Other Business Development Companies. Our board of directors reviewed a detailed comparison of performance metrics of the Company and a sample of peer BDCs. In considering the appropriate performance metrics by which to benchmark the Company s performance against its peers, our board of directors focused on certain factors that it believes are significant drivers of stockholder value. Our board of directors considered the comparison of performance metrics as it relates to the management and incentive fees to be paid to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement, in comparison to the fees paid to other externally managed BDCs. 

Our board of directors noted that the exclusion of cash and cash equivalents from the Base Management Fee calculation makes it more beneficial to stockholders than certain other fee structures in the peer group. Our board of directors also noted the stockholder-friendly three-year Total Return Requirement, which would result in the net investment income amount utilized for the income-based Incentive Fee calculation being reduced to the extent of any net realized losses and net unrealized depreciation during the applicable three-year period. 
 In addition to reviewing the appropriateness of the terms of the Advisory Agreement and the relative performance of the Adviser and the Company, our board of directors considered the differentiated investment strategy of the Company, which focuses on generating both current income and capital appreciation by investing in debt and related equity investments of privately held middle-market companies. The Company invests primarily in middle-market companies in the form of standalone first and second lien loans and unitranche loans. The Company may also invest in unsecured debt and bonds and in the equity of portfolio companies through warrants and other instruments. The Company generally defines middle-market companies as those with an enterprise value that represents the aggregate of debt value and equity value of the entity of less than 750 million, although it may invest in larger or smaller companies. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s portfolio at fair value consisted of 89.21 first lien investments and 10.79 equity, warrant or other positions. 
 Costs of Services Provided and Economies of Scale. Our board of directors considered the extent to which economies of scale would be realized as the Company grows, and whether the fees payable under the Advisory Agreement reflect these economies of scale for the benefit of our stockholders. Taking into account such information, our board of directors determined that the advisory fee structure under the Advisory Agreement was reasonable with respect to any economies of scale that may be realized as the Company grows, and that there were no material economies of scale to be realized at the Company s current asset level. 

Limited Potential for Additional Benefits Derived by the Adviser. Our board of directors considered existing and potential sources of indirect income the Adviser receive as a result of the relationship with us, including reimbursements to the Adviser of allocable expenses under the Administration Agreement, and whether there would be potential for additional benefits to be derived by the Adviser as a result of our relationship with the Adviser, and was advised any such potential would be limited. 

19 

Our board of directors concluded that the proposed advisory fees are reasonable, taking into consideration these other indirect benefits. 
 Conclusions. No single factor was determinative of the decision of our board of directors, including all of the Independent Directors, to approve the Advisory Agreement and individual directors may have weighed certain factors differently. 
 Administration Agreement 
 Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser furnishes us with office facilities and equipment and provides us with clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services at such facilities. Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which includes, among other things, being responsible for the financial and other records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports and other materials filed with the SEC. In addition, the Adviser assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser also provides managerial assistance on our behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted our offer to provide such assistance. The Adviser may satisfy certain of its obligations under the Administration Agreement to us through the Investcorp Services Agreement, including supplying us with accounting and back-office professionals upon the request of the Adviser. 
 Payments under the Administration Agreement equal an amount based upon our allocable portion (subject to the review of our board of directors) of the Adviser s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, the fees and expenses associated with performing compliance functions and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs. In addition, if requested to provide significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, the Adviser will be paid an additional amount based on the services provided, which shall not exceed the amount we receive from such portfolio companies for providing this assistance. The Administration Agreement had an initial term of two years and continues thereafter from year-to-year if approved annually by our board of directors. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. To the extent that the Adviser outsources any of its functions, we pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without any incremental profit to the Adviser. 
 Indemnification 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent criminal conduct, willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Adviser s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. 
 License Agreement 
 We have entered into a license agreement with the Adviser under which the Adviser has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Investcorp. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the Investcorp name for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains our investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Investcorp name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser is in effect and Investcorp is the majority owner of the Adviser. 
 Investments in and Advice Regarding Different Parts of an Issuer s Capital Structure 
 In some cases, another investment account or vehicle managed or controlled by the Adviser or its affiliates Other Accounts ), on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, invest in or extend credit to different parts of the capital structure of a single issuer. As a result, such Other Accounts may take actions that adversely affect the Company. In addition, in some cases, the Adviser advises such Other Accounts with respect to different parts of the capital structure of the same issuer, or classes of securities that are subordinate or senior to securities, in which the Company invest. The Adviser is able to pursue rights, provide advice or engage in other activities, or refrain from pursuing rights, providing advice or engaging in other activities, on behalf of such Other Accounts with respect to an issuer in which the Company has invested, and such actions (or inaction) may have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 20 

For example, in the event that the Other Account holds loans, securities or other positions in the capital structure of an issuer that ranks senior in preference to the holdings of the Company in the same issuer, and the issuer experiences financial or operational challenges, the Adviser, acting on behalf of the Other Account, may seek a liquidation, reorganization or restructuring of the issuer that has, or terms in connection with the foregoing, that have, an adverse effect on or otherwise conflict with the interests of the Company s holdings in the issuer. In connection with any such liquidation, reorganization or restructuring, the Company s holdings in the issuer may be extinguished or substantially diluted, while the Other Accounts recover some or all of the amounts due to them. In addition, in connection with any lending arrangements involving the issuer in which such Other Accounts participate, the Other Accounts may seek to exercise rights under the applicable loan agreement or other document, in a manner detrimental to the Company. In situations in which the Adviser advises clients (including the Company) with positions in multiple parts of the capital structure of an issuer, the Adviser may not pursue actions or remedies available to the Company, as a result of legal and regulatory requirements or otherwise. These potential issues are examples of conflicts that the Adviser will face in situations in which the Company and Other Accounts, invest in or extend credit to different parts of the capital structure of a single issuer. 
 The Adviser addresses these issues based on the circumstances of particular situations. For example, the Adviser may rely on information barriers between different Investcorp business units or portfolio management teams. The Adviser in some circumstances relies on the actions of similarly situated holders of loans or securities rather than, or in connection with, taking such actions itself on behalf of the Company. As a result of the various conflicts and related issues described above and the fact that conflicts will not necessarily be resolved in favor of the interests of the Company, the Company could sustain losses during periods in which Other Accounts achieve profits generally or with respect to particular holdings in the same issuer, or could achieve lower profits or higher losses than would have been the case had the conflicts described above not existed. It should be expected that the negative effects described above will be more pronounced in connection with transactions in, or the Company s use of, small capitalization, emerging market, distressed or less liquid strategies. 
 Exchange Act Reports 
 We maintain a website at www.icmbdc.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the SEC in accordance with the Exchange Act. These include our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 
 Regulation as a BDC 
 We are a BDC under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates (including any investment advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. However, we may purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder. Prior to January 19, 2021, except for registered money market funds, we generally were prohibited from acquiring more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company, investing more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company, or investing more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company without obtaining exemptive relief from the SEC. However, the SEC adopted new rules, which became effective on January 19, 2021, that allow us to acquire the securities of other investment companies in excess of the 3 , 5 , and 10 limitations without obtaining exemptive relief if we comply with certain conditions. If we invest in securities issued by investment companies, if any, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses as they will be indirectly responsible for the costs and expenses of such companies. None of these policies is fundamental and may be changed without stockholder approval upon 60 days prior written notice to stockholders. 
 21 

Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. Under the 1940 Act and the rules thereunder, eligible portfolio companies include (1) private domestic operating companies, (2) public domestic operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange (e.g., NASDAQ), and (3) public domestic operating companies having a market capitalization of less than 250 million. Public domestic operating companies whose securities are quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board or through Pink Sheets LLC are not listed on a national securities exchange and therefore are eligible portfolio companies. 

(2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

(3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident to such a private transaction, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities, was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities that mature in one year or less from the date of investment. 

The regulations defining qualifying assets may change over time. We may adjust our investment focus as needed to comply with and/or take advantage of any regulatory, legislative, administrative or judicial actions in this area. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 BDCs generally must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities significant managerial assistance, except in circumstances where either (i) the BDC controls such issuer of securities or (ii) the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together and one of the other persons in the group makes available such managerial assistance. Making available managerial assistance means any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers, employees or agents, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. The Adviser will provide such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request this assistance. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less from the date of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets or temporary investments. Typically, we will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, so long as the agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price that is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 22 

Senior Securities 
 We are generally permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least equal to 150 immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. 
 In accordance with the 1940 Act, on May 2, 2018, our board of directors, including a required majority, approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, our asset coverage requirements for senior securities changed from 200 to 150 , effective May 2, 2019. For more information, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a business development company will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. As a business development company, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. 
 Common Stock 
 We are not generally able to issue and sell our common stock at a price below net asset value per share. We may, however, sell our common stock at a price below the current net asset value of the common stock (i) in connection with a rights offering to our existing stockholders, (ii) with the consent of the majority of our common stockholders, or (iii) under such other circumstances as the SEC may permit. For example, we may sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then current net asset value of our common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and that of our stockholders, and our stockholders approve our policy and practice of making such sales. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price which, in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). 
 Codes of Ethics 
 We and the Adviser have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each such code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with such code s requirements. Each code of ethics is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. You may also obtain copies of each code of ethics, after paying a duplicating fee, by electronic request at the following e-mail address: publicinfo@sec.gov . 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to the Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of the Adviser are set out below. The guidelines will be reviewed periodically by the Adviser and our directors who are not interested persons, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 Introduction 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, the Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act solely in our best interests. As part of this duty, the Adviser recognizes that it must vote our securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in our best interests. 
 The Adviser s policies and procedures for voting proxies for its investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 
 The Adviser votes proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what it perceives to be the best interest of our stockholders. The Adviser reviews on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its effect on the portfolio securities we hold. In most cases, the Adviser will vote in favor of proposals that the Adviser believes are likely to increase the value 
 23 

of the portfolio securities we hold. Although the Adviser will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative effect on our portfolio securities, the Adviser may vote for such a proposal if there exist compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 The Adviser has established a proxy voting committee and adopted proxy voting guidelines and related procedures. The proxy voting committee establishes proxy voting guidelines and procedures, oversees the internal proxy voting process, and reviews proxy voting issues. To ensure that the Adviser s vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, the Adviser requires that (1) anyone involved in the decision-making process disclose to our Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision- making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how the Adviser intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. Where conflicts of interest may be present, the Adviser will disclose such conflicts to us, including to our Independent Directors, and may request guidance from us on how to vote such proxies. 
 Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information about how the Adviser voted proxies by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 280 Park Avenue, 39 th Floor, New York, New York 10017, or by calling us collect at (646) 690-5034. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains this information. 
 Privacy Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their nonpublic personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any nonpublic personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain nonpublic personal information of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third-party administrator). 
 We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about our stockholders to employees of the Adviser and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We intend to maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the nonpublic personal information of our stockholders. 
 Other 
 We are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and the Adviser are each required to adopt and implement written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of relevant federal securities laws, review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and designate a chief compliance officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 We may be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our board of directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. Thus, based on current SEC interpretations, co-investment transactions involving a BDC like us and an entity that is advised by the Adviser or an affiliated adviser generally could not be effected without SEC relief. The staff of the SEC has, however, granted no-action relief permitting purchases of a single class of privately placed securities, provided that the adviser negotiates no term other than price and certain other conditions are met. On July 20, 2021, the SEC issued an order, which superseded a prior order issued on March 19, 2019, granting the Company s application for exemptive relief to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions with other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates and any future funds that are advised by the Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers (the Exemptive Relief ). Under the terms of the Exemptive Relief, in order for the Company to participate in a co-investment transaction a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the Independent Directors must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objectives and strategies. 
 24 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a wide variety of regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 under Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal control over financial reporting; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company 
 As a BDC, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally do not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that we distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 If we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, then we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our income we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gains not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 nondeductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income for each calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income for the one-year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (3) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years (the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement ). 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 continue to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to loans of certain securities, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships, or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities (the 90 Income Test ); and 

diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. Government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable Code rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or of certain qualified publicly traded partnerships (the Diversification Tests ). 

We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as PIK interest and deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of the loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Because any original issue discount or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for 
 25 

the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy the distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted in certain circumstances to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 In accordance with certain applicable Treasury regulations and a revenue procedure issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder may elect to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20 of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each stockholder electing to receive cash must receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20 (or 10 , if applicable) of his or her entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. We have no current intention of paying dividends in shares of our stock in accordance with these Treasury regulations or the revenue procedure. 
 Failure to Maintain our Qualification as a RIC 
 If we fail to satisfy the 90 Income Test or the Diversification Tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless continue to qualify as a RIC for such year if certain relief provisions are applicable (which may, among other things, require us to pay certain corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes or to dispose of certain assets). 
 If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC and the foregoing relief provisions are not applicable, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any distributions to our stockholders. Distributions would not be required, and any distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income that, subject to certain limitations, may be eligible for the 20 maximum rate to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits provided certain holding period and other requirements were met. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. To requalify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to satisfy the RIC qualification requirements for that year and dispose of any earnings and profits from any year in which we failed to qualify as a RIC. Subject to a limited exception applicable to RICs that qualified as such under Subchapter M of the Code for at least one year prior to disqualification and that requalify as a RIC no later than the second year following the nonqualifying year, we could be subject to tax on any unrealized net built-in gains in the assets held by us during the period in which we failed to qualify as a RIC that are recognized within the subsequent five years, unless we made a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on such built-in gain at the time of our requalification as a RIC. 
 The NASDAQ Stock Market Corporate Governance Regulations 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ICMB . The NASDAQ Stock Market has adopted corporate governance regulations with which listed companies must comply. We are in compliance with such corporate governance listing standards applicable to BDCs. 
 26 

Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a particular industry in which a number of our investments are concentrated. 

 Risks related to the transition away from LIBOR. 

 Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Common Stock We cannot assure you that the market price of shares of our common stock will not decline. 

 There is a risk that you may not receive distributions or that our distributions may not grow over time or a portion of your distributions may be a return of capital. 

 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

 Risks Relating to an Investment in Our Notes The indenture under which our 4.875 notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes are issued contains limited protection for holders of the 2026 Notes. 

 There is no active trading market for the 2026 Notes. If an active trading market does not develop for the 2026 Notes, you may not be able to sell them. 

 Risks Relating to U.S. Federal Income Tax We will be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to maintain our qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 

 We cannot predict how tax reform legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. 

 Risks Relating to the Current Environment The COVID-19 pandemic has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. economy and has disrupted financial activity in the areas in which we or our portfolio companies operate. 

 Global economic, regulatory and market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. 

 with potential investment opportunities. If the Adviser or members of the Investment Team fail to maintain such relationships, or to develop new relationships with other sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom the Adviser has relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and we can offer no assurance that these relationships will generate investment opportunities for us in the future. Our relationship with Investcorp may create conflicts of interest. Investcorp has an approximate 76 interest in the Adviser. Pursuant to the Investcorp Services Agreement, the Adviser is able to utilize personnel of Investcorp International and its affiliates to provide services to the Company from time-to-time on an as-needed basis related to human resources, compensation and technology services. The Adviser may rely on the Investcorp Services Agreement to satisfy its obligations under the Administration Agreement. The personnel of Investcorp International may also provide services for the funds managed by Investcorp, which could result in conflicts of interest and may distract them from their responsibilities to us. There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could negatively affect our investment returns. There may be times when the Adviser or the members of the Investment Team have interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to conflicts of interest. The members of the Investment Committee and the Investment Team serve, or may serve, as officers, directors, members, or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds, accounts, or investment vehicles managed by the Adviser, Investcorp or their affiliates. Similarly, the Adviser or the members of the Investment Team may have other clients with similar, different or competing investment objectives. In serving in these multiple capacities, they may have obligations to other clients or investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which may not be in the best interests of us or our stockholders. In addition, the Adviser and some of its affiliates, including our officers and our non-Independent Directors, are not prohibited from raising money for, or managing, another investment entity that makes the same types of investments as those we target. In addition, another investment account or vehicle managed or controlled by the Adviser or its affiliates may hold securities, loans or other instruments of a portfolio company in a different class or a different part of the capital structure than securities, loans or other instruments of such portfolio company held by us. As a result, such other investment account or vehicle or such other client of the Adviser or its affiliates may pursue or enforce rights or activities, or refrain from pursuing or enforcing rights or activities, on behalf of its own account, that could have an adverse effect on us. The members of the Investment Team may, from time to time, possess material non-public information, limiting our investment discretion. Members of the Investment Team may serve as directors of, or in a similar capacity with, portfolio companies in which we invest. In the event that material nonpublic information is obtained with respect to such companies, or we become subject to trading restrictions under the internal trading policies of those companies or as a result of applicable law or regulations, we could be prohibited for a period of time from purchasing or selling the securities of such companies, and this prohibition may have an adverse effect on us. Because we finance our investments with borrowed money, the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us is magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. The use of leverage magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested. The use of leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. If we continue to use leverage to partially finance our investments through banks, insurance companies and other lenders, you will experience increased risks of investment in our common stock. Lenders of these funds have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such lenders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. As of June 30, 2023, substantially all of our assets were pledged as collateral under the Capital One Revolving Financing. In addition, under the terms of the Capital One Revolving Financing and any borrowing facility or other debt instrument we may enter into, we are likely to be required to use the net proceeds of any investments that we sell to repay a portion of the amount borrowed under such facility or instrument before applying such net proceeds to any other uses. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged, thereby magnifying losses or eliminating our stake in a leveraged investment. Similarly, any decrease in our revenue or income will cause our net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Such a decline would also negatively affect our ability to make distributions with respect to our common stock or preferred stock. Our ability to service any debt will depend largely on our financial performance and will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and competitive pressures. Moreover, as the Base Management Fee payable to the Adviser will be payable based on the value of our gross assets, including those assets acquired through the use of leverage, the Adviser will have a financial incentive to incur leverage, which may not be consistent with our stockholders interests. In addition, our common stockholders will bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of our use of leverage, including interest expenses and any increase in the Base Management Fee payable to the Adviser. As a BDC, we generally are required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . If this ratio declines below 150 , we will not be able to incur additional debt and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is otherwise disadvantageous for us to do so. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations, and we may not be able to make distributions. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on the Adviser s and our board of directors assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain credit at all or on terms acceptable to us. 

(1) Assumes 232.1 million in total assets, 135.5 million in debt outstanding, 88.0 million in net assets, and an average cost of funds of 5.00 . Actual interest payments may be different. 

In addition, our debt facilities may impose financial and operating covenants that restrict our business activities, including limitations that hinder our ability to finance additional loans and investments or to make the distributions required to maintain our qualification as a RIC under the Code. We may default under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any future borrowing facility we enter into or be unable to amend, repay or refinance any such facility on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In the event we default under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other future borrowing facility, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion of our investments quickly and prematurely at prices that may be disadvantageous to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations and/or support working capital requirements under the Capital One Revolving Financing or such future borrowing facility, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, following any such default, the agent for the lenders under the Capital One Revolving Financing or such future borrowing facility could assume control of the disposition of any or all of our assets, including the selection of such assets to be disposed and the timing of such disposition, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Provisions in the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other future borrowing facility may limit our discretion in operating our business. The Capital One Revolving Financing is, and any future borrowing facility may be, backed by all or a portion of our loans and securities on which the lenders in the Capital One Revolving Financing will or, in the case of a future facility, may have a security interest. We may pledge up to 100 of our assets and may grant a security interest in all of our assets under the terms of any debt instrument we enter into with lenders. We expect that any security interests we grant will be set forth in a pledge and security agreement and evidenced by the filing of financing statements by the agent for the lenders. In addition, we expect that the custodian for our securities serving as collateral for such loan would include in its electronic systems notices indicating the existence of such security interests and, following notice of occurrence of an event of default, if any, and during its continuance, will only accept transfer instructions with respect to any such securities from the lender or its designee. If we were to default under the terms of any debt instrument, the agent for the applicable lenders would be able to assume control of the timing of disposition of any or all of our assets securing such debt, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, any security interests as well as negative covenants under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other borrowing facility may limit our ability to create liens on assets to secure additional debt and may make it difficult for us to restructure or refinance indebtedness at or prior to maturity or obtain additional debt or equity financing. In addition, if our borrowing base under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other borrowing facility were to decrease, we would be required to secure additional assets in an amount equal to any borrowing base deficiency. In the event that all of our assets are secured at the time of such a borrowing base deficiency, we could be required to repay advances under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other borrowing facility or make deposits to a collection account, either of which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to fund future investments and to make stockholder distributions. In addition, under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any future borrowing facility we will be subject to limitations as to how borrowed funds may be used, which may include restrictions on geographic and industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, collateral interests and investment ratings, as well as regulatory restrictions on leverage, which may affect the amount of funding that may be obtained. There may also be certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, a violation of which could limit further advances and, in some cases, result in an event of default. An event of default under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other borrowing facility could result in an accelerated maturity date for all amounts outstanding thereunder, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. This could reduce our revenues and, by delaying any cash payment allowed to us under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any other borrowing facility until the lenders have been paid in full, reduce our liquidity and cash flow and impair our ability to grow our business and maintain our qualification as a RIC. Because we borrow money to make our investments, if market interest rates were to increase, our cost of capital could increase, which could reduce our net investment income. Because we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates would not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income in the event we use debt to finance our investments. In periods of rising interest rates, our cost of funds would increase, which could reduce our net investment income. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. Such techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent permitted by the 1940 Act. There is no limit on our ability to enter derivative transactions. In addition, a rise in the general level of interest rates typically leads to higher interest rates applicable to our debt investments. Accordingly, an increase in interest rates may result in an increase of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income and, as a result, an increase in incentive fees payable to the Adviser. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on our ability to manage our business effectively. Our ability to achieve our investment objective will depend on our ability to manage our business and to grow our investments and earnings. This will depend, in turn, on the Adviser s ability to identify, invest in and monitor portfolio companies that meet our investment criteria. The achievement of our investment objective on a cost-effective basis will depend upon the Adviser s execution of our investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services to us and, to a lesser extent, our access to financing on acceptable terms. The Adviser s investment professionals may have substantial responsibilities in connection with the management of other investment funds, accounts and investment vehicles. The personnel of the Adviser may also be called upon to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. These activities may distract them from identifying new investment opportunities for us or slow our rate of investment. Any failure to manage our business and our future growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The involvement of our interested directors in the valuation process may create conflicts of interest. We expect to make most of our portfolio investments in the form of loans and securities that are not publicly traded and for which there are limited or no market-based price quotations available. As a result, our board of directors will determine the fair value of these loans and securities in good faith as described below in Most of our portfolio investments will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. In connection with that determination, investment professionals from the Adviser may provide our board of directors with valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements available and projected financial results of each portfolio company. While the valuations for portfolio investments will be reviewed by an independent valuation firm periodically, the ultimate determination of fair value will be made by our board of directors and not by such third-party valuation firm. In addition, Mr. Mauer, an interested member of our board of directors, has a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the Adviser. The participation of the Adviser s investment professionals in our valuation process, and the pecuniary interest in the Adviser by Mr. Mauer, could result in a conflict of interest as the Adviser s management fee is based, in part, on the value of our gross assets, and our incentive fees will be based, in part, on realized gains and realized and unrealized losses. We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities, which could reduce returns and result in losses. A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we make. We compete with public and private funds, other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial financing companies and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity and hedge funds. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some of our competitors may have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source-of-income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to maintain our RIC qualification. The competitive pressures we face may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time, and we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objective. With respect to the investments we make, we do not seek to compete based primarily on the interest rates we offer, and we believe that some of our competitors may make loans with interest rates that will be lower than the rates we offer. With respect to all investments, we may lose some investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and structure. However, if we match our competitors pricing, terms and structure, we may experience decreased net interest income, lower yields and increased risk of credit loss. We may need to raise additional capital to grow because we must distribute most of our income. We may need additional capital to fund new investments and grow our portfolio of investments. We intend to access the capital markets periodically to issue debt or equity securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital. Unfavorable economic conditions could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. A reduction in the availability of new capital could limit our ability to grow. In addition, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our stockholders to maintain our qualification as a RIC. As a result, these earnings will not be available to fund new investments. An inability on our part to access the capital markets successfully could limit our ability to grow our business and execute our business strategy fully and could decrease our earnings, if any, which would have an adverse effect on the value of our securities. Our distributions to stockholders may be funded, in part, from waivers of investment advisory fees by the Adviser. To the extent any distributions by us are funded through waivers of the incentive fee portion of our investment advisory fees such distributions will not be based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in future periods and/or the Adviser continues to waive such fees. Any such waivers in no way imply that the Adviser will waive incentive fees in any future period. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the performance necessary or that the Adviser will waive all or any portion of the incentive fee necessary to be able to pay distributions at a specific rate or at all. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, which we refer to collectively as senior securities, up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act generally prohibits us from incurring indebtedness unless immediately after such borrowing we have an asset coverage for total borrowings of at least 150 (i.e., the amount of debt may not exceed 66 and 2 / 3 of the value of our assets). On May 2, 2018, our board of directors, including a required majority approved the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. As a result, our asset coverage requirements for senior securities changed from 200 to 150 , effective May 2, 2019. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test. If that happens, we would not be able to borrow additional funds until we were able to comply with the 150 asset coverage ratio under the 1940 Act. Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common stockholders. If we issue senior securities, we will be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. Under the 1940 Act, we generally are prohibited from issuing or selling our common stock at a price below net asset value per share, which may be a disadvantage as compared with certain public companies. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options, or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the current net asset value of our common stock if our Board and Independent Directors determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, and our shareholders, including a majority of those shareholders that are not affiliated with us, approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, closely approximates the fair value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount). If we raise additional funds by issuing common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage ownership of our shareholders at that time will decrease and you will experience dilution. Our ability to enter into transactions involving derivatives and financial commitment transactions may be limited. We may invest in derivatives and other assets that are subject to many of the same types of risks related to the use of leverage. In October 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 18f-4 under the 1940 Act regarding the ability of a BDC to use derivatives and other transactions that create future payment or delivery obligations. Under Rule 18f-4, BDCs that use derivatives are subject to a value-at-risk leverage limit, a derivatives risk management program and testing requirements and requirements related to board reporting. These requirements apply unless the BDC qualifies as a limited derivatives user, as defined under Rule 18f-4. Under Rule 18f-4, a BDC may enter into an unfunded commitment agreement (which may include delayed draw and revolving loans) that will not be deemed to be a derivatives transaction, such as an agreement to provide financing to a portfolio company, if the BDC has, among other things, a reasonable belief, at the time it enters into such an agreement, that it will have sufficient cash and cash equivalents to meet its obligations with respect to all of its unfunded commitment agreements, in each case as it becomes due. Collectively, these requirements may limit our ability to use derivatives and/or enter into certain other financial contracts. We have adopted updated policies and procedures in compliance with Rule 18f-4. We do not expect to enter into derivatives transactions. Future legislation or rules may modify how we treat derivatives and other financial arrangements for purposes of our compliance with the leverage limitations of the 1940 Act. Future legislation or rules may modify how leverage is calculated under the 1940 Act and, therefore, may increase or decrease the amount of leverage currently available to us under the 1940 Act, which may be materially adverse to us and our shareholders. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to maintain our qualification as a BDC or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. We believe that most of the investments that we may acquire in the future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe to be attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we do not maintain our status as a BDC, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act, which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility. Substantially all of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors and, as a result, there may be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. Substantially all of our portfolio investments are securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of loans, securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable, and we will value these investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors, including to reflect significant events affecting the value of our investments. Most, if not all, of our investments (other than cash and cash equivalents) will be classified as Level 3 under ASC 820. This means that our portfolio valuations will be based on unobservable inputs and our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability in question. Inputs into the determination of fair value of our portfolio investments require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data are available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information or broker quotes, which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimers materially reduces the reliability of such information. We have retained the services of independent service providers to review the valuation of these loans and securities. The types of factors that the board of directors may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments generally include, as appropriate, comparison to publicly traded securities including such factors as yield, maturity and measures of credit quality, the enterprise value of a portfolio company, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates, our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these loans and securities existed. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such loans and securities. We adjust quarterly the valuation of our portfolio to reflect our board of directors determination of the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. Any changes in fair value are recorded in our statement of operations as net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation. Efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act involve significant expenditures, and if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. We are subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. Under current SEC rules, we are required to report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and regulations of the SEC thereunder. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our consolidated financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. As a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. As of June 30, 2023, we are a non-accelerated filer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and, therefore, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Therefore, our internal controls over financial reporting will not receive the level of review provided by the process relating to the auditor attestation included in annual reports of issuers that are subject to the auditor attestation requirements. In addition, we cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and trading price for our common stock may be negatively affected. Our board of directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. Our board of directors has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the 1940 Act, to modify or waive our investment objective or certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and the market price of our common stock. Nevertheless, any such changes could adversely affect our business and impair our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and of our charter and bylaws could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. Our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered terms. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain additional provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. or the removal of our directors. We are subject to the Maryland Business Combination Act, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. Our board of directors has adopted a resolution exempting from the Business Combination Act any business combination between us and any other person, subject to prior approval of such business combination by our board of directors, including approval by a majority of the Independent Directors. If the resolution exempting business combinations is repealed or our board of directors does not approve a business combination, the Business Combination Act may discourage third parties from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such an offer. Our bylaws exempt from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act Control Share Acquisition Act acquisitions of our stock by any person. If we amend our bylaws to repeal the exemption from the Control Share Acquisition Act, the Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. The SEC staff has rescinded its position that, under the 1940 Act, an investment company may not avail itself of the Control Share Acquisition Act. As a result, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Acquisition Act only if our board of directors determines it would be in our best interest. We have also adopted measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our charter classifying our board of directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and authorizing our board of directors to classify or reclassify shares of our stock in one or more classes or series, to cause the issuance of additional shares of our stock, to amend our charter without stockholder approval and to increase or decrease the number of shares of stock that we have authority to issue. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our charter and bylaws, may delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 PIK interest payments we receive will increase our assets under management and, as a result, will increase the amount of Base Management Fees and Incentive Fees payable by us to the Adviser. Certain of our debt investments contain provisions providing for the payment of PIK interest. Because PIK interest results in an increase in the size of the loan balance of the underlying loan, the receipt by us of PIK interest will have the effect of increasing our assets under management. As a result, because the Base Management Fee that we pay to the Adviser is based on the value of our gross assets, receipt of PIK interest will result in an increase in the amount of the Base Management Fee payable by us. In addition, any such increase in a loan balance due to the receipt of PIK interest will cause such loan to accrue interest on the higher loan balance, which will result in an increase in our pre-incentive fee net investment income and, as a result, an increase in incentive fees that are payable to the Adviser. Our incentive fee arrangements with the Adviser may vary from those of other investment funds, account or investment vehicles that the Adviser may manage in the future, which may create an incentive for the Adviser to devote time and resources to a higher fee-paying fund. If the Adviser is paid a higher performance-based fee from any other fund that it may manage in the future, it may have an incentive to devote more research and development or other activities, and/or recommend the allocation of investment opportunities, to such higher fee-paying fund. For example, to the extent the Adviser s incentive compensation is not subject to a hurdle or total return requirement with respect to another fund, it may have an incentive to devote time and resources to such other fund. As a result, the investment professionals of the Adviser may devote time and resources to a higher fee-paying fund. The Adviser s liability is limited under the Advisory Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser against certain liabilities, which may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services called for under that agreement. It will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors in following or declining to follow the Adviser s advice or recommendations. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser, its officers, members and personnel, and any person controlling or controlled by the Adviser will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our directors, our stockholders or any subsidiary s stockholders or partners for acts or omissions performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, except those resulting from acts constituting gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of the duties that the Adviser owes to us under the Advisory Agreement. In addition, as part of the Advisory Agreement, we have agreed to indemnify the Adviser and each of its officers, directors, members, managers and employees from and against any claims or liabilities, including reasonable legal fees and other expenses reasonably incurred, arising out of or in connection with our business and operations or any action taken or omitted on our behalf pursuant to authority granted by the Advisory Agreement, except where attributable to gross negligence, willful misconduct, bad faith or reckless disregard of such person s duties under the Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. The Adviser can resign as the Adviser or administrator upon 60 days notice and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, or at all, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. The Adviser has the right under the Advisory Agreement to resign as the Adviser at any time upon not less than 60 days written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. Similarly, the Adviser has the right under the Administration Agreement to resign at any time upon not less than 60 days written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If the Adviser were to resign, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or administrator or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our shares may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment or administrative activities, as applicable, is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Adviser. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There are conflicts related to other arrangements with the Adviser. We have entered into a license agreement with the Adviser under which the Adviser has agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Investcorp. See Business Management Agreements License Agreement. In addition, we have entered into the Administration Agreement with the Adviser pursuant to which we are required to pay to the Adviser our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Adviser in performing its obligations under such Administration Agreement, such as rent, equipment and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and his respective staff s compensation and compensation-related expenses. This will create conflicts of interest that our board of directors will monitor. For example, under the terms of the license agreement, we will be unable to preclude the Adviser from licensing or transferring the ownership of the Investcorp name to third parties, some of whom may compete against us. Consequently, we will be unable to prevent any damage to goodwill that may occur as a result of the activities of the Adviser or others. Furthermore, in the event the license agreement is terminated, we will be required to change our name and cease using Investcorp as part of our name. Any of these events could disrupt our recognition in the market place, damage any goodwill we may have generated and otherwise harm our business. 
 principal market and enterprise values. 

 When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we use the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate our valuation. We record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Declines in prices and liquidity in the corporate debt markets may result in significant net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. The effect of all of these factors on our portfolio may reduce our net asset value by increasing net unrealized depreciation in our portfolio. Depending on market conditions, we could incur substantial realized losses and may suffer additional unrealized losses in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may hold the loans and debt securities of leveraged companies that may, due to the significant operating volatility typical of such companies, enter into bankruptcy proceedings, and we could lose all or part of our investment, which would harm our operating results. Investment in leveraged companies involves a number of significant risks. Leveraged companies in which we invest may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold. Such developments may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees that we may have obtained in connection with our investment. Smaller leveraged companies also may have less predictable operating results and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance their expansion or maintain their competitive position. Leveraged companies may also experience bankruptcy or similar financial distress. The bankruptcy process has a number of significant inherent risks. Many events in a bankruptcy proceeding are the product of contested matters and adversarial proceedings and are beyond the control of the creditors. A bankruptcy filing by a portfolio company may adversely and permanently affect that company. If the proceeding is converted to a liquidation, the value of the portfolio company may not equal the liquidation value that was believed to exist at the time of the investment. The duration of a bankruptcy proceeding is also difficult to predict, and a creditor s return on investment can be adversely affected by delays until the plan of reorganization or liquidation ultimately becomes effective. The administrative costs in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding are frequently high and would be paid out of the debtor s estate prior to any return to creditors. Because the standards for classification of claims under bankruptcy law are vague, our influence with respect to the class of securities or other obligations we own may be lost by increases in the number and amount of claims in the same class or by different classification and treatment. In the early stages of the bankruptcy process, it is often difficult to estimate the extent of, or even to identify, any contingent claims that might be made. In addition, certain claims that have priority by law (for example, claims for taxes) may be substantial. A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its loans and foreclosure on its assets. This could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize such portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the loans or debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. Credit risk is the potential loss we may incur from a failure of a company to make payments according to the terms of a contract. We are subject to credit risk because of our strategy of investing in the debt of leveraged companies and our involvement in derivative instruments. Our exposure to credit risk on our investments is limited to the fair value of the investments. Our derivative contracts are executed pursuant to an International Swaps and Derivatives Association master agreement. Any material exposure due to counter-party risk under the Capital One Revolving Financing, generally, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. If one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, even though we may have structured our interest as senior debt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we may have actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. In addition, lenders can be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by them where they become too involved in the borrower s business or exercise control over the borrower. It is possible that we could become subject to a lender s liability claim, including as a result of actions taken if we actually render significant managerial assistance. Our investments in private and middle-market portfolio companies are risky, and we could lose all or part of our investment. Investment in private and middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks. Generally, little public information exists about these companies, and we will rely on the ability of the Adviser s investment professionals to obtain adequate information to evaluate the potential returns and risks from investing in these companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision, and we may lose money on our investments. Middle-market companies may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their loans and debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of our realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment. In addition, such companies typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns. Additionally, middle-market companies are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons. Therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on one or more of the portfolio companies we invest in and, in turn, on us. Middle-market companies also may be parties to litigation and may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence. In addition, our executive officers, directors and investment adviser may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in portfolio companies. Our investments may include PIK interest. To the extent that we invest in loans with a PIK interest component and the accretion of PIK interest constitutes a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with the requirement to include such non-cash income in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: loans with a PIK interest component may have higher interest rates that reflect the payment deferral and increased credit risk associated with these instruments, and PIK instruments generally represent a significantly higher credit risk than coupon loans; 

 loans with a PIK interest component may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require continuing judgments about the collectability of the deferred payments and the value of any associated collateral; 

 the deferral of PIK interest increases the loan-to-value ratio, which is a fundamental measure of loan risk; and 

 even if the accounting conditions for PIK interest accrual are met, the borrower could still default when the borrower s actual payment is due at the maturity of the loan. 

 We may expose ourselves to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. If we engage in hedging transactions, we may expose ourselves to risks associated with such transactions. We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates. Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline. However, such hedging can establish other positions designed to gain from those same developments, thereby offsetting the decline in the value of such portfolio positions. Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions should increase. Moreover, it may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is so generally anticipated that we are not able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price. The success of our hedging transactions will depend on our ability to correctly predict movements in currencies and interest rates. Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions to seek to reduce currency exchange rate and interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in currency exchange rates or interest rates may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in a hedging strategy and price movements in the portfolio positions being hedged may vary. Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss. In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. Beyond the asset diversification requirements associated with our qualification as a RIC under the Code, we do not have fixed guidelines for diversification. To the extent that we assume large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers or our investments are concentrated in relatively few industries, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries, which may subject us to a risk of significant loss if there is a downturn in a particular industry in which a number of our investments are concentrated. Our portfolio may be concentrated in a limited number of industries. A downturn in any particular industry in which we are invested could significantly impact the aggregate returns we realize. As of June 30, 2023, our investments in the trading companies distributors industry represented approximately 15.98 of the fair value of our portfolio, our investments in the professional services industry represented approximately 12.83 of the fair value of our portfolio, and our investments in the IT services industry represented approximately 10.71 of the fair value of our portfolio. If an industry in which we have significant investments suffers from adverse business or economic conditions, as these industries have to varying degrees, a material portion of our investment portfolio could be affected adversely, which, in turn, could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. Our investments in the trading companies distributors industry face considerable uncertainties including significant regulatory challenges. Our investments in portfolio companies that operate in the trading companies distributors industry represent approximately 15.98 of our total portfolio as of June 30, 2023. Portfolio companies in the trading companies distributors sector are subject to many risks, including the negative impact of regulation, a competitive marketplace, decreased consumer demand and supply-chain disruptions. Adverse economic, business, or regulatory developments affecting the trading companies distributors sector, including trade policies, treaties and tariffs between the United States and other countries, could have a negative impact on the value of our investments in portfolio companies operating in this industry, and therefore could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Our investments in the professional services industry face considerable uncertainties including significant regulatory challenges. Our investments in portfolio companies that operate in the professional services industry represent approximately 12.83 of our total portfolio as of June 30, 2023. Our investments in portfolio companies in the professional services sector include those that provide services related to data and information, building, cleaning and maintenance services, and energy efficiency services. Portfolio companies in the professional services sector are subject to many risks, including the negative impact of regulation, changing technology, a competitive marketplace and difficulty in obtaining financing. Portfolio companies in the professional services industry must respond quickly to technological changes and understand the impact of these changes on customers preferences. Adverse economic, business, or regulatory developments affecting the professional services sector could have a negative impact on the value of our investments in portfolio companies operating in this industry, and therefore could negatively impact our business and results of operations. Our investments in the IT Services industries face considerable uncertainties including substantial regulatory challenges. Our investments in portfolio companies that operate in the IT Services industry represented approximately 10.71 in the aggregate, of our total portfolio as of June 30, 2023. The value of our investments in information technology companies may decline if they are not able to commercialize their technology, products, business concepts or services. Additionally, although some of our portfolio companies may already have a commercially successful product or product line at the time of our investment, information technology, e-commerce, life science, and energy technology-related products and services often have a more limited market or life span than products in other industries. The ultimate success of these companies often depends on their ability to continually innovate in increasingly competitive markets. If they are unable to do so, our investment returns could be adversely affected and their ability to service their debt obligations to us could be impaired. Our portfolio companies may be unable to successfully acquire or develop any new products, and the intellectual property they currently hold may not remain viable. Even if our portfolio companies are able to develop commercially viable products, the market for new products and services is highly competitive and rapidly changing. Neither our portfolio companies nor we will have any control over the pace of technology development. Commercial success is difficult to predict, and the marketing efforts of our portfolio companies may not be successful. Our failure to make follow-on investments in our portfolio companies could impair the value of our portfolio. Following an initial investment in a portfolio company, we may make additional investments in that portfolio company as follow-on investments, including exercising warrants, options or convertible securities that were acquired in the original or subsequent financing; in seeking to: increase or maintain in whole or in part our position as a creditor or our equity ownership percentage in a portfolio company; 

 preserve or enhance the value of our investment. 

 We have discretion to make follow-on investments, subject to the availability of capital resources. Failure on our part to make follow-on investments may, in some circumstances, jeopardize the continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our level of risk, because we prefer other opportunities or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements of the 1940 Act or the desire to maintain our qualification as a RIC. Because we generally do not hold controlling equity interests in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to exercise control over our portfolio companies or to prevent decisions by management of our portfolio companies that could decrease the value of our investments. We do not hold controlling equity positions in any of the portfolio companies included in our portfolio and, although we may do so in the future, we do not currently intend to hold controlling equity positions in our portfolio companies. As a result, we will be subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and that the management and/or stockholders of a portfolio company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that are adverse to our interests. Due to the lack of liquidity of the debt and equity investments that we expect to hold in our portfolio companies, we may not be able to dispose of our investments in the event we disagree with the actions of a portfolio company and may therefore suffer a decrease in the value of our investments. Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and ability to make stockholder distributions and result in a decline in the market price of our shares. We are subject to the risk that the debt investments we make in portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. We expect that our investments will generally allow for repayment at any time subject to certain penalties. When this occurs, we intend to generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in accordance with our investment strategy. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid, and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elects to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our ability to make, or the amount of, stockholder distributions with respect to our common stock, which could result in a decline in the market price of our shares. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. We intend to invest a portion of our capital in second lien and subordinated loans issued by our portfolio companies. The portfolio companies usually have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the loans in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders are entitled to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the loans in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. After repaying senior creditors, a portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with loans in which we invest, we would have to share any distributions on an equal and ratable basis with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. Additionally, certain loans that we may make to portfolio companies may be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior secured debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the loans. The holders of obligations secured by first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the loan obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. We may also make unsecured loans to portfolio companies, meaning that such loans will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio company s obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured loan agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured loan obligations after payment in full of all secured loan obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured loan obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the loans we make to our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more intercreditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of such senior debt. Under a typical intercreditor agreement, at any time that obligations that have the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral; 

 the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings; 

 the approval of amendments to collateral documents; 

 releases of liens on the collateral; and 

 waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. 

 We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. We currently expect that substantially all of our investments will involve loans and private securities. In connection with the disposition of such an investment, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately result in funding obligations that we must satisfy through our return of distributions previously made to us. Risks related to the transition away from LIBOR. Following their publication on June 30, 2023, no settings of LIBOR continue to be published on a representative basis and publication of many non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings has been entirely discontinued. On July 29, 2021, the U.S. Federal Reserve System, in conjunction with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, formally recommended replacing U.S.-dollar LIBOR with SOFR, a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, backed by Treasury securities. In April 2018, the Bank of England began publishing its proposed alternative rate, the Sterling Overnight Index Average SONIA ). Each of SOFR and SONIA significantly differ from LIBOR, both in the actual rate and how it is calculated. Further, on March 15, 2022, the Consolidation Appropriations Act of 2022, which includes the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act LIBOR Act ), was signed into law in the United States. This legislation establishes a uniform benchmark replacement process for certain financial contracts that mature after June 30, 2023 that do not contain clearly defined or practicable LIBOR fallback provisions. The legislation also creates a safe harbor that shields lenders from litigation if they choose to utilize a replacement rate recommended by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve. In addition, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), which regulates the publisher of LIBOR (ICE Benchmark Administration) has announced that it will require the continued publication of the one-, three- and six-month tenors of U.S.-dollar LIBOR on a non-representative synthetic basis until the end of September 2024, which may result in certain non-U.S. law-governed contracts and U.S. law-governed contracts not covered by the federal legislation remaining on synthetic U.S.-dollar LIBOR until the end of this period. Although the transition process away from LIBOR has become increasingly well-defined (e.g. the LIBOR Act now provides a uniform benchmark replacement for certain LIBOR-based instruments in the United States), the transition process is complex and it could cause a disruption in the credit markets generally and could have adverse impacts on our business financial condition and results of operations, including, among other things, increased volatility or illiquidity in markets for instruments that continue to rely on LIBOR or which have been transitioned away from LIBOR to a different rate like SOFR and, in any case, could result in a reduction in the value of certain investments held by the Company. We may not realize gains from our equity investments. When we invest in loans and debt securities, we may acquire warrants or other equity securities of portfolio companies as well. We may also invest in equity securities directly. To the extent we hold equity investments, we will attempt to dispose of them and realize gains upon our disposition of them. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and may decline in value. As a result, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests, and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 
 dividend (whether received in cash, our stock, or combination thereof) as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly designated as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be required to pay tax with respect to such dividends in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. If a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. Stockholders may experience dilution in their ownership percentage if they do not participate in our dividend reinvestment plan. All distributions declared in cash payable to stockholders that are participants in our dividend reinvestment plan are generally automatically reinvested in shares of our common stock. As a result, stockholders that do not participate in the dividend reinvestment plan may experience dilution over time. Stockholders who receive distributions in shares of common stock may experience accretion to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our stockholders who participate in the plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the distribution payable to a stockholder. Our shares might trade at premiums that are unsustainable or at discounts from net asset value. Shares of BDCs like us may, during some periods, trade at prices higher than their net asset value per share and, during other periods, as frequently occurs with closed-end investment companies, trade at prices lower than their net asset value per share. The perceived value of our investment portfolio may be affected by a number of factors including perceived prospects for individual companies we invest in, market conditions for common stock generally, for initial public offerings and other exit events for venture capital backed companies, and the mix of companies in our investment portfolio over time. Negative or unforeseen developments affecting the perceived value of companies in our investment portfolio could result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock relative to our net asset value per share. The possibility that our shares will trade at a discount from net asset value or at premiums that are unsustainable are risks separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value per share will decrease. The risk of purchasing shares of a BDC that might trade at a discount or unsustainable premium is more pronounced for investors who wish to sell their shares in a relatively short period of time because, for those investors, realization of a gain or loss on their investments is likely to be more dependent upon changes in premium or discount levels than upon increases or decreases in net asset value per share. Investing in our common stock may involve an above average degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment objective may result in a higher amount of risk, and higher volatility or loss of principal, than alternative investment options. Our investments in portfolio companies may be speculative and, therefore, an investment in our common stock may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. The market price and liquidity of the market for our securities may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

 investor demand for our shares; 

 significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of BDCs or other companies in our sector, which is not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; 

 changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; 

 loss of our qualification as a RIC or BDC; 

 changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 

 changes in the value of our portfolio of investments; 

 increases in the interest rates we pay; 

 changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments; 

 any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; 

 departure of the Adviser s key personnel; 

 change in the Adviser s relationship with Investcorp under the Investcorp Services Agreement; 

 operating performance of companies comparable to us; and 

 general economic trends and other external factors. 

 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Due to the potential volatility of our stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Our two largest investors are Investcorp and Stifel. Investcorp owns approximately 25 and Stifel owns approximately 15 of our total outstanding common stock. The shares held by Investcorp and Stifel are generally freely tradable in the public market, subject to the volume limitations, applicable holding periods and other provisions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock, the availability of such common stock for sale or the registration of such common stock for sale and the ability of our stockholders, including Investcorp and Stifel to sell their respective shares at a price per share that is below our then current net asset value per share could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for our common stock. If this occurs and continues it could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of securities should we desire to do so and negatively impact the market of our common stock. Our board of directors is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock into one or more classes of preferred stock, which could convey special rights and privileges to its owners. Under Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter, our board of directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, the board of directors will be required by Maryland law and our charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to stockholder distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, the board of directors could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or that otherwise might be in their best interest. The cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our common stockholders. The issuance of preferred shares convertible into shares of common stock may also reduce the net income and net asset value per share of our common stock upon conversion, provided, that we will only be permitted to issue such convertible preferred stock to the extent we comply with the requirements of Section 61 of the 1940 Act, including obtaining common stockholder approval. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on your investment in our common stock. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, the 1940 Act provides that holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two preferred stock directors. We currently have no plans to issue preferred stock 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had, through SPV LLC, 71.9 million in outstanding indebtedness under the Capital One Revolving Financing, which are secured by the assets held at SPV LLC. The indebtedness under the Capital One Revolving Financing is effectively senior to the 2026 Notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2026 Notes also rank pari passu with, or equal to, our general liabilities, which consist of trade and other payables, including any outstanding dividend payable, base and incentive management fees payable, interest and debt fees payable, vendor payables and accrued expenses such as auditor fees, legal fees, director fees, etc. In total, these general liabilities were 8.6 million as of June 30, 2023. The 2026 Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The 2026 Notes are obligations exclusively of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc., and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the 2026 Notes, and the 2026 Notes will not be required to be guaranteed by any subsidiary we may acquire or create in the future. Any assets of our subsidiaries will not be directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2026 Notes. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such entities (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2026 Notes) with respect to the assets of such entities. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of these entities, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such current or future subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such current or future subsidiary senior to our claims, including under the Capital One Revolving Financing. Consequently, the 2026 Notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities, including trade payables, of any of our existing or future subsidiaries. The indenture under which the 2026 Notes are issued contains limited protection for holders of the 2026 Notes. The Indenture offers limited protection to holders of the 2026 Notes. The terms of the Indenture and the 2026 Notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have a material adverse impact on your investment in the 2026 Notes. In particular, the terms of the Indenture and the 2026 Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to: issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the 2026 Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the 2026 Notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to the 2026 Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the 2026 Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, but giving effect, in either case, to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC, which generally prohibit us from incurring additional indebtedness, including through the issuance of additional debt securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such incurrence or issuance. See Regulations governing our operation as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we raise additional capital. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage . 

 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the 2026 Notes, including subordinated indebtedness, in each case other than dividends, purchases, redemptions or payments that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, giving effect to any no-action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC and upon which we may reasonably rely (or to us if we determine to seek such similar SEC no-action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act in order to maintain the BDC s status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code; 

 sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 

 enter into transactions with affiliates 

 create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 

 make investments; or 

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 

 Furthermore, the terms of the Indenture and the 2026 Notes do not protect holders of the 2026 Notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, if any, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow or liquidity. Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt (including additional debt that matures prior to the maturity of the 2026 Notes) and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the 2026 Notes may have important consequences for you as a holder of the 2026 Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 2026 Notes or negatively affecting the market value of the 2026 Notes. Other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the Indenture and the 2026 Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for trading levels and prices of the 2026 Notes. There is no active trading market for the 2026 Notes. If an active trading market does not develop for the 2026 Notes, you may not be able to sell them. The 2026 Notes are not listed on any securities exchange or for quotation on any automated dealer quotation system. As such, there currently is no trading market. If the 2026 Notes are traded in the future, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, our financial condition, performance and prospects, general economic conditions, or other relevant factors. Although the underwriter has informed us that it intends to make a market in the 2026 Notes, it is not obligated to do so, and the underwriter may discontinue any market-making activities in the 2026 Notes without notice at any time in its sole discretion. Accordingly, there is no assurance that a liquid trading market will develop or be maintained for the 2026 Notes, that holders will be able to sell the 2026 Notes at a particular time or that the price holders of the 2026 Notes receive when they sell will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for the 2026 Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, holders may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the 2026 Notes for an indefinite period of time. If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the 2026 Notes. Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including a default under the Capital One Revolving Financing or other indebtedness to which we may be a party that is not waived by the required lenders, and the remedies sought by lenders or the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the 2026 Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the 2026 Notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness (including the Capital One Revolving Financing), we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness, including the 2026 Notes. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under the Capital One Revolving Financing or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitment, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow in the future is, to some extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors as well as other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from investment activities, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the Capital One Revolving Financing or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our payment obligations under the 2026 Notes, our other debt, and to fund other liquidity needs. If our operating performance declines and we are not able to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may in the future need to refinance or restructure our debt, including any 2026 Notes sold, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, seek to raise additional capital or seek to obtain waivers from the lenders under the Capital One Revolving Financing or other debt that we may incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations under the 2026 Notes and our other debt. If we breach our covenants under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any of our other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders thereof. If this occurs, we would be in default under the Capital One Revolving Financing or other debt, the lenders or holders could exercise rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations could proceed against the collateral securing the debt, including the Capital One Revolving Financing. Because the Capital One Revolving Financing has, and any future borrowing or financing arrangements will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if we have a default under the terms of the 2026 Notes, the obligations under the Capital One Revolving Financing or any future credit facility may be accelerated and we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. We may choose to redeem the 2026 Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low. The 2026 Notes are redeemable in whole or in part upon certain conditions at any time or from time to time at our option. We may choose to redeem the 2026 Notes from time to time, especially if prevailing interest rates are lower than the rate borne by the 2026 Notes. If prevailing rates are lower at the time of redemption, and we redeem the 2026 Notes, you likely would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the 2026 Notes being redeemed. We may not be able to repurchase the 2026 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event. We may not be able to repurchase the 2026 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in the Indenture) because we may not have sufficient funds. We would not be able to borrow under the Capital One Revolving Financing to finance such a repurchase of the 2026 Notes, and we expect that any future credit facility would have similar limitations. Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, holders of the 2026 Notes may require us to repurchase for cash some or all of the 2026 Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date. The terms of the Capital One Revolving Financing also provide that certain change of control events will constitute an event of default thereunder entitling the lenders to accelerate any indebtedness outstanding under the Capital One Revolving Financing at that time and to terminate the Capital One Revolving Financing. Our and our subsidiaries future financing facilities may contain similar restrictions and provisions. Our failure to purchase such tendered Notes upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Repurchase Event would cause an event of default under the indenture governing the 2026 Notes and a cross-default under the agreements governing the Capital One Revolving Financing, which may result in the acceleration of such indebtedness requiring us to repay that indebtedness immediately. If the holders of the 2026 Notes exercise their right to require us to repurchase 2026 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, the financial effect of this repurchase could cause a default under our current and future debt instruments, and we may not have sufficient funds to repay any such accelerated indebtedness. 
 Since in certain cases we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the requirement to distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to maintain our qualification as a RIC. In such a case, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous or raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain such cash from other sources, we may fail to maintain our qualification as a RIC and thus be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax. See Business Taxation as a Regulated Investment Company. We cannot predict how tax reform legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department. Recent legislation has made many changes to the Code, including significant changes to the taxation of business entities, the deductibility of interest expense, and the tax treatment of capital investment. We cannot predict with certainty how any changes in the tax laws might affect us, our stockholders, or our portfolio investments. New legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our stockholders of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences. Investors are urged to consult with their tax adviser regarding tax legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. 
 extremely high, rates of inflation, which can last many years and have substantial negative effects on credit and securities markets as well as the economy as a whole; recessions; and difficulties in obtaining and/or enforcing legal judgments. The effects of a public health emergency may materially and adversely impact (i) the value and performance of us and our portfolio companies, (ii) the ability of our borrowers to continue to meet loan covenants or repay loans provided by us on a timely basis or at all, which may require us to restructure our investments or write down the value of our investments, (iii) our ability to repay debt obligations, on a timely basis or at all, or (iv) our ability to source, manage and divest investments and achieve our investment objectives, all of which could result in significant losses to us. We will also be negatively affected if the operations and effectiveness of the Adviser or a portfolio company (or any of the key personnel or service providers of the foregoing) is compromised or if necessary or beneficial systems and processes are disrupted. Any public health emergency or any outbreak of other existing or new epidemic diseases, or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments and our portfolio companies. The extent of the impact of any public health emergency on our and our portfolio companies operational and financial performance will depend on many factors, including the duration and scope of such public health emergency, the actions taken by governmental authorities to contain its financial and economic impact, the extent of any related travel advisories and restrictions implemented, the impact of such public health emergency on overall supply and demand, goods and services, investor liquidity, consumer confidence and levels of economic activity and the extent of its disruption to important global, regional and local supply chains and economic markets, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. In addition, our and our portfolio companies operations may be significantly impacted, or even temporarily or permanently halted, as a result of government quarantine measures, voluntary and precautionary restrictions on travel or meetings and other factors related to a public health emergency, including its potential adverse impact on the health of any of our or our portfolio companies personnel. This could create widespread business continuity issues for us and our portfolio companies. These factors may also cause the valuation of our investments to differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Any public health emergency or the threat thereof, and the resulting financial and economic market uncertainty could have a significant adverse impact on us and the fair value of our investments and our portfolio companies. Adverse developments in the credit markets may impair our ability to secure debt financing. In past economic downturns, such as the financial crisis in the United States that began in mid-2007 and during other times of extreme market volatility, many commercial banks and other financial institutions stopped lending or significantly curtailed their lending activity. In addition, in an effort to stem losses and reduce their exposure to segments of the economy deemed to be high risk, some financial institutions limited routine refinancing and loan modification transactions and even reviewed the terms of existing facilities to identify bases for accelerating the maturity of existing lending facilities. As a result, it may be difficult for us to obtain desired financing to finance the growth of our investments on acceptable economic terms, or at all, during such periods of market volatility. If we are unable to consummate borrowing or financing arrangements on commercially reasonable terms, our liquidity may be reduced significantly. If we are unable to repay amounts outstanding under any facility we may enter into and are declared in default or are unable to renew or refinance any such facility, it would limit our ability to initiate significant originations or to operate our business in the normal course. These situations may arise due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as inaccessibility of the credit markets, a severe decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, a further economic downturn or an operational problem that affects third parties or us and could materially damage our business. Further downgrades of the U.S. credit rating, impending automatic spending cuts or another government shutdown could negatively impact our liquidity, financial condition and earnings. U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the United States. Although U.S. lawmakers passed legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling on multiple occasions, including a suspension of the federal debt ceiling in June 2023, ratings agencies have lowered or threatened to lower the long-term sovereign credit rating on the United States. The impact of this or any further downgrades to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. Absent further quantitative easing by the Federal Reserve, these developments could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to rise, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets on favorable terms. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Global economic, regulatory and market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. From time to time, social and political tensions in the United States and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets, and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide. For example, U.S. and global capital markets experienced extreme volatility and disruption during the economic downturn that began in mid-2007, and the U.S. economy was in a recession for several consecutive calendar quarters during the same period. Volatility in the global financial markets resulting from relapse of the Eurozone crisis, geopolitical developments in Eastern Europe, turbulence in the Chinese stock markets and global commodity markets, the United Kingdom s departure from the European Union (the EU or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Volatility in the global financial markets could have an adverse effect on the United States and could result from a number of causes, including a relapse in the Eurozone crisis, geopolitical developments in Eastern Europe, turbulence in the Chinese stock markets and global commodity markets or otherwise. In 2010, a financial crisis emerged in Europe, triggered by high budget deficits and rising direct and contingent sovereign debt in Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain, which created concerns about the ability of these nations to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations. While the financial stability of many of such countries has improved significantly, risks resulting from any future debt crisis in Europe or any similar crisis could have a detrimental impact on the global economic recovery, sovereign and non-sovereign debt in these countries and the financial condition of European financial institutions. Market and economic disruptions have affected, and may in the future affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices, among other factors. Uncertainty between the United States and other countries with respect to trade policies, treaties and tariffs, among other factors, have caused disruptions in the global markets, including markets in which we participate. We cannot assure you that these market conditions will not continue or worsen in the future. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that market disruptions in Europe, including the increased cost of funding for certain governments and financial institutions, will not impact the global economy, and we cannot assure you that assistance packages will be available, or if available, be sufficient to stabilize countries and markets in Europe or elsewhere affected by a financial crisis. To the extent uncertainty regarding any economic recovery in Europe negatively impacts consumer confidence and consumer credit factors, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be significantly and adversely affected. The occurrence of events similar to those in recent years, such as the aftermath of the war in Iraq, instability in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt, Libya, Syria, Russia, Ukraine and the Middle East, ongoing epidemics of infectious diseases in certain parts of the world, such as the COVID-19 outbreak, terrorist attacks in the U.S. and around the world, social and political discord, debt crises, sovereign debt downgrades, continued tensions between North Korea and the United States and the international community generally, new and continued political unrest in various countries, such as Venezuela, the exit or potential exit of one or more countries from the EU or the Economic and Monetary Union, the change in the U.S. president and the new administration, among others, may result in market volatility, may have long term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets, and may cause further economic uncertainties in the U.S. and worldwide. In addition, the foreign and fiscal policies of foreign nations, such as Russia and China, may have a severe impact on the worldwide and U.S. financial markets. Capital markets disruption and economic uncertainty may make it difficult to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Capital markets disruptions and economic uncertainty may make it difficult to extend the maturity of or refinance our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness with similar terms and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. The debt capital that will be available to us in the future, if at all, may be at a higher cost and on less favorable terms and conditions than what we currently experience, including being at a higher cost in rising rate environments. If we are unable to raise or refinance debt, then our equity investors may not benefit from the potential for increased returns on equity resulting from leverage and we may be limited in our ability to make new commitments or to fund existing commitments to our portfolio companies. An inability to extend the maturity of, or refinance, our existing indebtedness or obtain new indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 disease pandemics; 

 events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and 

 cyber-attacks. 

 These events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. Increased geopolitical unrest, terrorist attacks, or acts of war may affect any market for our common stock, impact the businesses in which we invest, and harm our business, operating results, and financial conditions. Terrorist activity and the continued threat of terrorism and acts of civil or international hostility, both within the United States and abroad, as well as ongoing military and other actions and heightened security measures in response to these types of threats, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, loss of life, property damage, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Losses from terrorist attacks are generally uninsurable. Changes to United States tariff and import/export regulations may have a negative effect on our portfolio companies and, in turn, harm us. There has been ongoing discussion and commentary regarding potential significant changes to United States trade policies, treaties and tariffs. There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with respect to the trade policies, treaties and tariffs. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United States. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our portfolio companies access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn would negatively impact us. Economic sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. Economic sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions may prohibit us or our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies. In the United States, the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers and enforces laws, executive orders and regulations establishing U.S. economic and trade sanctions, which prohibit, among other things, transactions with, and the provision of services to, certain non-U.S. countries, territories, entities and individuals. These types of sanctions may significantly restrict or completely prohibit investment activities in certain jurisdictions, and if we, our portfolio companies or other issuers in which we invest were to violate any such laws or regulations, we may face significant legal and monetary penalties. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, as well as anti-boycott regulations, may also apply to and restrict our activities, our portfolio companies and other issuers of our investments. If an issuer or we were to violate any such laws or regulations, such issuer or we may face significant legal and monetary penalties. The U.S. government has indicated that it is particularly focused on FCPA enforcement, which may increase the risk that an issuer or us becomes the subject of such actual or threatened enforcement. In addition, certain commentators have suggested that private investment firms and the funds that they manage may face increased scrutiny and/or liability with respect to the activities of their underlying portfolio companies. As such, a violation of the FCPA or other applicable regulations by us or an issuer of our portfolio investments could have a material adverse effect on us. We are committed to complying with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations, as well as anti-boycott regulations, to which it is subject. As a result, we may be adversely affected because of our unwillingness to enter into transactions that violate any such laws or regulations. Impact of Russian Invasion of Ukraine The Russian invasion of Ukraine has negatively affected the global economy and has resulted in significant disruptions in financial markets and increased macroeconomic uncertainty. In addition, governments around the world have responded to Russia s invasion by imposing economic sanctions and export controls on certain industry sectors, companies and individuals in or associated with Russia. Russia has imposed its own restrictions against investors and countries outside Russia and has proposed additional measures aimed at non-Russian-owned businesses. Businesses in the U.S. and globally have experienced shortages in materials and increased costs for transportation, energy and raw materials due, in part, to the negative effects of the war on the global economy. The escalation or continuation of the war between Russia and Ukraine or other hostilities presents heightened risks relating to cyber-attacks, the frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, supply chain disruptions, inflation, as well as the potential for increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets. The extent and duration of the war, sanctions and resulting market disruptions, as well as the potential adverse consequences for our portfolio companies are difficult to predict. The effect of global climate change may impact the operations of our portfolio companies. There may be evidence of global climate change. Climate change creates physical and financial risk and some of our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by climate change. For example, the needs of customers of energy companies vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increases in the cost of energy could adversely affect the cost of operations of our portfolio companies if the use of energy products or services is material to their business. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect some of our portfolio companies financial condition, through decreased revenues. Extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stresses, including service interruptions. Energy companies could also be affected by the potential for lawsuits against or taxes or other regulatory costs imposed on greenhouse gas emitters, based on links drawn between greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including the interest rate payable on the loans and debt securities we acquire, the default rate on such loans and securities, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. In light of these factors, results for any period should not be relied upon as being indicative of performance in future periods. New or amended laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business. We and our portfolio companies will be subject to regulation by laws at the U.S. federal, state and local levels. These laws and regulations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws, regulations and interpretations may also come into effect. Any such new or changed laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations related to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourselves of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K and our filings with the SEC, and may shift our investment focus from the areas of expertise of the Adviser to other types of investments in which the Adviser may have little or no expertise or experience. Any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. We, the Adviser, and our portfolio companies may maintain cash balances at financial institutions that exceed federally insured limits and may otherwise be materially affected by adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties. Our cash and our Adviser s cash is held in accounts at U.S. banking institutions that we believe are of high quality. Cash held by us, our Adviser and by our portfolio companies in non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing operating accounts may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we, our Adviser, or our portfolio companies could lose all or a portion of those amounts held in excess of such insurance limitations. In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems, which could adversely affect our, our Adviser s and our portfolio companies business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects. Although we and our Adviser assess our and our portfolio companies banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our and our portfolio companies access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our respective current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, our Adviser or our portfolio companies, the financial institutions with which we, our Adviser or our portfolio companies have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we, our Adviser or our portfolio companies have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us, our Adviser, or our portfolio companies to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 2. 	 Properties 
 We do not own any real estate. Our principal executive offices are currently located at 280 Park Avenue 39 h Floor, New York, New York 10017. All locations are provided to us by the Adviser pursuant to the Administration Agreement. We believe that our office facilities are and will be suitable and adequate for our business as we contemplate conducting it. 
 Item 3. 	 Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us. From time to time, we may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 4. 	 Min e Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 55 

PA RT II 
 Item 5. 	 Market for Re gistrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Price Range of Common Stock 

0.15 

June 30, 2023 

Fourth quarter 

0.18 

Third quarter 

0.15 

Second quarter 

0.15 

First quarter 

0.15 

June 30, 2022 

Fourth quarter 

0.15 

Third quarter 

0.15 

Second quarter 

0.15 

First quarter 

0.15 

June 30, 2021 

Fourth quarter 

0.15 

Third quarter 

0.18 

Second quarter 

0.18 

First quarter 

0.18 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) Represents the regular and special, if applicable, distribution declared in the specified quarter. We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution, stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash distributions. See Dividend Reinvestment Plan. 

 The last reported sale price for our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on September 15, 2023 was 4.05 per share. As of September 15, 2023 , we had 31 stockholders of record, which did not include stockholders for whom shares are held in nominee or street name. 

 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price that is less than the net asset value of those shares. The possibilities that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from net asset value or at premiums that are unsustainable over the long term are separate and distinct from the risk that our net asset value will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether any common stock offered pursuant to this prospectus will trade at, above, or below net asset value. As of September 15, 2023 , our shares of common stock traded at a discount equal to approximately of the net assets attributable to those shares based upon our net asset value per share as of June 30, 2023. It is not possible to predict whether the shares offered hereby will trade at, above, or below net asset value. 
 Dividends 
 company taxable income or realized net capital gains, to the extent that such taxable income or gains are distributed, or deemed to be distributed, to stockholders on a timely basis. To qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute at least 90 of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. Depending on the level of taxable income earned in a tax year, we may choose to carry forward taxable income in excess of current year distributions into the next tax year and pay a 4 U.S. federal excise tax on such income. Any such carryover taxable income must be distributed through a dividend declared prior to filing the final tax return related to the year which generated such taxable income. We may, in the future, make actual distributions to our stockholders of our net capital gains. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we may be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. We have adopted an opt out dividend reinvestment plan DRIP for our common stockholders. As a result, if we make cash distributions, then stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they specifically opt out of the dividend reinvestment plan so as to receive cash distributions. The following table reflects, for the periods indicated, the distributions per share that our board of directors has declared on our common stock: 

Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 Distribution 
 
 Date Declared 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Pay Date 
 
 Amount Per Share 

June 30, 2024 

First Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 October 12, 2023 
 
 November 2, 2023 
 
 0.12 

First Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 September 14, 2023 
 
 October 12, 2023 
 
 November 2, 2023 
 
 0.03 

June 30, 2023 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 May 4, 2023 
 
 June 16, 2023 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 0.13 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 May 4, 2023 
 
 June 16, 2023 
 
 July 7, 2023 
 
 0.05 

Third Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 February 2, 2023 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 0.13 

Third Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 February 2, 2023 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 0.02 

Second Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 November 11, 2022 
 
 December 16, 2022 
 
 January 10, 2023 
 
 0.13 

Second Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 November 11, 2022 
 
 December 16, 2022 
 
 January 10, 2023 
 
 0.02 

First Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 August 25, 2022 
 
 September 23, 2022 
 
 October 14, 2022 
 
 0.15 

June 30, 2022 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 May 5, 2022 
 
 June 17, 2022 
 
 July 8, 2022 
 
 0.15 

Third Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 February 3, 2022 
 
 March 11, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 0.15 

Second Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 November 3, 2021 
 
 December 10, 2021 
 
 January 4, 2022 
 
 0.15 

First Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 August 25, 2021 
 
 September 24, 2021 
 
 October 14, 2021 
 
 0.15 

June 30, 2021 

Fourth Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 May 6, 2021 
 
 June 18, 2021 
 
 July 9, 2021 
 
 0.15 

Third Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 February 3, 2021 
 
 March 12, 2021 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 0.15 

Third Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 February 3, 2021 
 
 March 12, 2021 
 
 April 1, 2021 
 
 0.03 

Second Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 November 3, 2020 
 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 January 4, 2021 
 
 0.15 

Second Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 November 3, 2020 
 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 January 4, 2021 
 
 0.03 

First Quarter 
 
 Base 
 
 August 26, 2020 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 October 15, 2020 
 
 0.15 

First Quarter 
 
 Supplemental 
 
 August 26, 2020 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 October 15, 2020 
 
 0.03 

Total 

2.07 

Purchases of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 57 

Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the NASDAQ Financial Index and a customized peer group of six companies that includes Crescent Capital BDC, Inc., Stellus Capital Investment Corporation, First Eagle Alternative Capital BDC, Inc., Monroe Capital Corporation, CION Investment Corporation, and WhiteHorse Finance Inc., for the period from June 30, 2018 through June 30, 2023. The graph assumes that, on June 30, 2018 an investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) was made in our common stock (at the initial public offering price of 15.00 per share), in each index and in the peer group. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. It assumes that dividends paid are invested in like securities. 

The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the 1934 Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 Item 6. 	 [Reserved] 
 58 

Item 7. 	 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Some of the statements in this annual report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to future events or our future performance or financial condition. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 our, or our portfolio companies , future business, operations, operating results or prospects; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 

the return or impact of current and future investments; 

the impact of global health pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic or other large scale events, on our or our portfolio companies business and the global economy; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with Investcorp and its affiliates; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with lenders and other third parties; 

actual and potential conflicts of interest with the Adviser; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy, interest rates and the effects of each on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of fluctuations in interest rates on our business; 

elevating levels of inflation, and its impact on us, on our portfolio companies and on the industries in which we invest; 

the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives or service their debt obligations to us; 

the use of borrowed money to finance a portion of our investments; 

the adequacy of our financing sources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 

the ability of the Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the ability of the Adviser to attract and retain highly talented professionals; 

our ability to qualify and maintain our qualification as a RIC and as a BDC; 

our ability to obtain exemptive relief from the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ); 

the effect of changes to tax legislation and our tax position and other legislative and regulatory changes; and 

the effect of new or modified laws or regulations governing our operations. 

Such forward-looking statements may include statements preceded by, followed by or that otherwise include the words may, might, will, intend, should, could, can, would, expect, believe, estimate, anticipate, predict, potential, plan or similar words. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K on information available to us on the date of this report on Form 10-K. Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements, and future results could differ materially from historical performance. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, unless required by law or SEC rule or regulation. You are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we intend to continue to qualify to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 Our primary investment objective is to maximize total return to stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing directly in debt and related equity of privately held middle-market companies to help these companies fund 
 59 

acquisitions, growth or refinancing. We invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of standalone first and second lien, unitranche loans, and mezzanine loans. We may also invest in unsecured debt, bonds and in the equity of portfolio companies through warrants and other instruments. 
 On February 5, 2014, we priced our initial public offering, selling 7,666,666 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001, including the underwriters over-allotment, at a price of 15.00 per share with net proceeds of approximately 111.5 million. 
 CM Finance LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, commenced operations in March 2012. Immediately prior to our initial public offering, CM Finance LLC merged with and into us (the Merger ). In connection with the Merger, we issued 6,000,000 shares of common stock and 39.8 million in debt to the pre-existing CM Finance LLC investors, consisting of certain funds (the Cyrus Funds managed by Cyrus Capital. CM Finance Inc had no assets or operations prior to completion of the Merger and, as a result, the books and records of CM Finance LLC became our books and records, as the surviving entity. Immediately after the Merger, we issued 2,181,818 shares of our common stock to Stifel Venture Corp. Stifel in exchange for 32.7 million in cash. We used all of the proceeds of the sale of shares to Stifel to repurchase 2,181,818 shares of common stock from the Cyrus Funds. Immediately after the completion of the initial public offering, we had 13,666,666 shares outstanding. We also used a portion of the net proceeds of the initial public offering to repay 100 of the debt issued to the Cyrus Funds in connection with the Merger. 
 On August 30, 2019, Investcorp Credit Management Investcorp acquired an approximate 76 ownership interest in the Adviser through the acquisition of the interests held by the Cyrus Funds and Stifel and through a direct purchase of equity from the Adviser (the Investcorp Transaction ). Investcorp is a leading global credit investment platform with assets under management of 48.0 billion as of June 30, 2023. Investcorp manages funds that invest primarily in senior secured corporate debt issued by mid and large-cap corporations in Western Europe and the United States. 
 In connection with the Investcorp Transaction, on June 26, 2019, our board of directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (each, an Independent Director ), unanimously approved a new investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement and recommended that the Advisory Agreement be submitted to our stockholders for approval, which our stockholders approved at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on August 28, 2019. 
 In addition, on June 26, 2019, we entered into a definitive stock purchase and transaction agreement with Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited Investcorp BDC ), an affiliate of Investcorp (the Stock Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which, following the initial closing under the Stock Purchase Agreement on August 30, 2019 (the Closing and prior to the second anniversary of the date of the Closing, Investcorp BDC was required to purchase (i) 680,985 newly issued shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, at the most recently determined net asset value per share of our common stock at the time of such purchase, as adjusted as necessary to comply with Section 23 of the 1940 Act, and (ii) 680,985 shares of our common stock in open-market or secondary transactions. Investcorp BDC has completed all required purchases under the Stock Purchase Agreement. 
 At the Closing, we entered into the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, pursuant to which we have agreed to pay the Adviser a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee (the Base Management Fee and an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee ). The Base Management Fee is equal to 1.75 of our gross assets, payable in arrears on a quarterly basis. The Incentive Fee, which provides the Adviser with a share of the income that it generates for the Company, has two components, ordinary income (the Income-Based Fee and capital gains (the Capital Gains Fee ). The Income-Based Fee is equal to 20.0 of pre-incentive fee net investment income, subject to an annualized hurdle rate of 8.0 with a catch up fee for returns between the 8.0 hurdle and 10.0 . The Capital Gains Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, and is equal to 20.0 of the Company s cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from the Commencement Date through the end of each fiscal year, computed net of the Company s aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and the Company s aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fees. 
 At the Closing, we entered into a new administration agreement with the Adviser (the Administration Agreement ). Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser provides us with our chief financial officer, accounting and back-office professionals, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services. The terms of the Administration Agreement, including the reimbursement of expenses by the Company to the Adviser, are identical to those contained in the Company s prior administration agreement with the Adviser. 
 From time to time, we may form certain taxable subsidiaries (the Taxable Subsidiaries that are taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had no Taxable Subsidiaries. The Taxable Subsidiaries, if any, allow the Company to hold equity securities of portfolio companies organized as pass-through entities while continuing to satisfy the requirements applicable to a RIC under the Code. 
 60 

Market Developments 
 The current inflationary environment and uncertainty as to the probability of, and length and depth of a global recession could affect our portfolio companies. Government spending, government policies, including recent increases in certain interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve and other global central banks, the failures of certain regional banks earlier this year and the potential for disruptions in the availability of credit in the United States and elsewhere, in conjunction with other factors, including those described elsewhere in this Annual Report and in other filings we have made with the SEC, could affect our portfolio companies, our financial condition and our results of operations. We will continue to monitor the evolving market environment. In these circumstances, developments outside our control could require us to adjust our plan of operations and could impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future. Despite these factors, we believe we and our portfolio are well positioned to manage the current environment. For additional information, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical accounting policies 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ. Management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the financial statements. In addition to the discussion below, our critical accounting policies are further described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Valuation of portfolio investments 
 We value our portfolio investments at fair value based upon the principles and methods of valuation set forth in policies adopted by our board of directors. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Market participants are buyers and sellers in the principal (or most advantageous) market for the asset that (a) are independent of us, (b) are knowledgeable, having a reasonable understanding about the asset based on all available information (including information that might be obtained through due diligence efforts that are usual and customary), (c) are able to transact for the asset, and (d) are willing to transact for the asset or liability (that is, they are motivated but not forced or otherwise compelled to do so). 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued at such market quotations unless the quotations are deemed not to represent fair value. We generally obtain market quotations from recognized exchanges, market quotation systems, independent pricing services or one or more broker dealers or market makers. 
 Debt and equity securities for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value are valued at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors. Because a readily available market value for many of the investments in our portfolio is often not available, we value many of our portfolio investments at fair value as determined in good faith by our board of directors using a consistently applied valuation process in accordance with a documented valuation policy that has been reviewed and approved by our board of directors. Due to the inherent uncertainty and subjectivity of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market revalue, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a readily available market value existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. In addition, changes in the market environment and other events may have differing impacts on the market quotations used to value some of our investments than on the fair values of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available. Market quotations may also be deemed not to represent fair value in certain circumstances where we believe that facts and circumstances applicable to an issuer, a seller or purchaser, or the market for a particular security causes current market quotations not to reflect the fair value of the security. Examples of these events could include cases where a security trades infrequently, causing a quoted purchase or sale price to become stale, where there is a forced sale by a distressed seller, where market quotations vary substantially among market makers, or where there is a wide bid- ask spread or significant increase in the bid ask spread. 
 Those investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value are valued utilizing a market approach, an income approach, or both approaches, as appropriate. The market approach uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities (including a business). The income approach uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, cash flows or earnings) to a single present amount (discounted). The measurement is based on the value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. In following these approaches, the types of factors that we may take into account in determining the fair value of our investments include, as relevant and among other factors: available current market data, including relevant and applicable market trading and transaction comparables, applicable market yields and multiples, security covenants, call protection provisions, 
 61 

information rights, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flows, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparisons of financial ratios of peer companies that are public, merger and acquisition comparables, our principal market (as the reporting entity) and enterprise values. 
 With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the members of the Investment Team responsible for the portfolio investment; 

preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed by senior management and the Adviser; 

on a periodic basis, at least once annually, the valuation for each portfolio investment is reviewed by an independent valuation firm engaged by our board of directors; 

the valuation committee of our board of directors then reviews these preliminary valuations and makes a recommendation to our board of directors regarding the fair value of each investment; and 

the board of directors then reviews and discusses these preliminary valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of the Adviser, the independent valuation firm and the valuation committee. 

When valuing all of our investments, we strive to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs are inputs that reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs are inputs that reflect our assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability developed based on the best information available under the circumstances. 
 Our investments are categorized based on the types of inputs used in their valuation. The level in the GAAP valuation hierarchy in which an investment falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the valuation of the investment in its entirety. Investments are classified by GAAP into the three broad levels as follows: 
 Level 1 valuation is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. 
 Level 2 valuation is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as (a) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (b) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, that is, markets in which there are few transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or price quotations vary substantially either over time or among market makers, or in which little information is released publicly; (c) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; or (d) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. 
 Level 3 valuation is based on unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. However, the fair value measurement objective remains the same, that is, an exit price from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability. Therefore, unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best information available under the circumstances, which might include the Company s own data. The Company s own data used to develop unobservable inputs is adjusted if information is reasonably available without undue cost and effort that indicates that market participants would use different assumptions. 
 As of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022 all of our investments were classified as Level 3 investments, determined based on valuations by our board of directors. 
 Determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, the notes to our financial statements express the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on the consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was adopted in December 2020 by the SEC and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Our board of directors has adopted valuation policies and procedures that are intended to comply with Rule 2a-5. 
 Revenue recognition 
 Our revenue recognition policies are as follows: 
 Net realized gains (losses) on investments: Gains or losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific identification method. 
 Interest Income: Interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, is recorded on an accrual basis. Origination, closing, commitment, and amendment fees, purchase and original issue discounts associated with loans to portfolio companies are accreted into interest income over the respective terms of the applicable loans. Accretion of discounts or premiums is calculated by the effective interest or straight-line method, as applicable, as of the purchase date and adjusted only for material amendments or prepayments. Upon the prepayment of a loan or debt security, any prepayment penalties and unamortized fees and discounts are recorded as interest income and are non-recurring in nature. 
 Structuring fees and similar fees are recognized as income as earned, usually when received. Structuring fees, excess deal deposits, net profits interests and overriding royalty interests are included in other fee income. 
 We may hold debt investments in our portfolio that contain a PIK interest provision. The PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the investment balance that is generally due at maturity, is recorded on the accrual basis to the extent such amounts are expected to be collected. 
 Non-accrual: Loans are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 90 days or more or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment about ultimate collectability of principal. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current. PIK interest is not accrued if we do not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due. As of June 30, 2023, we had six investments on non-accrual status, which represented approximately 4.08 of our portfolio at fair value. As of June 30, 2022, we had six investments on non-accrual, which represented approximately 1.08 of our portfolio at fair value. 
 Financing Facilities 
 We previously, through CM Finance SPV Ltd. CM SPV ), our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into a 102.0 million term secured financing facility (the Term Financing ), due December 5, 2021 with UBS AG, London Branch (together with its affiliates UBS ). The Term Financing was collateralized by a portion of the debt investments in our portfolio. On June 21, 2019, we amended the Term Financing to increase the Term Financing by 20.0 million from 102.0 million to 122.0 million. We subsequently repaid 20.0 million of the Term Financing on April 15, 2020. Borrowings under the Term Financing, as amended, bore interest with respect to the 102.0 million (i) at a rate per annum equal to one-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus 3.55 from December 5, 2019 through December 4, 2020, and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to one-month LIBOR plus 3.15 from December 5, 2020 through December 4, 2021. On November 19, 2021, the Company repaid the Term Financing in full in accordance with the terms of the Term Financing and the agreement was terminated. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Term Financing, respectively. 
 On November 20, 2017, as subsequently amended, we entered into a 50 million revolving financing facility with UBS, which was subsequently amended on June 21, 2019 to reduce the size to 30.0 million and extend the maturity date (as amended, the Revolving Financing ). On September 30, 2020, we amended the Revolving Financing to reduce the size of the Revolving Financing to 20.0 million and extend the maturity date to December 5, 2021. We paid a fee on any undrawn amounts of 0.75 per annum. On November 19, 2021, we satisfied all obligations under the Revolving Financing and the agreement was terminated. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Financing. 
 On August 23, 2021, we, through Investcorp Credit Management BDC SPV, LLC, our wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a five-year, 115 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Capital One Revolving Financing with Capital One, N.A. Capital One ), which is secured by collateral consisting primarily of loans in our investment portfolio. On June 14, 2023, we amended the Capital One Revolving Financing to decrease the facility size from 115 million to 100 million. The Capital One 
 63 

Revolving Financing, which will expire on August 22, 2026 (the Maturity Date ), features a three-year reinvestment period and a two-year amortization period. 
 Effective November 18, 2022, borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing generally bear interest at a rate per annum equal to Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus 2.50 . The default interest rate will be equal to the interest rate then in effect plus 2.00 . The Capital One Revolving Financing required the payment of an upfront fee of 1.125 1.3 million) of the available borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing at the closing, and requires the payment of an unused fee of (i) 0.75 annually for any undrawn amounts below 50 of the Capital One Revolving Financing, (ii) 0.50 annually for any undrawn amounts between 50 and 75 of the Capital One Revolving Financing, and (iii) 0.25 annually for any undrawn amounts above 75 of the Capital One Revolving Financing. Borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing are based on a borrowing base. The Capital One Revolving Financing generally requires payment of interest and fees on a quarterly basis. All outstanding principal is due on the Maturity Date. The Capital One Revolving Financing also requires mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain events. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were 71.9 million and 84.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the Capital One Revolving Financing, respectively. 
 Notes due 2023 
 In July 2018, we issued an aggregate of 34.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.125 notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes for total net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses, of approximately 33.2 million. 
 In October 2019 and November 2019, we issued an additional 16.875 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes, which constituted a further issuance of, ranked equally in right of payment with, and formed a single series with the 34.5 million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes that we initially issued in July 2018. The total net proceeds received by us from the sale of the 2023 Notes in October 2019 and November 2019 was approximately 16.4 million, based on the purchase price paid by the underwriters and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. The 2023 Notes were listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol CMFNL, were scheduled to mature on July 1, 2023 and bore interest at a rate of 6.125 . Pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the 2023 Notes, the 2023 Notes could be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option on or after July 1, 2020. 
 On March 26, 2021, we caused notice to be issued to the holders of the 2023 Notes regarding our exercise of the option to redeem in full all 51,375,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from April 1, 2021, through, but excluding, the redemption date, April 25, 2021. On April 25, 2021, we redeemed in full all 51,375,000 in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at 100 of their principal amount 25 per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from April 1, 2021, through, but excluding, April 25, 2021. 
 Notes due 2026 
 On March 31, 2021, we closed the public offering of 65 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.875 notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). The total net proceeds to us from the 2026 Notes after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately 1.3 million and estimated offering expenses of approximately 215,000, were approximately 63.1 million. 
 The 2026 Notes will mature on April 1, 2026, unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms, and bear interest at a rate of 4.875 . The 2026 Notes are our direct unsecured obligations and rank pari passu, which means equal in right of payment, with all of our outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness. Because the 2026 Notes are not secured by any of our assets, they are effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured as to which we subsequently grant a security interest), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2026 Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our existing and future subsidiaries and financing vehicles, including, without limitation, borrowings under the Capital One Financing. The 2026 Notes are exclusively our obligations and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the 2026 Notes and the 2026 Notes will not be required to be guaranteed by any subsidiary we may acquire or create in the future. 
 The 2026 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at our option, upon not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price (as determined by us) equal to the greater of the following amounts, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date: (1) 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (exclusive of accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption) on the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis (assuming a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months) 
 64 

using the applicable Treasury Rate (as defined in the 2026 Notes Indenture (as defined below)) plus 50 basis points; provided, however, that if we redeem any 2026 Notes on or after January 1, 2026 (the date falling three months prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes), the redemption price for the 2026 Notes will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption; provided, further, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a 2026 Note not redeemed to less than 2,000. Interest on the 2026 Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2021. We may from time to time repurchase 2026 Notes in accordance with the 1940 Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding principal balance of the 2026 Notes was approximately 65.0 million and 65.0 million, respectively. 
 The indenture under which the 2026 Notes are issued (the 2026 Notes Indenture contains certain covenants, including covenants requiring us to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of 1940 Act, or any successor provisions, to comply with Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, or any successor provisions but giving effect to any no-action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC and upon which we may reasonably rely (or to us if we determine to seek such similar no-action or other relief), and to provide financial information to the holders of the 2026 Notes and the Trustee if we should no longer be subject to the reporting requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These covenants are subject to important limitations and exceptions that are set forth in the 2026 Notes Indenture. 
 Investments 
 Our level of investment activity can and does vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including the amount we have available to invest as well as the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. 
 As a BDC, we are required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, as a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets (with certain limited exceptions). Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Under the relevant SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes all private companies, companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than 250 million. In each case, the company must be organized in the United States. As of June 30, 2023, approximately 2.23 of our total assets were non-qualifying assets. 
 To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. As a RIC, we generally will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income we distribute to our stockholders. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues primarily in the form of interest on the debt we hold. We also generate revenue from royalty income, dividends on our equity interests and capital gains on the sale of warrants and other debt or equity interests that we acquire. Our investments in fixed income instruments generally have an expected maturity of three to five years, although we have no lower or upper constraint on maturity. Interest on our debt investments is generally payable quarterly or semi-annually. Payments of principal of our debt investments may be amortized over the stated term of the investment, deferred for several years or due entirely at maturity. In some cases, our debt investments and preferred stock investments may defer payments of cash interest or dividends or PIK interest. Any outstanding principal amount of our debt investments and any accrued but unpaid interest will generally become due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of prepayment fees, commitment, origination, structuring or due diligence fees, fees for providing significant managerial assistance, consulting fees and other investment related income. 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of the base management fee and, depending on our operating results, the incentive fees under the Advisory Agreement, as well as the payment of reimbursable expenses to the Adviser for the costs and expenses incurred by the Adviser in performing its obligations and providing personnel and facilities under the Administration Agreement, such as our allocable portion of overhead expenses, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief financial officer and chief compliance officer and their respective staffs. The base management fee and incentive fee compensation under the Advisory Agreement remunerates the Adviser for work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other out-of-pocket costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including, without limitation, those relating to: 
 our organization and our offering; 

65 

valuing our assets and calculating our net asset value per share (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm(s)); 

fees and expenses incurred by the Adviser or payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, in monitoring financial and legal affairs for us and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies or otherwise relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; 

interest payable on debt, if any, incurred to finance our investments and expenses related to unsuccessful portfolio acquisition efforts; 

offerings of our common stock and other securities; 

administration fees and expenses, if any, payable under the Administration Agreement (including our allocable portion of the Adviser s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, equipment and the allocable portion of the cost of our chief compliance officer, chief financial officer and his staffs compensation and compensation-related expenses); 

transfer agent and custody fees and expenses; 

federal and state registration fees; 

costs of registration and listing our shares on any securities exchange; 

federal, state and local taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents required by the SEC or other regulators; 

costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders including printing costs; 

costs associated with individual or group stockholders; 

our allocable portion of the costs and fees associated with any fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; 

direct costs and expenses of administration and operation, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; and 

all other non-investment advisory expenses incurred by us or the Adviser in connection with administering our business. 

Portfolio and investment activity 
 Portfolio composition 
 We invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of standalone first and second lien loans and unitranche loans. We may also invest in unsecured debt, bonds and in the equity of portfolio companies through warrants and other instruments. 
 As of June 30, 2023, our investment portfolio of 220.1 million (at fair value) consisted of debt and equity investments in 36 portfolio companies, of which 89.21 were first lien investments, 0 were second lien investments, and 10.79 were in equities, warrants and other positions. At June 30, 2023, our average and largest portfolio company investment at fair value was 6.1 million and 13.0 million, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2022, our investment portfolio of 233.7 million (at fair value) consisted of debt and equity investments in 35 portfolio companies, of which 91.94 were first lien investments, 0 were second lien investments, and 8.06 were in equities, warrants and other positions. At June 30, 2022, our average and largest portfolio company investment at fair value was 6.7 million and 13.2 million, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, our weighted average total yield of debt and income producing securities at amortized cost (which includes interest income and amortization of fees and discounts) was 12.46 and 10.09 , respectively. As of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, our weighted average total yield on investments at amortized cost (which includes interest income and amortization of fees and discounts) was 11.32 and 9.37 , respectively. The weighted average total yield was computed using an internal rate of return calculation of our debt investments based on contractual cash flows, including interest and amortization payments, and, for floating rate investments, the spot LIBOR or SOFR, as applicable, as of June 30, 2023 of all of our debt investments. The weighted average total yield of our debt investments is not the same as a return on investment for our stockholders but, rather, relates to a portion of our investment portfolio and is calculated before payment of all of our fees and expenses, including 
 66 

any sales load paid in connection with an offering of our securities. There can be no assurance that the weighted average total yield will remain at its current level. 
 We use Global Industry Classification Standard GICS codes to identify the industry groupings. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, the industry composition of our portfolio in accordance with GICS at fair value, as a percentage of our total portfolio, was as follows: 

Percentage of Total Portfolio at June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 15.98 

6.72 

Professional Services 
 
 12.83 

11.55 

IT Services 
 
 10.71 

9.25 

Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 6.51 

6.62 

Software 
 
 6.26 

3.77 

Containers Packaging 
 
 5.89 

3.10 

Machinery 
 
 4.36 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 
 
 4.08 

9.02 

Entertainment 
 
 3.47 

3.40 

Household Durables 
 
 3.46 

7.42 

Chemicals 
 
 3.44 

6.00 

Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 3.30 

2.88 

Automobile Components 
 
 3.30 

3.39 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 
 2.85 

Consumer Staples Distribution Retail 
 
 2.75 

Specialty Retail 
 
 2.34 

2.54 

Building Products 
 
 2.05 

2.02 

Food Products 
 
 1.95 

1.95 

Automotive Retail 
 
 1.76 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 
 
 1.48 

1.26 

Energy Equipment Services 
 
 1.23 

5.59 

Distributors 

5.26 

Consumer Finance 

4.87 

Food Staples Retailing 

3.39 

100.00 

100.00 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, we made investments in eight new portfolio companies and four existing portfolio companies. These investments totaled approximately 41.3 million. Of these new investments, 98.25 consisted of first lien investments and 1.75 were in equity, warrants, and other investments. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2022, we made investments in 14 new portfolio companies and eight existing portfolio companies. These investments totaled approximately 137.1 million. Of these new investments, 93.4 consisted of first lien investments and 6.6 were in equity, warrants, and other investments. 
 At June 30, 2023, 99.6 of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates based on indices such as LIBOR, SOFR, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate (in certain cases, subject to interest rate floors), and 0.4 bore interest at fixed rates. At June 30, 2022, 99.6 of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates based on indices such as LIBOR (in certain cases, subject to interest rate floors), and 0.4 bore interest at fixed rates. 
 Our investment portfolio may contain loans that are in the form of lines of credit or revolving credit facilities, which require us to provide funding when requested by portfolio companies in accordance with the terms of the underlying loan agreements. As of June 30, 2023, we had eleven such investments with aggregate unfunded commitments of 5,990,579. As of June 30, 2022, we had nine such investments with aggregate unfunded commitments of 13,899,529. We maintain sufficient liquidity to fund such unfunded loan commitments should the need arise. 
 67 

Asset Quality 
 In addition to various risk management and monitoring tools, we use the Adviser s investment rating system to characterize and monitor the credit profile and expected level of returns on each investment in our portfolio. This investment rating system uses a five-level numeric rating scale. The following is a description of the conditions associated with each investment rating: 

Investment Rating 1 
 Investments that are performing above expectations, and whose risks remain favorable compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. 

Investment Rating 2 
 Investments that are performing within expectations and whose risks remain neutral compared to the expected risk at the time of the original investment. All new loans will initially be rated 2. 

Investment Rating 3 
 Investments that are performing below expectations and that require closer monitoring, but where no loss of return or principal is expected. Portfolio companies with a rating of 3 may be out of compliance with their financial covenants. 

Investment Rating 4 
 Investments that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are often in workout. Investments with a rating of 4 will be those for which some loss of return but no loss of principal is expected. 

Investment Rating 5 
 Investments that are performing substantially below expectations and whose risks have increased substantially since the original investment. These investments are almost always in workout. Investments with a rating of 5 will be those for which some loss of return and principal is expected. 

If the Adviser determines that an investment is underperforming, or circumstances suggest that the risk associated with a particular investment has significantly increased, the Adviser will increase its monitoring intensity and prepare regular updates for the Investment Committee, summarizing current operating results and material impending events and suggesting recommended actions. While the investment rating system identifies the relative risk for each investment, the rating alone does not dictate the scope and/or frequency of any monitoring that will be performed. The frequency of the Adviser s monitoring of an investment will be determined by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the trends in the financial performance of the portfolio company, the investment structure and the type of collateral securing the investment. 
 The following table shows the investment rankings of the debt investments in our portfolio: 

As of June 30, 2023 
 
 As of June 30, 2022 

Investment Rating 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Portfolio 
 
 Number of Investments 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Portfolio 
 
 Number of Investments 

1 

16,538,345 
 
 7.5 

3 

35,059,097 
 
 15.0 

5 

2 

114,979,324 
 
 52.2 

32 

172,732,804 
 
 73.9 

44 

3 

62,588,392 
 
 28.4 

19 

23,364,583 
 
 10.0 

4 

4 

13,067,850 
 
 6.0 

5 

5 

12,937,418 
 
 5.9 

6 

2,527,502 
 
 1.1 

7 

Total 

220,111,329 
 
 100.0 

65 

233,683,986 
 
 100.0 

60 

Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 Investment income 
 Investment income, attributable primarily to dividends, interest and fees on our debt investments, for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased to 26.7 million from 24.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to an increase in the SOFR and LIBOR rates and payment-in-kind income. 
 Expenses 
 Total (net) expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased to 17.3 million from 15.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the increase in SOFR and LIBOR Rates. 
 68 

Net investment income 
 Net investment income increased to 9.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 8.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to an increase in interest and payment-in-kind income offset by an increase in expenses related to an increase in borrowing costs. 
 Net realized gain or loss 
 The net realized loss on investments totaled 26.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, primarily due to the write off of our investments in the American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) 1st and 2nd lien term loans. 
 The net realized loss on investments totaled 14.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the restructure of 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term B and Fusion Connect Inc. Take-Back Term Loan. 
 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments 
 We recorded a net change in unrealized appreciation of 20.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, primarily due to the reversal of depreciation related to the write off of our investments in the American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) 1st and 2nd lien term loans. 
 We recorded a net change in unrealized appreciation of 8.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the restructure of 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term B and Fusion Connect Inc. Take-Back Term Loan offset by the decrease in fair value of Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP common stock. 
 Comparison of the years ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 
 Investment income 
 Investment income, attributable primarily to dividends, interest and fees on our debt investments, for the year ended June 30, 2022 decreased to 24.4 million from 26.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in assets under management and decrease in payment-in-kind income from non-accrual investments. 
 Expenses 
 Total (net) expenses for the year ended June 30, 2022 decreased to 15.5 million from 17.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in interest expenses related to decreased borrowings under our credit facilities, a decrease in base management fees (including waiver) related to a decrease in total assets and no income-based incentive fees. 
 Net investment income 
 Net investment income decreased to 8.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 from 9.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in payment-in-kind income from our investments on non-accrual offset by a decrease in interest expenses related to decreased borrowings under our credit facilities. 
 Net realized gain or loss 
 The net realized loss on investments totaled 14.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the restructure of 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term B and Fusion Connect Inc. Take-Back Term Loan. 
 The net realized loss on investments totaled 5.8 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to the restructure of Bioplan USA, Inc. and the termination of PR Wireless, Inc., 0.01 strike (warrants) offset by the sale of BW Gas and Convenience during the period. 
 Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments 
 We recorded a net change in unrealized appreciation of 8.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to the restructure of 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term B and Fusion Connect Inc. Take-Back Term Loan offset by the decrease in fair value of Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP common stock. 
 69 

We recorded a net change in unrealized depreciation of 5.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in fair value of our investments in 1888 Industrial Services, LLC and American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) during the period. 
 Liquidity and capital resources 
 Cash flows 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, our cash balance decreased by 3,861. During that period, 20.7 million in cash was provided by operating activities, primarily due to investments of 51.3 million in portfolio companies, offset by proceeds from repayment and sale of investments in portfolio companies of 61.9 million. During the same period, cash from financing activities decreased by 20.7 million, resulting primarily from proceeds of 46.9 million from borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing, offset by repayments of 59.0 million of borrowing under the Capital One Revolving Financing, and distributions of 8.6 million to our stockholders. 
 Capital Resources 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had 1.1 million of cash as well as 8.1 million in restricted cash and 28.1 million of capacity under the Capital One Revolving Financing. As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 135.7 million of senior securities outstanding and our asset coverage ratio was 164.1 . We intend to generate additional cash primarily from future offerings of securities, future borrowings under our Capital One Revolving Financing as well as cash flows from operations, including income earned from investments in our portfolio companies and, to a lesser extent, from the temporary investment of cash in U.S. government securities and other high-quality debt investments that mature in one year or less. Our primary liquidity needs include interest and principal repayments on our Capital One Revolving Financing, interest payments on the 2026 Notes, our unfunded loan commitments (if any), investments in portfolio companies, dividend distributions to our stockholders and operating expenses. 
 As discussed below in further detail, we have elected to be treated as a RIC under the Code. To maintain our RIC status, we generally must distribute substantially all of our net taxable income to stockholders in the form of dividends. Our net taxable income does not necessarily equal our net income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 70 

(5) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

(5) 

N/A 

UBS Financing Facility 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2021 

(6) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2020 

(6) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2019 

(6) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2018 

(6) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2016 

(7) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2015 

(7) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2014 

(7) 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2013 

N/A 

Citi Revolving Financing (8) 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2021 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2020 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2019 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2018 

N/A 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2017 

N/A 

N/A 

6.125 notes due 2023 (9) 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2021 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2020 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2019 

4.875 notes due 2026 (10) 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2021 

N/A 
 
 (1) 

 (2) 

 (3) The amount to which such class of senior security would be entitled upon the involuntary liquidation of the issuer in preference to any security junior to it. The indicates information which the SEC expressly does not require to be disclosed for certain types of senior securities. 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) 

 (7) 

 (8) 

 (9) 

(10) 

Regulated Investment Company Status and Distributions 
 We have elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. If we qualify as a RIC for a taxable year, we will not be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on our investment company taxable income or realized net capital gains, to the extent that such taxable income or gains are distributed, or deemed to be distributed, to stockholders on a timely basis. 
 Taxable income generally differs from net income for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized appreciation or depreciation until realized. Dividends declared and paid by us in a year may differ from taxable income for that year as such dividends may include the distribution of current year taxable income or the distribution of prior year taxable income carried forward into and distributed in the current year. Distributions also may include returns of capital. 
 To continue to qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must, among other things, distribute to our stockholders, with respect to each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company net taxable income (i.e., our net ordinary income and our realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any). We will also be subject to a federal excise tax, based on distributive requirements of our taxable income on a calendar year basis. 
 We intend to distribute to our stockholders between 90 and 100 of our annual taxable income (which includes our taxable interest and fee income). However, the covenants contained in the Capital One Revolving Financing and any other borrowing or financing arrangement we or our subsidiaries may have may prohibit us from making distributions to our stockholders, and, as a result, could hinder our ability to satisfy the distribution requirement. In addition, we may retain for investment some or all of our net taxable capital gains (i.e., realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) and treat such amounts as deemed distributions to our stockholders. If we do this, our stockholders will be treated as if they received actual distributions of the capital gains we retained and then reinvested the net after-tax proceeds in our common stock. Our stockholders also may be eligible to claim tax credits (or, in certain circumstances, tax refunds) equal to their allocable share of the tax we paid on the capital gains deemed distributed to them. To the extent our taxable earnings for a fiscal taxable year fall below the total amount of our dividends for that fiscal year, a portion of those dividend distributions may be deemed a return of capital to our stockholders. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage test for borrowings applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in the agreements governing our borrowing or financial arrangements. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions or distributions at a particular level. 
 In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Department of Treasury Treasury regulations and a revenue procedure issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a RIC may treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder elects to receive his or her entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to a limitation that the aggregate amount of cash to be distributed to all stockholders must be at least 20 (10 for distributions made on or after November 1, 2021, and on or before June 30, 2023) of the aggregate declared distribution. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each stockholder electing to receive cash must receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). In no event will any stockholder, electing to receive cash, receive less than 20 (or 10 if applicable) of his or her entire distribution in cash. If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the dividend paid in stock will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. We have no current intention of paying dividends in shares of our stock in accordance with these Treasury regulations or the revenue procedure. 
 Advisory Agreement 
 The Company is party to the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Base Management Fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 of the Company s gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents (such amount, Gross Assets ). 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, 4,201,394 in Base Management Fees were earned by the Adviser, of which 387,311 was waived and 906,218 was payable at June 30, 2023. For the year ended June 30, 2022, 4,594,588 in Base Management Fees were earned by the Adviser, of which 480,032 was waived and 1,054,063 was payable at June 30, 2022. For the year ended June 30, 
 72 

2021, 4,716,233 in Base Management Fees were earned by the Adviser, of which 366,951 was waived and 1,070,580 was payable at June 30, 2021. 
 The Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of the Company s Gross Assets at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters. The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears and the Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Income-Based Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, subject to a total return requirement (the Total Return Requirement and deferral of non-cash amounts, and is 20.0 of the amount, if any, by which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets attributable to its common stock, for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, exceeds a 2.0 (which is 8.0 annualized) hurdle rate and a catch-up provision measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, in any fiscal quarter, the Adviser receives no Incentive Fee until our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income equals the hurdle rate of 2.0 , but then receives, as a catch-up, 100 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.5 (which is 10.0 annualized). The effect of the catch-up provision is that, subject to the Total Return Requirement and deferral provisions discussed below, if Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds 2.5 in any fiscal quarter, the Adviser receives 20.0 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and any distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. 
 No Income-Based Fee is payable under the Advisory Agreement except to the extent 20.0 of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the fiscal quarter for which fees are being calculated and the Lookback Period exceeds the cumulative Incentive Fees accrued and/or paid for the Lookback Period. For the foregoing purpose, the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations is the amount, if positive, of the sum of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation of the Company for the then current fiscal quarter and the Lookback Period. The Lookback Period means (1) through June 30, 2023, the period that commences on the last day of the fiscal quarter in which the Commencement Date occurs and ends on the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the fiscal quarter for which the Income-Based Fee is being calculated, and (2) after June 30, 2023, the eleven fiscal quarters immediately preceding the fiscal quarter for which the Income-Based Fee is being calculated. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred 401,597 of Income-Based Fees. As of June 30, 2023, 576,023 of Income-Based Fees are currently payable to the Adviser and 201,817 in incentive fees related to Income-Based Fees incurred by the Company were generated from deferred interest (i.e. PIK and certain discount accretion) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company wrote off 348,670 in previously deferred Income-Based incentive fees and incurred no Income-Based Fees. As of June 30, 2022, 182,095 of Income-Based Fees are currently payable to the Adviser and were generated from deferred interest (i.e. PIK and certain discount accretion) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash. For the year ended June 30, 2021, we incurred no Income-Based Fees. As of June 30, 2021, 647,885 of Income-Based Fees are currently payable to the Adviser and were generated from deferred interest (i.e. PIK and certain discount accretion) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash. Any voluntary waivers of the incentive fee in no way implies that the Adviser will agree to waive any incentive fee in any future period. Any portion of the incentive fees waived are not subject to recapture. 
 Under the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, and is equal to 20.0 of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from the Commencement Date through the end of each fiscal year, computed net of our aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and our aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fees. If such amount is negative, then no Capital Gains Fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a fiscal year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a fiscal year end for purposes of calculating and paying the Capital Gains Fee. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee was not charged until the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. 
 73 

Under U.S. GAAP, the Company calculate the Capital Gains Fee as if it had realized all assets at their fair values as of the reporting date. Accordingly, the Company accrues a provisional Capital Gains Fee taking into account any unrealized gains or losses. As the provisional Capital Gains Fee is subject to the performance of investments until there is a realization event, the amount of the provisional Capital Gains Fee accrued at a reporting date may vary from the Capital Gains Fee that is ultimately realized and the differences could be material. 
 As of June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, there was no Capital Gains Fee accrued, earned or payable to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. 
 The Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as the Adviser. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We may be a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financial needs of our portfolio companies. As of June 30, 2023, our off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 6.0 million in unfunded commitments to ten of our portfolio companies. As of June 30, 2022, our off-balance sheet arrangements consisted of 13.9 million in unfunded commitments to eight of our portfolio companies. We maintain sufficient liquidity (through cash and borrowings under our Capital One Revolving Financing) to fund such unfunded loan commitments should the need arise. 
 Recent Developments 
 The Company has evaluated the need for disclosures and/or adjustments resulting from subsequent events through the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. 
 Subsequent to June 30, 2023 and through September 15, 2023, the Company invested a total of 4.1 million, which included investments in one new portfolio company and one existing portfolio company. As of September 15, 2023, the Company had investments in 37 portfolio companies. 
 On September 14, 2023, the Company s board of directors declared a distribution for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 of 0.13 per share payable on November 2, 2023 to stockholders of record as of October 12, 2023 and a supplemental distribution of 0.02 per share payable on November 2, 2023 to stockholders of record as of October 12, 2023. 
 Item 7A. 	 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. At June 30, 2023, 99.6 of our debt investments bore interest based on floating rates, such as LIBOR, SOFR, the Euro Interbank Offered Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. The interest rates on such investments generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to six months. Floating rate investments subject to a floor generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to six months only if the index exceeds the floor. 
 Generally, we believe higher yielding assets such as those in our investment portfolio do not necessarily follow a linear interest rate relationship and are less sensitive in price to interest rate changes than many other debt investments. Our investments in fixed rate assets are generally exposed to changes in value due to interest rate fluctuations, and our floating rate assets are generally exposed to cash flow variability from fluctuation in rates. Consequently, our net interest income (interest income less interest expense) is exposed to risks related to interest rate fluctuations. Based on our in-place portfolio with certain interest rate floors and our financing at June 30, 2023, a 1.00 increase in interest rates would increase our net interest income by approximately 5.4 and a 2.00 increase in interest rates would increase our net interest income by approximately 13.4 . Variable-rate instruments subject to a floor generally reset periodically to the applicable floor and, in the case of investments in our portfolio, quarterly to a floor based on LIBOR or SOFR, as applicable, only if the floor exceeds the index. Under these loans, we do not benefit from increases in interest rates until such rates exceed the floor and thereafter benefit from market rates above any such floor. 
 Although management believes that this analysis is indicative of our existing sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for changes in the credit markets, the size, credit quality or composition of the assets in our portfolio and other business developments, including borrowing, that could affect the net increase in net assets resulting from operations, or net income. It also 
 74 

does not adjust for the effect of the time lag between a change in the relevant interest rate index and the rate adjustment under the applicable loan. Accordingly, we can offer no assurances that actual results would not differ materially from the statement above. 
 75 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID: 
 77 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 
 79 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023, JUNE 30, 2022, AND JUNE 30, 2021 
 80 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023, JUNE 30, 2022, AND JUNE 30, 2021 
 81 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023, JUNE 30, 2022, AND JUNE 30, 2021 
 82 

CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 83 

CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 88 

CONSOLIDATED NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 92 

76 

Report of Independent Registered Public 
 Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, by correspondence with the custodian or the agents of the underlying investments or management of the underlying investments themselves or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies from the custodian or agents were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of investments 
 As of June 30, 2023, the fair value of the Company s investments classified as Level 3 measurements in the fair value hierarchy was approximately 220.1 million. As discussed in Notes 2i and 4d in the financial statements, the Company invests in senior secured debt, including first lien loans, second lien loans and equity of private and thinly-traded U.S. middle-market companies. The Company s determination of fair value for these investments requires that management makes subjective judgments and estimates utilizing yield analysis, market comparable approach, recent transaction and recovery analysis, as appropriate. These approaches require management to make subjective judgments and estimates related to significant unobservable inputs including market yields, EBITDA multiples, revenue multiples, recent transaction and recovery amount. 
 
 We identified the fair value of the Company s investments classified as Level 3 measurements in the fair value hierarchy as a critical audit matter given the Company uses significant subjective judgments to estimate the fair value of such investments. Auditing management s selection of valuation techniques and the related unobservable inputs increased audit effort and included the use of a valuation specialist. 
 
 77 

Our audit procedures related to the valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and assumptions used by management to estimate the fair value of the Company s investments classified as Level 3 measurements in the fair value hierarchy, included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained the valuation summary reports from the Company and tested the source information used to determine the valuation input and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation used to compute the input. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the valuation techniques used for Level 3 investments and evaluated the reasonableness of any significant changes in valuation techniques since prior periods. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the related significant unobservable inputs and the reasonableness of any significant changes in significant unobservable inputs from prior periods by comparing these inputs to external sources, including, but not limited to: 

- Historical operating results of the investment as obtained from the Company and, in certain instances, from the underlying investment entity, among other sources, the financial statements and the valuation committee materials of the investment. 
 - Available market data for comparable companies. 
 - Subsequent events and transactions, where available. 
 
 With the assistance of a valuation specialists, we performed the following: 

- For a portion of Level 3 investments, evaluated the valuation techniques compared to those of a market participant, used market information to develop a range of market yield, comparable financial performance multiples and discount rate assumptions and compared them to the assumptions used by management. 
 - For a portion of Level 3 investments, developed an independent estimate of the fair value and compared our estimates to management s estimates. 
 
 We evaluated management s ability to reasonably estimate fair value by comparing management s historical estimates to transactions subsequent to the measurement date. We took into consideration changes in market or investment specific factors, where available. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the auditor to one or more of the investment companies advised by CM Investment Partners LLC since 2017. 
 , New York 
 September 21, 2023 
 78 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities 

June 30, 2023 
 
 June 30, 2022 

Assets 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Affiliated investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Total investments, at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively) 

Cash 

Cash, restricted 

Principal receivable 

Interest receivable 

Payment-in-kind interest receivable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Notes payable: 

Revolving credit facility 

2026 Notes payable 

Deferred debt issuance costs 

Unamortized discount 

Notes payable, net 

Payable for investments purchased 

Dividend payable 

Income-based incentive fees payable 

Base management fees payable 

Interest payable 

Directors' fees payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Net Assets 

Common stock, par value per share shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Distributable earnings (loss) 

Total Net Assets 

Total Liabilities and Net Assets 

Net Asset Value Per Share 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 79 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Investment Income: 

Interest income 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Total interest income 

Payment in-kind interest income 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Total payment-in-kind interest income 

Dividend income 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Total dividend income 

Payment in-kind dividend income 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Total payment-in-kind dividend income 

Other fee income 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Total other fee income 

Total investment income 

Expenses: 

Interest expense 

Base management fees 

Income-based incentive fees 

Provision for tax expense 

Professional fees 

Allocation of administrative costs from Adviser 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Amortization of original issue discount - 2026 Notes 

Insurance expense 

Directors' fees 

Custodian and administrator fees 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Waiver of base management fees 

Waiver of income-based incentive fees 

Net expenses 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gain/(loss) on investments: 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) in value of investments 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

Affiliated investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Total realized gain (loss) and change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Basic and diluted: 

Net investment income per share 

Earnings per share 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

Distributions paid per common share 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 80 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Net assets at beginning of period 

Increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized gain (loss) from investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Stockholder distributions: 

Distributions from net investment income 

Distributions from capital gains 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from stockholder distributions 

Capital transactions: 

Issuance of common shares and and , respectively) 

Reinvestments of stockholder distributions 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from capital transactions 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets 

Net assets at end of period 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 81 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Origination and purchase of investments 

Payment in-kind interest and dividends 

Sales and repayments of investments 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments 

Net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation on investments 

Amortization of discount/premium on investments 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Amortization of original issue discount 

Net (increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Interest receivable 

Payment-in-kind interest receivable 

Principal receivable 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Net increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Payable for investments purchased 

Interest payable 

Directors fees payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Base management fees payable 

Income-based incentive fees payable 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payment for deferred financing costs 

Issuance of common shares 

Distributions to stockholders 

Repayments of Term loan 

Proceeds from 2026 Notes, net 

Repayments of 2023 Notes 

Proceeds from borrowing on revolving financing facility 

Repayments of borrowing on revolving financing facility 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash: 

Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year (1) 

Cash and restricted cash at end of period (2) 

Supplemental and non-cash financing cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for taxes 

Issuance of shares pursuant to Dividend Reinvestment Plan 

Non-cash purchase of investments 

Non-cash sale of investments 

(1) and of unrestricted cash as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, and and of restricted cash for the same periods. 

(2) and of unrestricted cash as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, and and of restricted cash for the same periods. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 82 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 June 30, 2023 

Investments (1)(2) 

Industry 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal Amount/ Shares (3) 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Net Assets 

Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

4L Technologies, Inc. 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Advanced Solutions International 
 (10) 
 
 Software 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

AHF Parent Holding, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Building Products 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Specialty Retail 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

AMCP Clean Acquisition Company, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants, and Leisure 
 
 3M S + 

Amerequip, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Machinery 
 
 6M S + Floor) 

American Auto Auction Group, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Automotive Retail 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

American Nuts Holdings, LLC - Term Loan A 
 (3)(9)(10) 
 
 Consumer Staples Distribution Retail 
 
 3M S + + PIK Floor) 

American Nuts Holdings, LLC - Term Loan B 
 (3)(9)(10) 
 
 Consumer Staples Distribution Retail 
 
 3M S + + PIK Floor) 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) - Revolver 
 (6)(9) 
 
 Software 
 
 P + Floor) 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC 
 (6)(10) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3M L + + PIK Floor) 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC - Revolver 
 (4)(6) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Archer Systems, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Bioplan USA, Inc. - Take-Back Term Loan 
 (3) 
 
 Containers Packaging 
 
 3M S + + PIK Floor) 

Bioplan USA, Inc. - Priority Term Loan 
 (10) 
 
 Containers Packaging 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

CareerBuilder, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Cook Boardman Group, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Crafty Apes, LLC 
 (10)(13) 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 1M S + Floor) 

Easy Way Leisure Corporation 
 (10) 
 
 Household Durables 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Empire Office Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Machinery 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC - Revolver 
 (4) 
 
 Machinery 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Flatworld Intermediate Corporation 
 (10) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 83 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2023 

Investments (1)(2) 

Industry 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal Amount/ Shares (3) 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Net Assets 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments, continued 

Fusion Connect, Inc. - 2022 Term Loan 
 (3)(10) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 3M S + + PIK Floor) 

INW Manufacturing, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Food Products 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Klein Hersh, LLC 
 (3)(10)(11) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M S + + PIK Floor) 

LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

NWN Parent Holdings LLC 
 (10) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

NWN Parent Holdings LLC - Revolver 
 (4) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Potpourri Group, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Internet Direct Marketing Retail 
 
 1M S + Floor) 

PVI Holdings, Inc. 
 (10)(12) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Retail Services WIS Corporation 
 (10) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Sandvine Corporation 
 (5)(7)(10) 
 
 Software 
 
 3M S + 

South Coast Terminals, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Chemicals 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

Work Genius Holdings, Inc 
 (10) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Work Genius Holdings, Inc - Revolver 
 (4) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Xenon Arc, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 6M L + Floor) 

Xenon Arc, Inc. - Revolver 
 (4) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 6M L + Floor) 

Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 84 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2023 

Investments (1)(2) 

Industry 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal Amount/ Shares (3) 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Net Assets 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

4L Technologies, Inc. Common Stock 
 (8) 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 

4L Technologies, Inc. Preferred Stock 
 (8) 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 

Advanced Solutions International Preferred Equity 

Software 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC (Equity Interest) 
 (8) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

Bioplan USA, Inc. - Common Stock 
 (8) 
 
 Containers Packaging 

CF Arch Holdings LLC (Equity Interest) 
 (8) 
 
 Professional Services 

Flatworld Intermediate Corporation - Equity Interest 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect, Inc. - Backstop Warrants 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect, Inc. - Common Stock 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect, Inc - Equity Investor Warrants 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect, Inc. - Investor Warrants 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect, Inc. - Series A Preferred 
 (3) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 PIK 

Investcorp Transformer Aggregator LP 
 (8) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

Pegasus Aggregator Holdings LP 
 (8) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 

Victors CCC Aggregator LP 
 (8) 
 
 Professional Services 

Work Genius Holdings, Inc (Equity Interest) 
 (8) 
 
 Professional Services 

Total Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments 

Affiliated Investments (14) 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC - Term A 
 (3)(9) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + PIK Floor) 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC - Term C 
 (9) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC - Revolver 
 (4)(9) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP 
 (3) 
 
 Automobile Components 
 
 PIK 

Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC (Equity Interest) 
 (8) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 

Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP Common Stock 

Automobile Components 

Total Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total Affiliated Investments 

Total Investments 

Liabilities in excess of other assets 

Net Assets 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 85 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2023 

(1) at fair value and represented of the Company s net assets. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) of the Company s total assets. As of June 30, 2023, non-qualifying assets represented of the Company s total assets, at fair value. 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) (Floor per the credit agreement and the Consolidated Schedule of Investments above reflects such higher rate. 

(12) (Floor per the credit agreement and the Consolidated Schedule of Investments above reflects such higher rate. 

(13) (Floor per the credit agreement and the Consolidated Schedule of Investments above reflects such higher rate. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 86 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 (14) or more, up to (inclusive), of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be both an affiliated person and control a portfolio company if it owns more than of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). As of June 30, 2023 , the Company had no Control Investments. 

Transactions related to investments in non-controlled Affiliate Investments for the year ended June 30, 2023 were as follows: 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Type of Investment (a) 
 
 June 30, 2022 Value 
 
 Gross Additions (b) 
 
 Gross Reductions (c) 
 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 
 Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
 
 June 30, 2023 Value 
 
 Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income (d) 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan A (3M LIBOR + PIK) 

Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan C (3M LIBOR + 

Revolver (3M LIBOR + 

Common Equity Interest (e) 

Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan PIK) 

Common Stock (e) 

(a) The fair value of all investments were determined using significant unobservable inputs. 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) Investment is non-income producing. 

1M L 1-month LIBOR as of June 30, 2023) 
 3M L 3-month LIBOR as of June 30, 2023) 
 6M L 6-month LIBOR as of June 30, 2023) 
 PRIME as of June 30, 2023 
 PIK Payment-In-Kind 
 1M S 1-month SOFR as of June 30, 2023) 
 3M S 3-month SOFR as of June 30, 2023) 
 6M S 3-month SOFR as of June 30, 2023) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 87 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 June 30, 2022 

Investments (1)(2) 

Industry 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal Amount/ Shares (3) 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Net Assets 

Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliated Investments 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

4L Technologies Inc 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Advanced Solutions International 
 (10) 
 
 Software 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Agrofresh Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Chemicals 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

AHF Parent Holding, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Building Products 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

ALCV Purchaser, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Specialty Retail 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

Altern Marketing, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Internet Direct Marketing Retail 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

American Nuts Holdings, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Food Staples Retailing 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

American Nuts Holdings, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Food Staples Retailing 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) Revolver 
 (4)(6)(9) 
 
 Software 
 
 P + Floor) 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) 
 (6)(9) 
 
 Software 
 
 P + Floor) 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Barri Financial Group, LLC 

Consumer Finance 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

Bioplan USA, Inc. 
 (3) 
 
 Containers Packaging 
 
 3M L + PIK Floor) 

CareerBuilder, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Cook Boardman Group LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Crafty Apes, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 1M S + Floor) 

DSG Entertainment Services, Inc. 
 (5)(6)(7)(9) 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 P + Floor) 

Easy Way Leisure Corporation 
 (10) 
 
 Household Durables 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Empire Office Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Distributors 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

Fusion Connect Inc. 2022 Term Loan 

IT Services 
 
 6M L + Floor) 

Horus Infrastructure IA LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

INW Manufacturing, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Food Products 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Klein Hersh LLC 
 (10)(11) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

LaserAway Intermediate Holdings II, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

LH Intermediate Corporation 
 (10) 
 
 Household Durables 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Liberty Oilfield Services LLC 
 (5)(10) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

NWN Parent Holdings LLC 
 (10) 
 
 IT Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 88 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2022 

Investments (1)(2) 

Industry 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal Amount/ Shares (3) 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Net Assets 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments, continued 

Potpourri Group, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Internet Direct Marketing Retail 
 
 6M L + Floor) 

Retail Services WIS Corporation 
 (10) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

South Coast Terminals, LLC 
 (10) 
 
 Chemicals 
 
 1M L + Floor) 

Work Genius Holdings, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 3M S + Floor) 

Xenon Arc, Inc. 
 (10) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 6M L + Floor) 

Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Investments 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) 
 (3)(6)(9) 
 
 Software 
 
 6M L + PIK Floor) 

Total Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Investments 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

4L Technologies Inc Common Stock 
 (8) 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 

4L Technologies Inc Preferred Stock 
 (8) 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 

Advanced Solutions International Preferred Equity 
 (8) 
 
 Software 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC (Equity Interest) 
 (8) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

Fusion Connect Inc. Backstop Warrants 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect Inc. Common Stock 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect Inc. Equity Investor Warrants 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect Inc. Investor Warrants 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect Inc. Series A Preferred 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Fusion Connect Inc. Series B Preferred 
 (8) 
 
 IT Services 

Investcorp Transformer Aggregator LP 
 (8) 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

Pegasus Aggregator Holdings LP 
 (8) 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 

Victors CCC Aggregator LP 
 (8) 
 
 Professional Services 

Work Genius Holdings, Inc.(8) 
 (8) 
 
 Professional Services 

Total Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total Non-Controlled/Non-Affiliates Investments 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 89 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2022 

Investments (1)(2) 

Industry 
 
 Interest Rate 
 
 Initial Acquisition Date 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Principal Amount/ Shares (3) 
 
 Amortized Cost 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 of Net Assets 

Affiliated Investments (12) 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term A 
 (3)(9) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + PIK Floor) 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term C 

Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC Revolver 
 (4)(9) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 
 
 3M L + Floor) 

Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP 
 (3) 
 
 Auto Components 
 
 6M L + PIK 

Total Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC (Equity Interest) 
 (8) 
 
 Energy Equipment Services 

Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP Common Stock 
 (8) 
 
 Auto Components 

Total Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total Affiliated Investments 

Total Investments 

Liabilities in excess of other assets 

Net Assets 

(1) at fair value and represented of the Company s net assets. 

(2) 

(3) 

(4) 

(5) of the Company s total assets. As of June 30, 2022, non-qualifying assets represente d of the Company s total assets, at fair value. 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) 

(11) (Floor per the credit agreement and the Consolidated Schedule of Investments above reflects such higher rate. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 90 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments (continued) 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 (12) or more, up to (inclusive), of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities non-controlled affiliate ). As defined in the 1940 Act, the Company is deemed to be both an affiliated person and control a portfolio company if it owns more than of the portfolio company s outstanding voting securities or has the power to exercise control over the management or policies of such portfolio company (including through a management agreement). As of June 30, 2022 , the Company had no Control Investments. 

Transactions related to investments in non-controlled Affiliate Investments for the year ended June 30, 2022 were as follows: 

Portfolio Company 
 
 Type of Investment (a) 
 
 June 30, 2021 Value 
 
 Gross Additions (b) 
 
 Gross Reductions (c) 
 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 
 Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
 
 June 30, 2022 Value 
 
 Amount of Interest or Dividends Credited to Income (d) 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan A (3M LIBOR + PIK) 

Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan B (3M LIBOR + PIK) 

Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan C (3M LIBOR + 

Revolver (3M LIBOR + 

Common Equity Interest (e) 

Techniplas Foreign Holdco LP 
 
 Senior Secured First Lien Term Loan C PIK) 

Common Stock (e) 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

(d) 

(e) 

 as of June 30, 2022) 3M L 3-month LIBOR as of June 30, 2022) 6M L 6-month LIBOR as of June 30, 2022) PRIME as of June 30, 2022 PIK Payment-In-Kind 1M S 1-month SOFR as of June 30, 2022) 
 as of June 30, 2022 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 91 

Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 June 30, 2023 
 shares of its common stock, par value , including the underwriters over-allotment, at a price of per share with net proceeds of approximately million. CM Finance LLC, a Maryland limited liability company, commenced operations in March 2012. Immediately prior to the Offering, CM Finance LLC was merged with and into the Company (the Merger ). In connection with the Merger, the Company issued shares of common stock and million in debt to the pre-existing CM Finance LLC investors, consisting of funds managed by Cyrus Capital Partners, L.P. (the Original Investors or the Cyrus Funds ). The Company had no assets or operations prior to completion of the Merger and, as a result, the books and records of CM Finance LLC became the books and records of the Company, as the surviving entity. Immediately after the Merger, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Stifel Venture Corp. in exchange for million in cash. The Company used all of the proceeds of the sale of shares to Stifel Stifel ), to repurchase shares of common stock from the Original Investors. Immediately after the completion of the Offering, the Company had shares outstanding. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds of the Offering to repay of the debt issued to the Original Investors in connection with the Merger. CM Investment Partners LLC (the Adviser serves as the Company s investment adviser. On August 30, 2019, Investcorp Credit Management US LLC Investcorp ), a subsidiary of Investcorp Bank Holdings B.S.C., acquired the interests in the Adviser, which were previously held by the Cyrus Funds and Stifel and paid off certain debt owed by the Adviser, resulting in Investcorp having a majority ownership interest in the Adviser (the Investcorp Transaction ). On August 30, 2019, CM Finance, Inc. changed its name to Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. In connection with the Investcorp Transaction, on June 26, 2019, the Company entered into a definitive stock purchase and transaction agreement with Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited Investcorp BDC ), an affiliate of Investcorp (the Stock Purchase Agreement ). Under the Stock Purchase Agreement, Investcorp BDC was required by August 30, 2021 to purchase (i) newly issued shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, at the most recently determined net asset value per share of the Company s common stock at the time of such purchase, as adjusted as necessary to comply with Section 23 of the 1940 Act, and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock in open-market or secondary transactions. Investcorp BDC has completed all required purchases under the Stock Purchase Agreement. In connection with the Investcorp Transaction, on June 26, 2019, the Company s board of directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (each, an Independent Director ), unanimously approved a new investment advisory agreement (the Advisory Agreement which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders at a special meeting of stockholders held on August 28, 2019. In connection with the closing of the Investcorp Transaction, on August 30, 2019, the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement and a new administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with the Adviser as its investment adviser and administrator, respectively. The Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement are substantially similar to the Company s prior investment advisory agreement between the Company and the Adviser and the Company s prior administration agreement, respectively. The Company s primary investment objective is to maximize total return to stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing directly in debt and related equity of privately held middle-market companies to help these companies fund acquisitions, growth or refinancing. The Company invests primarily in middle-market companies in the form of standalone first and second lien, unitranche loans and mezzanine loans. The Company may also invest in unsecured debt, bonds and in the equity of portfolio companies through warrants and other instruments. As a BDC, the Company is required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, as a BDC, the Company must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets specified in the 1940 Act unless, at the time the acquisition is made, at least of total assets are qualifying assets. Qualifying assets include investments in eligible portfolio companies. Under the relevant Securities and Exchange Commission SEC rules, the term eligible portfolio company includes all private operating companies, operating companies whose securities are not listed on a national securities exchange, and certain public operating companies that have listed their securities on a national securities exchange and have a market capitalization of less than million, in each case organized and with their principal of business in the United States. From time-to-time, the Company may form taxable subsidiaries that are taxed as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes (the Taxable Subsidiaries ). At June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had taxable subsidiaries. 

, and of prepayment penalties and unamortized discounts upon prepayment were recorded as interest income, respectively. Structuring fees and similar fees are recognized as income as earned, usually when received. Structuring fees, excess deal deposits, net profits interests and overriding royalty interests are included in other fee income. Management reviews all loans that become 90 days or more past due on principal or interest or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected for possible placement on non-accrual status. Accrued and unpaid interest is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. However, capitalized PIK interest will not be reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon management s judgment regarding collectability. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in management s judgment, are likely to remain current, although management may make exceptions to this general rule if the loan has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. As of June 30, 2023 , the Company had loans on non-accrual status, 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term A, Term C and Revolver, American Nuts Holdings, LLC - Term A and Term B, and American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) Revolver, which collectively represented of the Company s portfolio at fair value. As of June 30, 2022 , the Company had loans on non-accrual status, 1888 Industrial Services, LLC Term A and Revolver, DSG Entertainment Services, Inc, and the American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (d/b/a Premiere Global Services, Inc.) First and Second lien loans and Revolver, which collectively represented of the Company s portfolio at fair value. Dividend income is recorded on the ex-dividend date. Investment transactions are accounted for on a trade-date basis. Realized gains or losses on investments are determined by calculating the difference between the net proceeds from the disposition and the amortized cost basis of the investments, without regard to unrealized gains or losses previously recognized. Realized gains or losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific identification method. The Company reports changes in fair value of investments as a component of the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company holds debt investments in its portfolio that contain a payment-in-kind PIK interest provision. PIK interest, which represents contractually deferred interest added to the investment balance that is generally due at maturity, is recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. PIK interest is not accrued if the Company does not expect the issuer to be able to pay all principal and interest when due. The Company earned PIK interest of , and during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively. The Company may hold equity investments in its portfolio that contain a PIK dividend provision. PIK dividends, which represent contractual dividend payments added to the investment balance, are recorded on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are expected to be collected. The Company earned PIK dividends of and during the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , respectively. The Company earned PIK dividends during the year ended June 30, 2021 . 

filing of a shelf registration statement. These costs are capitalized when incurred and recognized as a reduction of offering proceeds when the offering is completed. 
 
 process for Level 3 investments is completed on a quarterly basis and is designed to subject the valuation of Level 3 investments to an appropriate level of consistency, oversight and review. The valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of the Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment. These investment professionals prepare the preliminary valuations based on their evaluation of financial and operating data, company specific developments, market valuations of comparable securities from the same company or that of comparable companies as well as any other relevant factors including recent purchases and sales that may have occurred preceding month-end. Valuation models are typically calibrated upon initial funding and are re-calibrated as necessary upon subsequent material events (including, but not limited to additional financing activity, changes in comparable companies, and recent trades). The preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with senior management of the Adviser. On a periodic basis and at least once annually, independent valuation firm(s) engaged by the Company conduct independent appraisals and review the Adviser s preliminary valuations and make their own independent assessment. The Valuation Committee of the Company s board of directors then reviews the preliminary valuations of the Adviser and that of the independent valuation firms. The Valuation Committee discusses the valuations and makes a recommendation to the Company s board of directors regarding the fair value of each investment in good faith based on the input of the Adviser and the independent valuation firm(s). Upon recommendation by the Valuation Committee and a review of the valuation materials of the Adviser and the third-party independent valuation firm(s), the board of directors of the Company determines, in good faith, the fair value of each investment. Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act was recently adopted by the SEC and establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. Our board of directors has adopted valuation policies and procedures that are intended to comply with Rule 2a-5. For more information on the classification of the Company s investments by major categories, see Note 4. The fair value of the Company s assets and liabilities that qualify as financial instruments under U.S. GAAP approximates the carrying amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 of the Company s investment company taxable income which is generally the Company s net ordinary income plus the excess, if any, of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses. If the Company continues to qualify as a RIC and continues to satisfy the annual distribution requirement, the Company will not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any income that the Company distributes to its stockholders. The Company intends to make distributions in an amount sufficient to maintain RIC status each year and to avoid any federal income taxes on income. The Company will also be subject to nondeductible U.S. federal excise taxes if the Company does not distribute to its stockholders at least of net ordinary income, of capital gains, if any, and any recognized and undistributed income from prior years for which it paid no U.S. federal income taxes. The Company incurred excise tax expenses of , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (included in the provision for tax expenses on the consolidated statement of operations). Book and tax basis differences that are permanent differences are reclassified among the Company s capital accounts, as appropriate at year-end. Additionally, the tax character of distributions is determined in accordance with the Code, which differs from U.S. GAAP. During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , the Company recorded distributions of million, million and million, respectively. For certain years, the tax character of a portion of distributions may be return of capital. U.S. GAAP requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing the Company s tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet a more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax expense in the current year. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions as part of the tax provision. The Company has analyzed such tax positions and has concluded that no unrecognized tax benefits should be recorded for uncertain tax positions. The tax years ended June 30, 2020 through the present remain subject to examination by taxing authorities. This conclusion may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based on factors, including but not limited to, ongoing analysis and changes to laws, regulations, and interpretations thereof. Permanent differences between investment company taxable income and net investment income for financial reporting purposes are reclassified among capital accounts in the financial statements to reflect their tax character. Differences in classification may also result from the treatment of short-term gains as ordinary income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. During the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 , 

Distributable earnings 

The tax character of all distributions paid by the Company during the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 were ordinary income. 

Accumulated capital gains (losses) and other 

Capital loss carryover 

Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Distributions payable 

Distributable earnings (loss) 

For U.S. federal income tax purposes, net realized capital losses may be carried over to offset future capital gains, if any. These capital losses can be carried forward for an indefinite period and will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. As of June 30, 2023 , the Company had a net short-term capital loss carryforward of and a net long-term capital loss carryforward of available to be carried forward for an indefinite period. A RIC may elect to defer any capital losses incurred after October 31 of a taxable year post-October to the beginning of the following fiscal year. As of June 30, 2023 , the Company had a post-October short-term capital loss deferral of and a post-October long-term capital loss deferral of . These losses are deemed to arise on July 1, 2023 . 
 , computed net of the Company s aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and the Company s aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fees. If such amount is negative, then no Capital Gains Fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a fiscal year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a fiscal year end for purposes of calculating and paying the Capital Gains Fee. Therefore, under the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee was not charged until the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. As of June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 , there was capital gains incentive fee payable to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. 

In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) - Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions , which was issued to (1) clarify the guidance in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an equity security, (2) to amend a related illustrative example, and (3) to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company does not anticipate the new standard will have a material impact to the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

Investment sales and repayments 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total 

The composition of the Company s investments as of June 30, 2022, by investment type, as a percentage of the total portfolio, at amortized cost and fair value, are as follows: 

Investment Type 
 
 Investments at Amortized Cost 

Percentage of Total Portfolio 
 
 Investments at Fair Value 

Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Investments 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total 

Professional Services 

IT Services 

Commercial Services Supplies 

Software 

Containers Packaging 

Machinery 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 

Entertainment 

Household Durables 

Chemicals 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Automobile Components 

Hotels, Restaurants, and Leisure 

Consumer Staples Distribution Retail 

Specialty Retail 

Building Products 

Food Products 

Automotive Retail 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 

Energy Equipment Services 

Total 

The following table shows the portfolio composition by industry grouping at fair value at June 30, 2022: 

Industry Classification 
 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

Professional Services 

IT Services 

Internet Direct Marketing Retail 

Household Durables 

Trading Companies Distributors 

Commercial Services Supplies 

Chemicals 

Energy Equipment Services 

Distributors 

Consumer Finance 

Software 

Entertainment 

Auto Components 

Food Staples Retailing 

Containers Packaging 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Specialty Retail 

Building Products 

Food Products 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments Components 

Total 

U.S. West 

U.S. Midwest 

U.S. Southeast 

U.S. Mid-Atlantic 

U.S. Southwest 

International 

Total 

The following table shows the portfolio composition by geographic grouping at fair value at June 30, 2022: 

Geographic Region 
 
 Investments at Fair Value 
 
 Percentage of Total Portfolio 

U.S. Northeast 

U.S. West 

U.S. Midwest 

U.S. Mid-Atlantic 

U.S. Southwest 

U.S. Southeast 

International 

Total 

The Company s primary investment objective is to maximize total return to stockholders in the form of current income and capital appreciation by investing directly in debt and related equity of privately held middle-market companies to help these companies fund acquisitions, growth or refinancing. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company made investments in new and existing portfolio companies of approximately million and million, respectively, to which it was not previously contractually committed to provide financial support. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company made investments of million in companies to which it was committed to provide financial support through the terms of the revolvers and delayed draw term loans. The details of the Company s investments have been disclosed on the Consolidated Schedule of Investments. c. Derivatives Derivative contracts include total return swaps and embedded derivatives in Notes Payable. The Company enters into derivative contracts as part of its investment strategies. The Company may enter into derivative contracts as part of its investment strategies. On October 28, 2020, the SEC adopted a rule that modifies the conditions by which BDCs can enter into, or cover open positions pursuant to, certain derivatives contracts that involve potential future payment obligations (the Derivatives Rule ). The Derivatives Rule requires a BDC entering into a derivatives contract to develop and implement a derivatives risk management program, to comply with an outer limit on asset coverage ratio based on the VaR value-at-risk test, and to report its derivative activity to its board of directors on a regular basis. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , the Company held derivative contracts. d. Fair Value Measurements ASC 820 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset, or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a framework for measuring fair value and a valuation hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation of an asset or liability based upon their transparency. The valuation hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Classification within the hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value have been classified in the following three categories: Level 1 valuation is based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access at the measurement date. Level 2 valuation is based on inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, such as (a) quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; (b) quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, that is, markets in which there are few transactions for the asset or liability, the prices are not current, or price quotations vary substantially either over time or among market makers, or in which little information is released publicly; (c) inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability; or (d) inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. Level 3 valuation is based on unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date. However, the fair value measurement objective remains the same, that is, an exit price from the perspective of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability. Therefore, unobservable inputs reflect the Company s own assumptions about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best information available under the circumstances, which might include the Company s own data. The Company s own data used to develop unobservable inputs is adjusted if information is reasonably available without undue cost and effort that indicates that market participants would use different assumptions. The availability of observable inputs can vary from security to security and is affected by a wide variety of factors, including, for example, the type of security, whether the security is new and not yet established in the marketplace, the liquidity of the market and other characteristics particular to the security. To the extent that valuation is based on models or inputs that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Accordingly, the degree of judgment exercised in determining fair value is greatest for instruments categorized in Level 3. Estimates of fair value for cash and restricted cash are measured using observable, quoted market prices, or Level 1 inputs. All other fair value significant estimates are measured using unobservable inputs, or Level 3 inputs. 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total Investments 

The following table summarizes the classifications within the fair value hierarchy of the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of June 30, 2022: 

Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 

Assets 

Investments 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Investments 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Total Investments 

Purchases (including PIK interest) 

Sales 

Amortization 

Net realized gains (losses) 

Transfers in 

Transfers out 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) 

Fair value at June 30, 2023 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to assets still held as of June 30, 2023 

The following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for investments that use Level 3 inputs for the year ended June 30, 2022: 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 
 
 Senior Secured Second Lien Debt Investments 
 
 Unsecured Debt Investments 
 
 Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 
 
 Total Investments 

Fair value at June 30, 2021 

Purchases (including PIK interest) 

Sales 

Amortization 

Net realized gains (losses) 

Transfers in 

Transfers out 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation 

Fair value at June 30, 2022 

Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) relating to assets still held as of June 30, 2022 

Transfers into Level 3 during or at the end of the reporting period are reported under Level 1 or Level 2 as of the beginning of the period. Transfers out of Level 3 during or at the end of the reporting period are reported under Level 3 as of the beginning of the period. Changes in unrealized gains (losses) relating to Level 3 instruments are included in net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments and derivatives on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended June 30, 2023 , transferred from Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments Level 3 to Equity, Warrants and Other Investments Level 3 due to restructuring. During the year ended June 30, 2022 , transferred from Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments Level 3 to Equity, Warrants and Other Investments Level 3 due to restructuring and during the year ended June 30, 2021, the Company did not transfer any investments among Levels 1, 2 and 3. The following tables provide quantitative information regarding the Company s Level 3 fair value measurements as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 . This information presents the significant unobservable inputs that were used in the valuation of each type of investment. These inputs are not representative of the inputs that could have been used in the valuation of any one investment. For example, the highest market yield presented in the table for senior secured notes is appropriate for valuing a specific investment but may not be appropriate for valuing any other investment. Accordingly, the ranges of inputs presented below do not represent uncertainty in, or possible ranges of, fair value measurements of the Company s Level 3 investments. In addition to the techniques and inputs noted in the tables below, according to our valuation policy we may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining our fair value measurements. 
 
 Income Approach 
 
 Market Yields 

- 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 

x- x 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x 

x- x 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Recent Transaction 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Recovery Analysis 
 
 Recovery Amount 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Equity, Warrants, and Other Investments 

Income Approach 
 
 Market Yields 

Equity, Warrants, and Other Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
 x 

x- x 

Equity, Warrants, and Other Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x 

x 

Fair Value as of June 30, 2022 
 
 Valuation Methodology 
 
 Unobservable Input(s) 
 
 Weighted Average 

Range 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Income Approach 
 
 Market Yields 

- 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 

x x 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x 

x x 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Recent Transaction 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Senior Secured First Lien Debt Investments 

Recovery Analysis 
 
 Recovery Amount 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Income Approach 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 x 

x x 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Market Comparable Approach 
 
 Revenue Multiple 
 
 x 

x x 

Equity, Warrants and Other Investments 

Recent Transaction 
 
 Recent Transaction 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 are sensitive to changes in the assumptions or methodology used to determine fair value and such changes could result in a significant increase or decrease in the fair value. Significant increases in illiquidity discounts, PIK discounts and market yields would result in significantly lower fair value measurements. 

 103 

million financing transaction (as amended, the Term Financing due December 5, 2021 with UBS AG, London Branch (together with its affiliates UBS ). The Term Financing was collateralized by the portion of the Company s assets held by SPV (the SPV Assets ). The Company subsequently repaid million of the Term Financing on April 15, 2020. Borrowings under the Term Financing, as amended, bore interest with respect to the million (i) at a rate per annum equal to one-month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR plus from December 5, 2019 through December 4, 2020, and (ii) at a rate per annum equal to one-month LIBOR plus from December 5, 2020 through December 4, 2021. On November 19, 2021, the Company repaid the Term Financing in full in accordance with the terms of the Term Financing and the agreement was terminated. As of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022 , there were borrowings outstanding under the Term Financing. On November 20, 2017, as subsequently amended, the Company entered into a million revolving financing facility with UBS, which was subsequently amended on June 21, 2019 to reduce the size of the facility to million and extend the maturity date (as amended, the Revolving Financing ). On September 30, 2020, the Company amended the Revolving Financing to reduce the size of the Revolving Financing to million and extend the maturity date to . Borrowings under the Revolving Financing generally bore interest at a rate per annum equal to one-month LIBOR plus . The Company paid a fee on any undrawn amounts of per annum. Any amounts borrowed under the Revolving Financing would mature, and all accrued and unpaid interest was due and payable, on the same day as the Term Financing, which was December 5, 2021. On November 19, 2021, the Company satisfied all obligations under the Revolving Financing and the agreement was terminated. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , there were borrowings outstanding under the Revolving Financing. On August 23, 2021, the Company, through SPV LLC entered into a five-year, million senior secured revolving credit facility (the Capital One Revolving Financing with Capital One, N.A. Capital One ), which is secured by collateral consisting primarily of loans in the Company s investment portfolio. On June 14, 2023, we amended the Capital One Revolving Financing to decrease the facility size from million to million. The Capital One Revolving Financing, which will expire on (the Maturity Date ), features a reinvestment period and a amortization period. Effective November 18, 2022, borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing generally bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus . The default interest rate will be equal to the interest rate then in effect plus . million) of the available borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing at the closing, and requires the payment of an unused fee of (i) 0.75 annually for any undrawn amounts below 50 of the Capital One Revolving Financing, (ii) 0.50 annually for any undrawn amounts between 50 and 75 of the Capital One Revolving Financing, and (iii) 0.25 annually for any undrawn amounts above 75 of the Capital One Revolving Financing. Borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing are based on a borrowing base. The Capital One Revolving Financing generally requires payment of interest and fees on a quarterly basis. All outstanding principal is due on the Maturity Date. The Capital One Revolving Financing also requires mandatory prepayment of interest and principal upon certain events. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there were million and million borrowings outstanding under the Capital One Revolving Financing. Restricted cash (as shown on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities) is held by the trustee of the Capital One Revolving Financing and is restricted to purchases of investments by SPV LLC that must meet certain eligibility criteria identified by the loan, security and investment management agreement governing the Capital One Revolving Financing. As of June 30, 2023, SPV LLC had a notional amount of million , which included million of the Company s portfolio investments at fair value, accrued interest receivable and million in cash held by the trustees of the Capital One Revolving Financing. As of June 30, 2022 , SPV LLC had a notional amount of million, which included million of the Company s portfolio investments at fair value, no accrued interest receivable and million in cash held by the trustees of the Capital One Revolving Financing. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the weighted average outstanding debt balance and the weighted average stated interest rate under the Capital One Revolving Financing, in aggregate was million and , respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2022 , the weighted average outstanding debt balance and the weighted average stated interest rate under the Term Financing, the Revolving Financing, and the Capital One Revolving Financing, in aggregate was million and , respectively. The fair value of the Company s borrowing is estimated based on the rate at which similar facilities would be priced. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the fair value of the Company s total borrowings was estimated at million and million, respectively under the Capital One Revolving Financing, which the Company concluded was a Level 3 fair value. In July 2018, the Company issued an aggregate of million in aggregate principal amount of notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes for total net proceeds after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses of approximately million. In October 2019 and November 2019, the Company issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes, which constituted a further issuance of, ranked equally in right of payment with, and formed a single series with the million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes that the Company initially issued in July 2018. The total net proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the 2023 Notes in October 2019 and November 2019 was approximately million, based on the purchase price paid by the underwriters and after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. and bore interest at a rate of . The 2023 Notes were the direct unsecured obligations and ranked pari passu, which means equal in right of payment, with all outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness issued by the Company. Because the 2023 Notes were not secured by any of the Company s assets, they were effectively subordinated to all of the Company s existing and future secured unsubordinated indebtedness (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured as to which the Company subsequently grants a security interest), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2023 Notes were structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries and financing vehicles, including, without limitation, borrowings under the Term Financing and the Revolving Financing. The 2023 Notes were the obligation exclusively of the Company and not of any of the Company s subsidiaries. None of the Company s subsidiaries was a guarantor of the 2023 Notes and the 2023 Notes could not be required to be guaranteed by any subsidiary the Company may acquire or create in the future. The 2023 Notes could be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option on or after July 1, 2020. On March 26, 2021, the Company caused notice to be issued to the holders of the 2023 Notes regarding its exercise of the option to redeem in full all in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at of their principal amount per Note), plus the accrued and unpaid interest thereon from April 1, 2021, through, but excluding, the redemption date, April 25, 2021. The 2023 Notes were redeemed in full on . On March 31, 2021, the Company closed the public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). The total net proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the 2026 Notes, after deducting the underwriting discount and commissions of million and estimated offering expenses of approximately payable by the Company, were approximately million. The 2026 Notes will mature on , unless previously redeemed or repurchased in accordance with their terms, and bear interest at a rate of . The 2026 Notes are direct unsecured obligations and rank pari passu, which means equal in right of payment, with all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness issued by the Company. Because the 2026 Notes are not secured by any of the Company s assets, they are effectively subordinated to all of the Company s existing and future secured unsubordinated indebtedness (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured as to which the Company subsequently grants a security interest), to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. The 2026 Notes are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries and financing vehicles, including, without limitation, borrowings under the Capital One Revolving Financing. The 2026 Notes are obligations exclusively of the Company and not of any of the Company s subsidiaries. None of the Company s subsidiaries is a guarantor of the 2026 Notes and the 2026 Notes will not be required to be guaranteed by any subsidiary the Company may acquire or create in the future. The 2026 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company s option, upon not less than days nor more than days written notice by mail prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof, at a redemption price (as determined by the Company) equal to the greater of the following amounts, plus, in each case, accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date: , however, that if the Company redeems any 2026 Notes on or after January 1, 2026 (the date falling three months prior to the maturity date of the 2026 Notes), the redemption price for the 2026 Notes will be equal to of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption; provided, further, that no such partial redemption shall reduce the portion of the principal amount of a 2026 Note not redeemed to less than . Interest on the 2026 Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, commencing October 1, 2021. The Company may from time to time repurchase 2026 Notes in accordance with the 1940 Act and the rules promulgated thereunder. As of June 30, 2023, the carrying amount of the 2026 Notes was million on an aggregate principal balance of million at a weighted average effective yield of . As of June 30, 2023, the fair value of the 2026 Notes was million . The Company concluded that this was Level 3 fair value under ASC 820. 

2025 

2026 

Total long-term debt 

1st 2023 

2nd 2023 

3rd 2023 

4th 2023 

Loans purchased by the Company may include revolving credit agreements or other financing commitments obligating the Company to advance additional amounts on demand. The Company generally sets aside sufficient liquid assets to cover its unfunded commitments, if any. 

Amerequip, LLC Revolver 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC Revolver 

Archer Systems, LLC Revolver 

Evergreen North America Acquisitions, LLC Revolver 

Flatworld Intermediate Corporation Revolver 

NWN Parent Holdings LLC Revolver 

South Coast Terminals LLC Revolver 

Work Genius Holdings, Inc Revolver 

Xenon Arc, Inc. Revolver 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

The following table details the Company s unfunded commitments as of June 30, 2022: 

Investments 
 
 Unfunded Commitment 
 
 Fair Value 
 
 Annual Non-use Fee 
 
 Expiration Date 

1888 Industrial Services, LLC Revolver 

Altern Marketing, LLC Revolver 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. Revolver 

Arborworks Acquisition LLC Revolver 

Empire Office Inc. Delayed Draw 

NWN Parent Holdings LLC Revolver 

South Coast Terminals LLC Revolver 

Xenon Arc, Inc. Revolver 

Xenon Arc, Inc. Delayed Draw 

Total Unfunded Commitments 

of the Company s gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds or other forms of leverage and excluding cash and cash equivalents (such amount, Gross Assets ). For the year ended June 30, 2023, in Base Management Fees were earned by the Adviser, of which was waived. As of June 30, 2023, of such fees were payable. For the year ended June 30, 2022 , in Base Management Fees were earned by the Adviser, of which was waived. As of June 30, 2022, of such fees were payable. For the year ended June 30, 2021 , in Base Management Fees were earned by the Adviser, of which was waived. As of June 30, 2021 , of such fees were payable. The Base Management Fee is calculated based on the average value of the Company s Gross Assets at the end of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters. The Base Management Fee is payable quarterly in arrears and the Base Management Fees for any partial month or quarter will be appropriately pro-rated. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Income-Based Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (as defined below) for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, subject to a total return requirement (the Total Return Requirement and deferral of non-cash amounts, and is of the amount, if any, by which the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets attributable to its common stock, for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter, exceeds a (which is annualized) hurdle rate and a catch-up provision measured as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Under this provision, in any fiscal quarter, the Adviser receives no Incentive Fee until the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income equals the hurdle rate of , but then receives, as a catch-up, of the Company s Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than (which is annualized). The effect of the catch-up provision is that, subject to the Total Return Requirement and deferral provisions discussed below, if Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income exceeds in any fiscal quarter, the Adviser receives of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, managerial assistance and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the fiscal quarter, minus the Company s operating expenses for the quarter (including the Base Management Fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense and any distributions paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the Incentive Fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount OID ), debt instruments with payment-in-kind PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. No Income-Based Fee is payable under the Advisory Agreement except to the extent of the cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations over the fiscal quarter for which fees are being calculated and the Lookback Period (as defined below) exceeds the cumulative Incentive Fees accrued and/or paid for the Lookback Period. The cumulative net increase in net assets resulting from operations is the amount, if positive, of the sum of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, realized gains and losses and unrealized appreciation and depreciation of the Company for the then current fiscal quarter and the Lookback Period. The Lookback Period means (1) through June 30, 2023, the period that commences on the last day of the fiscal quarter in which the Advisory Agreement became effective and ends on the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the fiscal quarter for which the Income-Based Fee is being calculated, and (2) after June 30, 2023, the eleven fiscal quarters immediately preceding the fiscal quarter for which the Income-Based Fee is being calculated. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred of Income-Based Fees. As of June 30, 2023, in incentive fees related to Income-Based Fees incurred by the Company are currently payable to the Adviser and in incentive fees related to Income-Based Fees incurred by the Company were generated from deferred interest (i.e. PIK and certain discount accretion) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash. For the year ended June 30, 2022 , the Company wrote off in previously deferred Income-Based incentive fees and incurred no incentive fees related to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, of which none was waived. As of June 30, 2022, in incentive fees related to Income-Based Fees incurred by the Company were generated from deferred interest (i.e., PIK and certain discount accretion) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash. For the year ended June 30, 2021 , the Company incurred incentive fees related to Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, of which none was waived. As of June 30, 2021 , in incentive fees related to Income-Based Fees incurred by the Company were generated from deferred interest (i.e., PIK and certain discount accretion) and are not payable until such amounts are received in cash. Any voluntary waivers of the incentive fee in no way implies that the Adviser will agree to waive any incentive fee in any future period. Any portion of the incentive fees waived are not subject to recapture. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021, and is equal to of our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains from the Commencement Date through the end of that fiscal year, computed net of the Company s aggregate cumulative realized capital losses and our aggregate cumulative unrealized capital depreciation through the end of such year, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid Capital Gains Fees. If such amount is negative, then no Capital Gains Fee will be payable for such year. Additionally, if the Advisory Agreement is terminated as of a date that is not a fiscal year end, the termination date will be treated as though it were a fiscal year end for purposes of calculating and paying the Capital Gains Fee. Under the Advisory Agreement, the Capital Gains Fee was not charged until the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023. Under U.S. GAAP, the Company calculates the Capital Gains Fee as if it had realized all assets at their fair values as of the reporting date. Accordingly, the Company accrues a provisional Capital Gains Fee taking into account any unrealized gains or losses. As the provisional Capital Gains Fee is subject to the performance of investments until there is a realization event, the amount of the provisional Capital Gains Fee accrued at a reporting date may vary from the Capital Gains Fee that is ultimately realized and the differences could be material. As of June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 , there was Capital Gains Fee accrued, earned or payable to the Adviser under the Advisory Agreement. The Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members, and any other person or entity affiliated with it, are entitled to indemnification from the Company for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of the Adviser s services under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as the Adviser. Mr. Mauer holds an approximate interest in the Adviser. Investcorp holds an approximate ownership interest in the Adviser. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay to the Adviser a Base Management Fee and an Incentive Fee. Mr. Mauer, an interested member of the Board, has a direct or indirect pecuniary interest in the Adviser. The Incentive Fee will be computed and paid on income that we may not have yet received in cash at the time of payment. This fee structure may create an incentive for the Adviser to invest in certain types of speculative securities. Additionally, the Company will rely on investment professionals from the Adviser to assist the Board with the valuation of the Company s portfolio investments. The Adviser s Base Management Fee and Incentive Fee is based on the value of our investments and, therefore, there may be a conflict of interest when personnel of the Adviser are involved in the valuation process for the Company s portfolio investments. Administration Agreement Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, the Adviser furnishes the Company with office facilities and equipment and will provide the Company with the clerical, bookkeeping, recordkeeping and other administrative services necessary to conduct day-to-day operations. Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser performs, or oversees the performance of the Company s required administrative services, which includes, among other things, being responsible for the financial records which it is required to maintain and preparing reports to its stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Adviser assists the Company in determining and publishing its net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of its tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports and other materials to its stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of its expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to it by others. Under the Administration Agreement, the Adviser also provides managerial assistance on the Company s behalf to those portfolio companies that have accepted its offer to provide such assistance. In addition, the Adviser may satisfy certain of its obligations to the Company under the Administration Agreement through the services agreement with Investcorp International Inc., an affiliate of Investcorp, including supplying the Company with accounting and back-office professionals upon the request of the Adviser. The Company incurred costs of , , and under the Administration Agreement for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively. As of June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021 , the Company recorded accrued expenses and other liabilities for reimbursement of expenses owed to the Adviser under the Administration Agreement. Stock Purchase Agreement In connection with the Investcorp Transaction, on June 26, 2019, the Company entered into a definitive stock purchase and transaction agreement with Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited Investcorp BDC ), an affiliate of Investcorp (the Stock Purchase Agreement ), pursuant to which Investcorp BDC was required by August 30, 2021, to purchase (i) newly issued shares of the Company s common stock, at the most recently determined net asset value per share of the Company s common stock at the time of such purchase, as adjusted as necessary to comply with Section 23 of the 1940 Act, and (ii) shares of the Company s common stock in open-market or secondary transactions. Investcorp BDC completed all remaining required purchases under the Stock Purchase Agreement during the quarter ended September 30, 2021. Co-investment Exemptive Relief On July 20, 2021, the SEC issued an order, which superseded a prior order issued on March 19, 2019, granting the Company s application for exemptive relief to co-invest, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, in certain private placement transactions with other funds managed by the Adviser or its affiliates and any future funds that are advised by the Adviser or its affiliated investment advisers (the Exemptive Relief ). Under the terms of the Exemptive Relief, in order for the Company to participate in a co-investment transaction a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of the directors who are not interested persons of the Company, as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act (each, an Independent Director must conclude that (i) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to the Company and its stockholders and do not involve overreaching in respect of the Company or its stockholders on the part of any person concerned, and (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent with the interests of the Company s stockholders and is consistent with the Company s investment objectives and strategies. License Agreement The Company has entered into a license agreement with the Adviser under which the Adviser has agreed to grant the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use the name Investcorp. Under this agreement, the Company has a right to use the Investcorp name for so long as the Adviser or one of its affiliates remains the Company s investment adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, the Company has no legal right to the Investcorp name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser is in effect and Investcorp is the majority owner of the Adviser. 

 , and (ii) plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending in person or telephonically each regular board of directors meeting and each special telephonic meeting. Each Independent Director also receives plus reimbursement of reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with each committee meeting attended in person and each telephonic committee meeting. The chairman of the audit committee receives an annual fee of . The chairperson of the valuation committee, the nominating and corporate governance committee and the compensation committee receives an annual fee of , and , respectively. The Company has obtained directors and officers liability insurance on behalf of the Company s directors and officers. For the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, the Company recorded directors fees of , , and , respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company recorded directors fees payable of and , respectively. 

 109 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 

Basic/diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations per share 

On September 3, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock, par value per share to Investcorp at a price of per share for an aggregate offering price of . On March 4, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock, par value per share, to Investcorp BDC at a price of per share for an aggregate offering price of . On December 4, 2019, the Company issued shares of common stock, par value per share to Investcorp BDC at a price of per share for an aggregate offering price of . The sales of the Company s common stock to Investcorp BDC were made pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement. The issuance of the Company s common stock is exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) thereof and Regulation D thereunder. Investcorp BDC is an accredited investor as that term is defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. 

 110 

# 

# 

Long-term capital gains 

Total 

Issuance of common shares 

Reinvestments of stockholder distributions 

Balance at end of period 

Net investment income 

Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 

Capital transactions (2) 

Share repurchases 

Dividends from net investment income 

Distributions from net realized gains 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from capital transactions 

Offering costs 

Net asset value, end of year 

Market value per share, end of year 

Total return based on market value (3) 

Shares outstanding at end of year 

Ratio/Supplemental Data: 

Net assets, at end of year 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of net expenses to average net assets 

Ratio of interest expense and fees and amortization of deferred debt issuance costs to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income before fee waiver to average net assets 

Ratio of net investment income after fee waiver to average net assets 

Total Borrowings 

Asset Coverage Ratio (4) 

Portfolio Turnover Rate 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) . 

Total return is calculated based on a time-weighted rate of return methodology for the stockholders and is not annualized. Total return is reflected after all investment-related and operating expenses. A stockholder s return may vary from these returns based on the timing of capital transactions. The ratios to average stockholders capital are calculated based on the monthly average stockholders capital during the period. The ratios to average stockholders capital are calculated based on the monthly average stockholders capital during the period. Credit facility related expenses include interest expense and amortization of deferred debt issuance costs. 

Prepayment Fee Income 

Other Fees 

Other Fee Income 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

Net unrealized investment depreciation 

As of June 30, 2022, the Company s aggregate investment unrealized appreciation and depreciation based on cost for U.S. federal income tax purposes were as follows: 

Tax cost 

Gross unrealized appreciation 

Gross unrealized depreciation 

Net unrealized investment depreciation 

million, which included investments in new portfolio company and existing portfolio company. As of September 15, 2023, the Company had investments in portfolio companies. On , the Company s board of directors declared a distribution for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 of per share payable on to stockholders of record as of and a supplemental distribution of per share payable on to stockholders of record as of . 

 113 

Item 9. 	 Changes in and Disagreements with Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no changes in or disagreements on accounting or financial disclosure with RSM US LLP, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 
 Item 9A. Cont rols and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of June 30, 2023 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based upon the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO 2013 ). Based on our assessment, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. Pursuant to rules established by the SEC, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management did not identify any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other I nformation 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, none of our directors or officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 114 

PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to the annual report on Form 10-K. Only those sections of our definitive Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 Item 10. 	 Directors, Executive Officers and Cor porate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees. This code of ethics is published on our website at www.icmbdc.com. We intend to disclose any future amendments to, or waivers from, this code of conduct within four business days of the waiver or amendment through a Web site posting. 
 Item 11. 	 Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 Item 12. 	 Security Owne rship of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 Item 13. 	 Certa in Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 Item 14. 	 Principal A ccountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from the Company s definitive Proxy Statement relating to the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year. 
 
 115 

PA RT IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Fi nancial Statement Schedules 
 a. Documents Filed as Part of this Report 

The following financial statements are set forth in Item 8: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 77 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 79 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022, and June 30, 2021 
 80 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022, and June 30, 2021 
 81 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022, and June 30, 2021 
 82 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of June 30, 2023 
 83 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments as of June 30, 2022 
 88 

Consolidated Notes to Financial Statements 
 92 

b. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 

3.1 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement (1) 

3.2 
 Articles of Amendment (4) 

3.3 
 Bylaws (1) 

4.1 
 Form of Stock Certificate (1) 

4.2 
 Base Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2018, by and between Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (2) 

4.3 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 2, 2018, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association relating to the 6.125 Notes Due 2023 (3) 

4.4 
 Description of Securities 

4.5 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 31, 2021, between Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (11) 

4.6 
 Form of Global Note with respect to the 4.875 Notes due 2026 (11) 

10.1 
 Investment Advisory Agreement, dated August 30, 2019, by and between Registrant and CM Investment Partners LLC (4) 

10.2 
 Administration Agreement, dated August 30, 2019, by and between Registrant and CM Investment Partners LLC (4) 

10.3 
 Form of Dividend Reinvestment Plan (5) 

10.4 
 Custody Agreement, dated August 31, 2017, by and between Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (6) 

10.5 
 Trademark License Agreement, dated August 30, 2019, by and between the Registrant and CM Investment Partners LLC (4) 

10.6 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and the Directors (1) 

10.7 
 Registration Right Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2013, between Registrant and certain stockholders (5) 

10.8 
 Amendment Agreement by and among CM SPV Ltd., CM Investment Partners LLC and U.S. Bank, as Collateral Administrator, amending the Collateral Administration Agreement and the Collateral Management Agreement (7) 

10.9 
 Contribution Agreement between Registrant and CM SPV Ltd. (7) 

10.10 
 Total Return Swap Transaction Confirmation Letter Agreement between UBS and Registrant regarding the Class A-R Notes (7) 

10.11 
 Global Master Repurchase Agreement and Annexes thereto (the GMRA ), dated as of June 11, 2019, between UBS and Registrant (7) 

10.12 
 Subscription Agreement with respect to the Class A-2 Notes sale, between Registrant and UBS Securities LLC, as placement agent (7) 

10.13 
 Placement Agency Agreement, between CM SPV Ltd. and the Placement Agent (7) 

10.14 
 Second Amended and Restated Account Control Agreement, among CM SPV Ltd. and U.S. Bank as Revolving Credit Note Agent and Trustee (7) 

116 

10.15 
 Stock Purchase and Transaction Agreement, dated June 26, 2019, by and between Registrant and Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited (8) 

10.16 
 Mutual Purchase Agreement Waiver and Agreement, dated August 28, 2019, by and between the Company and Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited (4) 

10.17 
 Second Mutual Purchase Agreement Waiver and Agreement, dated March 9, 2020, by and between the Company and Investcorp BDC Holdings Limited (9) 

10.18 
 Third Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note Agreement by and among the Company, CM SPV, UBS, and U.S. Bank, as Revolving Credit Note Agent and Trustee (10) 

10.19 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture with an attached Eighth Amended and Restated Indenture between CM SPV and U.S. Bank (10) 

10.20 
 Amended Confirmation under the GMRA with respect to the Class A-1 Notes, between the Company and UBS (10) 

10.21 
 Confirmation under the GMRA with respect to the Revolving Financing, between the Company and UBS (10) 

10.22 
 Loan, Security and Investment Management Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, by and among CM Investment Partners LLC, Investcorp BDC SPV, as borrower, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Capital One, as administrative agent, hedge counterparty, swingline lender and arranger, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral custodian (12) 

10.23 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, by and between Investcorp BDC SPV, as buyer, and the Company, as seller (12) 

10.24 
 Pledge Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, by and between the Company, as pledgor, in favor of Capital One, as administrative agent (12) 

10.25 
 Second Amendment, dated November 18, 2022, to Loan, Security and Investment Management Agreement by and among CM Investment Partners, LLC, as investment manager, Investcorp Credit Management BDC SPV, LLC, as borrower, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, Webster Bank, N.A., and Capital One, as administrative agent, swingline lender and as arranger (13) 

10.26 
 Third Amendment, dated June 14, 2023, to Loan, Security and Collateral Management Agreement by and among Investcorp Credit Management BDC SPV, LLC, as borrower, each of the lenders party thereto, Capital One, National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender and as arranger, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as collateral custodian, and CM Investment Partners, LLC, as collateral manager (14) 

14.1 
 Code of Ethics of Registrant (1) 

19.1 
 Insider Trading Policy 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant: CM Finance SPV Ltd. (Cayman) CM Finance SPV LLC (Delaware) Investcorp Credit Management BDC SPV, LLC (Delaware) 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-192370), filed on November 15, 2013. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-223999), filed on April 9, 2019. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-223999), filed on July 2, 2018. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on September 3, 2019. 

117 

(5) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-192370), filed on December 20, 2013. 

(6) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Form 10-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on September 6, 2017. 

(7) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on June 27, 2019. 

(8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on July 1, 2019. 

(9) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on March 10, 2020. 

(10) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on October 5, 2020. 

(11) Incorporated by reference to Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on March 31, 2021. 

(12) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed on August 25, 2021. 

(13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed with the SEC on November 22, 2022. 

(14) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-01054), filed with the SEC on June 21, 2023. 

118 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

INVESTCORP CREDIT MANAGEMENT BDC, INC. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael C. Mauer 

Michael C. Mauer Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rocco DelGuercio 

Rocco DelGuercio Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael C. Mauer 

Michael C. Mauer Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rocco DelGuercio 

Rocco DelGuercio Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Suhail A. Shaikh 

Suhail A. Shaikh President and Director 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Julie Persily 

Julie Persily Director 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Lee M. Shaiman 

Lee M. Shaiman Director 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Thomas Sullivan 

Thomas Sullivan Director 

119 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 icmb-ex4_4.htm
 EX-4.4

EX-4.4 

Exhibit 4.4 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. we, our or the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): its common stock, par value 0.001 per share common stock ).ng descriptions of the Company s common stock and the Notes are based on, as applicable, the relevant portions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, the Company s Articles of Amendment and Restatement (the charter ), and its Bylaws (the bylaws ). This summary is a description of the material terms of, and is qualified in its entirety by, the charter, the bylaws and the indenture, each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, this summary may not contain all of the information that is important to you. We refer you to the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter, bylaws and the indenture for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meaning ascribed to them in the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this Description of Securities is an exhibit. 
 Description of Our Capital Stock 
 Our authorized stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of stock, par value 0.001 per share, all of which are initially designated as common stock. Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Select Market under the ticker symbol ICMB. There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Our fiscal year-end is June 30th. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations. As of June 30, 2023, we had 14,391,775 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, and no shares of our preferred stock outstanding. 
 Under our charter, our board of directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock without obtaining stockholder approval. As permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that the board of directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 Common Stock 
 All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, voting, and distributions and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of assets legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will be unable to elect any director. 
 
 Limitation on Liability of Directors and Officers; Indemnification and Advance of Expenses 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland corporation to include in its charter a provision limiting the liability of its directors and officers to the corporation and its stockholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty established by a final judgment and which is material to the cause of action. Our charter contains such a provision which eliminates directors and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 Our charter authorizes us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee, from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her status as a present or former director or officer and to pay or reimburse their reasonable 
 1 

expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law and subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, to indemnify any present or former director or officer or any individual who, while a director and at our request, serves or has served another corporation, real estate investment trust, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise as a director, officer, partner or trustee and who is made a party to the proceeding by reason of his service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that person may become subject or which that person may incur by reason of his or her status as a present or former director or officer and to pay or reimburse their reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. The charter and bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any person who served a predecessor of us in any of the capacities described above and any of our employees or agents or any employees or agents of our predecessor. In accordance with the 1940 Act, we will not indemnify any person for any liability to which such person would be subject by reason of such person s willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of his office. 
 Maryland law requires a corporation (unless its charter provides otherwise, which our charter does not) to indemnify a director or officer who has been successful in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made a party by reason of his or her service in that capacity. Maryland law permits a corporation to indemnify its present and former directors and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (1) was committed in bad faith or (2) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty, (b) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the corporation or for a judgment of liability on the basis that a personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification, and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a corporation to advance reasonable expenses to a director or officer upon the corporation s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the director or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification by the corporation and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the corporation if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 Our insurance policy does not currently provide coverage for claims, liabilities and expenses that may arise out of activities that our present or former directors or officers have performed for another entity at our request. There is no assurance that such entities will in fact carry such insurance. However, we note that we do not expect to request our present or former directors or officers to serve another entity as a director, officer, partner or trustee unless we can obtain insurance providing coverage for such persons for any claims, liabilities or expenses that may arise out of their activities while serving in such capacities. 
 
 Certain Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and Our Charter and Bylaws 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquirer to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes of directors serving staggered three-year terms, as nearly equal in size as is possible. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified board of directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 Election of Directors 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a plurality of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors cast at a meeting of stockholders duly called and at which a quorum is present will be required to elect a director. Pursuant to our charter, our board of directors may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 
 Number of Directors; Vacancies; Removal 
 Our charter provides that the number of directors will be set only by the board of directors in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire board of directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, 
 2 

unless our bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than one nor more than nine. We have elected to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law regarding the filling of vacancies on the board of directors. Accordingly, except as may be provided by the board of directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the board of directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 Action by Stockholders 
 Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or (unless the charter provides for stockholder action by less than unanimous written consent, which our charter does not) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the board of directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (a) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (b) by the board of directors or (c) by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of our bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the board of directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by the board of directors or (3) provided that the board of directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our board of directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our board of directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our board of directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our board of directors and certain of our officers. Additionally, our bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action; Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our charter also provides that certain charter amendments, any proposal for our conversion, whether by charter amendment, merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company and any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution requires the approval of the stockholders entitled to cast at least 80 of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by a majority of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our board of directors), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. In either event, in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act, any such amendment or proposal that would have the effect of changing the nature of our business so as to cause us to 
 3 

cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a business development company would be required to be approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities, as defined under the 1940 Act. The continuing directors are defined in our charter as (a) our current directors, (b) those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of our current directors then on the board of directors or (c) any successor directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of continuing directors or the successor continuing directors then in office. 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the board of directors have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws. 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 Except with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Control Share Act discussed below, as permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights unless a majority of the board of directors shall determine such rights apply. 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, or the Control Share Act. Shares owned by the acquirer, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power: 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third; 

one-third or more but less than a majority; or 

a majority or more of all voting power. 

The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquirer crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the board of directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided in our bylaws, compliance with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 The Control Share Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Control Share Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. However, we will amend our bylaws to be subject to the Control Share Act only if the board of directors determines that it would be in our best interests, including in light of the board of directors fiduciary obligations, applicable federal and state laws, and the particular facts and circumstances surrounding the board of directors decision. 
 4 

Business Combinations 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, or the Business Combination Act. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as: 
 any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s outstanding voting stock; or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10 or more of the voting power of then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 

A person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the stockholder otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the board. 
 After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between the Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by the board of directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation; and 

two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 

These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 The statute permits various exemptions from its provisions, including business combinations that are exempted by the board of directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our board of directors has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by the board of directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time; however, our board of directors will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Business Combination Act only if the board of directors determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that our being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the 1940 Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the board of directors does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Conflict with 1940 Act 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law, including the Control Share Act (if we amend our bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the Business Combination Act, or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 
 
 5 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-19.1>
 3
 icmb-ex19_1.htm
 EX-19.1

EX-19.1 

Exhibit 19.1 
 
 INVESTCORP CREDIT MANAGEMENT BDC, INC. 
 INVESTCORP US PRIVATE CREDIT BDC II 
 INVESTCORP US INSTITUTIONAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 STATEMENT OF POLICY 
 ON INSIDER TRADING 
 Introduction 
 It is illegal for any person, either personally or on behalf of others, to trade in securities on the basis of material, non-public information. It is also illegal to communicate (or tip material, non-public information to others who may trade in securities on the basis of that information. These illegal activities are commonly referred to as insider trading. 
 Potential penalties for each insider trading violation include imprisonment for up to 10 years, civil fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided by the trading, and criminal fines of up to 1 million. In addition, a company whose director/trustee, officer or employee violates the insider trading prohibitions may be liable for a civil fine of up to the greater of 1 million or three times the profit gained or loss avoided as a result of the director, officer or employee s insider trading violations. Furthermore, engaging in short-term trading or other speculative transactions involving the securities of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc., Investcorp US Private Credit BDC II, and Investcorp US Institutional Private Credit Fund, a Delaware statutory trust (each a Company and together, the Companies may subject you to additional penalties. 
 Moreover, your failure to comply with the insider trading policy of each Company, as set forth herein, may subject you to sanctions imposed by each Company, including dismissal for cause, whether or not your failure to comply with this policy results in a violation of law. 
 This memorandum sets forth each Company s policy against insider trading. The objective of this policy is to protect both you and each Company from securities law violations, or even the appearance thereof. All directors, trustees, officers and employees (including temporary employees) of each Company, and of each of its affiliates and subsidiaries, including its investment adviser, CM Investment Partners LLC (the Adviser ), must comply with this policy. 
 You are encouraged to ask questions and seek any follow-up information that you may require with respect to the matters set forth in this policy. Please direct any questions you may have to each Company s Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Ratified: May 4, 2023 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 Statement of Policy 
 It is the policy of each Company that no director, trustee, officer or employee (including a temporary employee) of each Company, or of any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, including the Adviser, and any other persons designated by the Chief Compliance Officer, or this policy, as being subject to this policy (collectively, the Covered Persons ): 
 who is aware of material, non-public information relating to each Company, may, directly or indirectly through family members or other persons or entities, (a) buy or sell securities of each Company (other than pursuant to a pre-approved trading plan that complies with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or engage in any other action to take personal advantage of that information, or (b) pass that information on to others outside of each Company, including family and friends; 

who, in the course of working for or on behalf of each Company, learns of material, non-public information about a company with which each Company does, or is proposing to do, business, including a customer or supplier of each Company, may trade in that company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material; or 

may engage in any transaction involving each Company s securities (including any stock plan transaction, gift, loan or pledge or hedge, contribution to a trust, or any other transfer) without first obtaining pre-clearance approval of the transaction by emailing the Chief Compliance Officer. 

As a Covered Person, you are subject to the foregoing restrictions and to the other terms of this policy. 
 Transactions that may be necessary or justifiable for independent reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure) are not excepted from the policy. The securities laws do not recognize such mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance of an improper transaction must be avoided to preserve each Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 
 What information is material ? All information that an investor might consider important in deciding whether to buy, sell, or hold securities is considered material. Information that is likely to affect the price of a company s securities is almost always material. Examples of some types of material information are: 
 financial results or expectations for the quarter or the year; 

financial forecasts; 

changes in dividends; 

possible mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures and other purchases and sales of companies and investments in companies; 

changes in customer relationships with significant customers; 

obtaining or losing important contracts; 

important product developments; 

major financing developments; 

major personnel changes; 

BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 major litigation developments; and 

all materials, pending investments and disclosures concerning portfolio companies. 

What is non-public information? Information is considered to be non-public unless it has been effectively disclosed to the public. Examples of such public disclosure include public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and company press releases. Not only must the information have been publicly disclosed, but there must also have been adequate time for the market as a whole to digest the information. Although timing may vary depending upon the circumstances, a good rule of thumb is that information is considered non-public until the third business day after public disclosure. 
 What transactions are prohibited ? When you know material, non-public information about each Company, you, your spouse and members of your immediate family living in your household are prohibited from the following activities: 
 trading in each Company s securities (including trading in puts and calls for each Company s securities); 

having others trade for you in each Company s securities; and 

disclosing the information to anyone else who might then trade. 

Neither you nor anyone acting on your behalf nor anyone who learns the information from you (including your spouse and family members) can trade on material non-public information. This prohibition continues whenever and for as long as you know material, non-public information, even following your termination of employment or other relationship with each Company. 
 Although it is most likely that any material, non-public information you might learn would be about each Company or its affiliates or subsidiaries, these prohibitions also apply to trading in the securities of any other company, including any portfolio company or potential merger partner, about which you have material, non-public information. 
 Transactions by Family Members. As noted above, each Company s insider trading policy applies to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household, and any family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in each Company s securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control (such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in each Company s securities). You are responsible for the transactions of these other persons and therefore should make them aware of the need to confer with you before they trade in each Company s securities. 
 What is a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan? Notwithstanding the prohibition against insider trading, Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and this policy permit a Covered Person to trade in each Company s securities regardless of his or her awareness of inside information if the transaction is made pursuant to a pre-arranged trading plan that was entered into when the Covered Person was not in possession of material, non-public information. This policy requires trading plans to be written and to specify the amount of, date on, and price at which the securities are to be traded or establish a formula for determining such items. A Covered Person who wishes to enter into a trading plan must email the trading plan to the Chief Compliance Officer for his approval prior to the adoption of the trading plan, or any amendment of a previously 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 adopted plan. Further, trading plans may not be adopted when the Covered Person is in possession of material, non-public information about each Company. A Covered Person may adopt, amend or replace his or her trading plan only during periods when trading is permitted in accordance with this policy. 
 Transactions Under Company Plans 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan. If you participate in each Company s dividend reinvestment plan, this policy does not apply to purchases of each Company s securities under that dividend reinvestment plan resulting from your automatic reinvestment of dividends paid on each Company s securities. However, your election to participate in the dividend reinvestment plan, or to increase your level of participation in the plan, would be subject to this policy, including its applicable black-out periods. The policy also applies to your sale of any securities of each Company purchased pursuant to the plan. 
 Additional Prohibited Transactions 
 Each Company considers it improper and inappropriate for any Covered Person to engage in short-term or speculative transactions in each Company s securities. It is therefore each Company s policy that you may not engage in any of the following transactions: 
 Short-Term Trading. Short-term trading of each Company s securities by a director, officer or employee may be distracting to such person and may unduly focus such person on each Company s short-term performance instead of each Company s long-term business objectives. For these reasons, if you purchase each Company s securities in the open market, you may not sell any of each Company s securities of the same class during the six months following such purchase. In addition, Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 imposes short-swing profit restrictions on the purchase or sale of each Company s securities by each Company s officers and directors and certain other persons. 
 Short Sales. Short sales of each Company s securities evidence an expectation on the part of the seller that the securities will decline in value, and therefore signal to the market that the seller has no confidence in each Company or its short-term prospects. In addition, short sales may reduce the seller s incentive to improve each Company s performance. For these reasons, you may not engage in short sales of each Company s securities. In addition, Section 16(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 prohibits officers and directors, and certain other persons, from engaging in short sales. 
 Publicly Traded Options. A transaction in options, puts, calls or other derivative securities is, in effect, a bet on the short-term movement of each Company s stock and therefore creates the appearance that a Covered Person is trading based on inside information. Transactions of this sort also may unduly focus such person on each Company s short-term performance instead of each Company s long-term business objectives. Accordingly, you may not enter into any transactions involving options, puts, calls or other derivative securities of each Company s securities, on an exchange or in any other organized market. (Option positions arising from certain types of hedging transactions are governed by the section below captioned Hedging Transactions. 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 Hedging Transactions. Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions, such as zero-cost collars and forward sale contracts, allow a person to lock in much of the value of his or her stock holdings, often in exchange for all or part of the potential for upside appreciation in the stock. These transactions allow the person to own the covered securities, but without the full risks and rewards of ownership. When that occurs, the person may no longer have the same objectives as other shareholders. Therefore, each Company strongly discourages any Covered Person from engaging in such transactions with respect to each Company s securities. In this regard, any person wishing to enter into such an arrangement must first pre-clear the proposed transaction with the Chief Compliance Officer. Such request for pre-clearance of a hedging or similar arrangement must be received at least two weeks before the Covered Person intends to execute the documents in connection with the proposed transaction and must set forth the reason for the proposed transaction. 
 Margin Accounts and Pledges. Securities held in a margin account may be sold by the broker without the customer s consent if the customer fails to meet a margin call. Similarly, securities pledged (or hypothecated) as collateral for a loan may be sold in foreclosure if the borrower defaults on the loan. Therefore, because a margin sale or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when you are aware of material, non-public information or you are otherwise not permitted to trade in each Company s securities, you are prohibited from holding each Company s securities in a margin account or pledging each Company s securities as collateral for a loan. An exception to this prohibition may be granted where you wish to pledge each Company s securities as collateral for a loan (not including margin debt) and clearly demonstrate the financial capacity to repay the loan without resort to the pledged securities. In this regard, any person who wishes to pledge each Company s securities as collateral for a loan must email a request for approval to the Chief Compliance Officer at least two weeks prior to the proposed execution of the documents evidencing the proposed pledge. 
 Post-Termination Transactions 
 The policy continues to apply to your transactions in each Company s securities even after you have terminated employment. If you are in possession of material, non-public information when your employment terminates, you may not trade in each Company s securities until that information has become public or is no longer material. 
 Unauthorized Disclosure 
 As discussed above, the disclosure of material, non-public information to others can lead to significant legal difficulties. Therefore, you should not discuss material, non-public information about each Company with anyone, including other employees, except as required in the performance of your regular duties. 
 Also, it is important that only specifically designated representatives of each Company discuss each Company with the news media, securities analysts, and investors. Inquiries of this type received by any employee should be referred to each Company s investor relations contact. Alternatively, such inquiries may be referred to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 Pre-Clearance Procedures 
 To help prevent inadvertent violations of the federal securities laws and to avoid even the appearance of trading on inside information, Covered Persons, together with their immediate family members living in their households, may not engage in any transaction involving each Company s securities (including any stock plan transaction, gift, loan or pledge or hedge, contribution to a trust, or any other transfer) without first obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 A request for pre-clearance should be emailed to the Chief Compliance Officer at least two business days in advance of the proposed transaction. The Chief Compliance Officer is under no obligation to approve a trade submitted for pre-clearance, and may determine not to permit the trade. 
 As noted above, any person subject to the pre-clearance requirements who wishes to implement a trading plan under Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, must first pre-clear the plan with the Chief Compliance Officer. As required by Rule 10b5-1, Covered Persons may enter into a trading plan only when they are not in possession of material non-public information. In addition, Covered Persons may not enter into a trading plan during a blackout period. Transactions effected pursuant to a pre-cleared trading plan will not require further pre-clearance at the time of the transaction if the plan specifies the dates, prices and amounts of the contemplated trades, or establishes a formula for determining the dates, prices and amounts . 
 Blackout Periods 
 Quarterly Blackout Periods. Each Company s announcement of its quarterly financial results almost always has the potential to have a material effect on the market for each Company s securities. Therefore, you can anticipate that, to avoid even the appearance of trading while aware of material, non-public information, Covered Persons will not be pre-cleared to trade in each Company s securities during the period beginning one week prior to the end of each Company s fiscal quarter and ending after the second full business day following each Company s issuance of its quarterly earnings release or analyst conference call. All Covered Persons are subject to these quarterly blackout periods. 
 Event-specific Blackout Periods . From time to time, an event may occur that is material to each Company and is known by only a few Covered Persons. So long as the event remains material and non-public, no Covered Persons may trade in each Company s securities. This restriction applies regardless of whether such persons have actual knowledge of the material event in question. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced, other than to those who are aware of the event giving rise to the blackout. If, however, a person whose trades are subject to pre-clearance requests permission to trade in each Company s securities during an event-specific blackout, the Chief Compliance Officer will inform the requester of the existence of a blackout period, without disclosing the reason for the blackout. Any person made aware of the existence of an event-specific blackout should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other person. The failure of the Chief Compliance Officer to designate a person as being subject to an event-specific blackout will not relieve that person of the obligation not to trade while aware of material, non-public information. 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 Hardship Exceptions . A person who is subject to a quarterly earnings blackout period and who has an unexpected and urgent need to sell each Company s stock in order to generate cash may, in appropriate circumstances, be permitted to sell such stock even during the blackout period. Hardship exceptions may be granted only by the Chief Compliance Officer and must be requested at least two business days in advance of the proposed trade. A hardship exception may be granted only if the Chief Compliance Officer concludes that each Company s earnings information for the applicable quarter does not constitute material, non-public information. Under no circumstance will a hardship exception be granted during an event-specific blackout period. 
 Questions about this Policy 
 Compliance by all Covered Persons with this policy is of the utmost importance both for you and for each Company. If you have any questions about the application of this policy to any particular case, please immediately contact the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Your failure to observe this policy could lead to significant legal problems, as well as other serious consequences, including termination of your employment. 
 Certifications 
 All Covered Persons must certify their understanding of, and intent to comply with, this policy. A copy of the certification that all such persons must sign is attached to this policy. 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 
 
 INVESTCORP CREDIT MANAGEMENT BDC, INC. 
 INVESTCORP US PRIVATE CREDIT BDC II 
 INVESTCORP US INSTITUTIONAL PRIVATE CREDIT FUND 
 Insider Trading Policy Certification 
 This certification is to be signed and returned to the Chief Compliance Officer, and will be retained as part of your permanent personnel file. 
 I hereby certify that I have received a copy of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. s, Investcorp US Private Credit BDC II s, and Investcorp US Institutional Private Credit Fund s Insider Trading Policy, read it, and understand that the Insider Trading Policy contains the expectations of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc., Investcorp US Private Credit BDC II, and Investcorp US Institutional Private Credit Fund and their affiliated entities regarding my conduct. Furthermore, I agree to comply with the Insider Trading Policy. 

Name (Printed) 

Signature 

Date 

The failure to read and/or sign this acknowledgment in no way relieves you of the responsibility to comply with Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. s, Investcorp US Private Credit BDC II s, and Investcorp US Institutional Private Credit Fund s Insider Trading Policy. 
 
 BUSINESS.28887311.3 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 icmb-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 I, Michael C. Mauer, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: September 21, 2023 

/s/ Michael C. Mauer 

Michael C. Mauer 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 icmb-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 I, Rocco DelGuercio, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: September 21, 2023 

/s/ Rocco DelGuercio 

Rocco DelGuercio 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 icmb-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Michael C. Mauer, the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Michael C. Mauer 

Name: 
 Michael C. Mauer 

Date: 
 September 21, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 icmb-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Rocco DelGuercio, the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Rocco DelGuercio 

Name: 
 Rocco DelGuercio 

Date: 
 September 21, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 icmb-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 icmb-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 icmb-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 icmb-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 icmb-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

