<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230908_10-K_edgar_data_1287032_0001287032-23-000283.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>142760739</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>934108</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>65234716</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>46331111</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9445342</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>19799727</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001287032-23-000283.hdr.sgml : 20230908
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230908161355
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001287032-23-000283
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		199
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230908
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230908

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROSPECT CAPITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001287032
		IRS NUMBER:				432048643
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00659
		FILM NUMBER:		231245421

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 EAST 40TH STREET 44TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-448-0702

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 EAST 40TH STREET 44TH FL
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROSPECT ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040623

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROSPECT STREET ENERGY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001287032-23-000283.txt : 20230908

10-K
 1
 psec-20230630.htm
 10-K

psec-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 5.50 Series A1 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 5.50 Series AA1 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 5.50 Series MM1 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 5.50 Series M1 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 5.50 Series M2 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 5.50 Series A2 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 6.50 Series A3 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 6.50 Series M3 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 6.50 Series AA2 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 6.50 Series MM2 Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of December 30, 2022 was billion (based on the closing price on that date of 6.99 on the NASDAQ Global Select Market). For the purposes of calculating this amount only, all executive officers and Directors are affiliates of the Registrant. 
 As of September 7, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 Page Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 77 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 77 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 77 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 77 
 PART II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 78 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 91 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 92 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 122 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 124 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 237 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 237 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 240 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 237 
 PART III Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 241 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 242 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 242 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 242 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 242 
 PART IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 243 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 305 
 Signatures 
 311 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains information that may constitute forward-looking statements. Generally, the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, project, will, should, could, may, plan and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which generally are not historical in nature. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future including statements relating to volume growth, share of sales and earnings per share growth, and statements expressing general views about future operating results are forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report and those described from time to time in reports that we have filed or in the future may file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including statements concerning: 
 our, or our portfolio companies , future operating results; 
 our business prospects and the prospects of our portfolio companies; 
 the return or impact of current or future investments that we expect to make; 
 our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 
 the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 
 the impact of global events outside of our control, including the consequences of the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, on our and our portfolio companies business and the global economy; 
 uncertainty surrounding inflation and the financial stability of the United States, Europe, and China; 
 the financial condition of, and ability of our current and prospective portfolio companies to, achieve their objectives; 
 difficulty in obtaining financing or raising capital, especially in the current credit and equity environment, and the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our and our portfolio companies business; 
 the level, duration, and volatility of prevailing interest rates and credit spreads, magnified by the current turmoil in the credit markets; 
 the phase-out and the cessation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and the use of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as a replacement rate on our operating results; 
 adverse developments in the availability of desirable loan and investment opportunities whether they are due to competition, regulation or otherwise; 
 a compression of the yield on our investments and the cost of our liabilities, as well as the level of leverage available to us; 
 the impact of changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 our regulatory structure and tax treatment, including our ability to operate as a business development company and a regulated investment company; 
 the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 
 the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our portfolio companies; 
 the ability of our investment adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 
 the timing, form and amount of any dividend distributions; 
 authoritative generally accepted accounting principles or policy changes from such standard-setting bodies as the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Internal Revenue Service, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange LLC, and other authorities that we are subject to, as well as their counterparts in any foreign jurisdictions where we might do business; and 
 any of the other risks, uncertainties and other factors we identify in this Annual Report. 
 1 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 In this Annual Report, the terms Prospect, the Company , we, us and our mean Prospect Capital Corporation and all entities included in our consolidated financial statements, unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 General 
 Prospect is a financial services company that primarily lends to and invests in middle market privately-held companies. We are a closed-end investment company incorporated in Maryland. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). As a BDC, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC ), under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). We were organized on April 13, 2004, and were funded in an initial public offering completed on July 27, 2004. We are one of the largest BDCs with approximately 7.86 billion of total assets as of June 30, 2023. 
 We are externally managed by our investment adviser, Prospect Capital Management L.P. Prospect Capital Management or the Investment Adviser ). Prospect Administration LLC Prospect Administration or the Administrator ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Investment Adviser, provides administrative services and facilities necessary for us to operate. 
 2 

Typically, we concentrate on making investments in companies with annual revenues of less than 750 million and enterprise values of less than 1 billion. Our typical investment involves a secured loan of less than 250 million. We also acquire controlling interests in companies in conjunction with making secured debt investments in such companies. In most cases, companies in which we invest are privately held at the time we invest in them. We refer to these companies as target or middle market companies and these investments as middle market investments. 
 We seek to maximize total returns to our investors, including both current yield and equity upside, by applying rigorous credit analysis and asset-based and cash-flow based lending techniques to make and monitor our investments. We are constantly pursuing multiple investment opportunities, including purchases of portfolios from private and public companies, as well as originations and secondary purchases of particular securities. We also regularly evaluate control investment opportunities in a range of industries, and some of these investments could be material to us. There can be no assurance that we will successfully consummate any investment opportunity we are currently pursuing. If any of these opportunities are consummated, there can be no assurance that investors will share our view of valuation or that any assets acquired will not be subject to future write downs, each of which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 
 Our Investment Objective and Policies 
 Our investment objective is to generate both current income and long-term capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We focus on making investments in private companies. We are a non-diversified company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. 
 We invest primarily in first and second lien secured loans and unsecured debt, which in some cases includes an equity component. First and second lien secured loans generally are senior debt instruments that rank ahead of unsecured debt of a given portfolio company. These loans also have the benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of or be junior to other security interests. Our investments in structured credit are subordinated to senior loans and are generally unsecured. We invest in debt and equity positions of structured credit which are a form of securitization in which the cash flows of a portfolio of loans are pooled and passed on to different classes of owners in various tranches. Our structured credit investments are derived from portfolios of corporate debt securities which are generally risk rated from BB to B. 
 We may also acquire controlling interests in companies in conjunction with making secured debt investments in such companies. These may be in several industries, including industrial, service, aircraft leasing, real estate and financial businesses. 
 We seek to maximize returns and minimize risk for our investors by applying rigorous analysis to make and monitor our investments. While the structure of our investments varies, we can invest in senior secured debt, senior unsecured debt, subordinated secured debt, subordinated unsecured debt, convertible debt, convertible preferred equity, preferred equity, common equity, warrants and other instruments, many of which generate current yield. While our primary focus is to seek current income through investment in the debt and/or dividend-paying equity securities of eligible privately-held, thinly-traded or distressed companies and long-term capital appreciation by acquiring accompanying warrants, options or other equity securities of such companies, we may invest up to 30 of the portfolio in opportunistic investments in order to seek enhanced returns for stockholders. Such investments may include investments in the debt and equity instruments of broadly-traded public companies. We expect that these public companies generally will have debt securities that are non-investment grade. Such investments may also include purchases (either in the primary or secondary markets) of the equity and junior debt tranches of a type of pools such as CLOs. Structurally, CLOs are entities that are formed to hold a portfolio of senior secured loans made to companies whose debt is rated below investment grade or, in limited circumstances, unrated. The senior secured loans within a CLO are limited to senior secured loans which meet specified credit and diversity criteria and are subject to concentration limitations in order to create an investment portfolio that is diverse by senior secured loan, borrower, and industry, with limitations on non-U.S. borrowers. Within this 30 basket, we have and may make additional investments in debt and equity securities of financial companies and companies located outside of the United States. 
 3 

Our investments may include other equity investments, such as warrants, options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company, or contractual payment rights or rights to receive a proportional interest in the operating cash flow or net income of such company. When determined by the Investment Adviser to be in our best interest, we may acquire a controlling interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we receive with our debt securities may require only a nominal cost to exercise, and thus, as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from this equity interest. We have structured, and will continue to structure, some warrants to include provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest or, if applicable, controlling-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we obtain registration rights in connection with these equity interests, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 We plan to hold many of our debt investments to maturity or repayment, but will sell a debt investment earlier if a liquidity event takes place, such as the sale or recapitalization of a portfolio company, or if we determine a sale of such debt investment to be in our best interest. 
 We have qualified and elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally do not have to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to qualify for RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses. 
 For a discussion of the risks inherent in our portfolio investments, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Investments. 
 Industry Sectors 
 Our portfolio is invested across 36 industry categories. Excluding our CLO investments, which do not have industry concentrations, no individual industry comprises more than 18.6 of the portfolio on either a cost or fair value basis. 
 Ongoing Relationships with Portfolio Companies 
 Monitoring 
 Prospect Capital Management monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. Prospect Capital Management will continue to monitor the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its business plan and to assess the appropriate course of action for each company. 
 Prospect Capital Management employs several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and value of our investments, which may include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Assessment of success in adhering to the portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 
 Regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 
 Comparisons to other portfolio companies in the industry, if any; 
 Attendance at and participation in board meetings of the portfolio company; and 
 Review of monthly and quarterly financial statements and financial projections for the portfolio company. 
 Investment Valuation 
 As a BDC, and in accordance with the 1940 Act, we fair value our investment portfolio on a quarterly basis, with any unrealized gains and losses reflected in net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations on our Consolidated Statement of Operations . To value our investments, we follow the guidance of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), that defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in conformity with GAAP, and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. For further discussion of ASC 820 and our process for determining the fair value of investment portfolio, see Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 4 

For a discussion of the risks inherent in determining the value of securities for which readily available market values do not exist, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Most of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith under the direction of our Board of Directors and, as a result, there is uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 Managerial Assistance 
 As a BDC, we are obligated under the 1940 Act to make available to certain of our portfolio companies significant managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance refers to any arrangement whereby we provide significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations, or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. We are also deemed to be providing managerial assistance to all portfolio companies that we control, either by ourselves or in conjunction with others. The nature and extent of significant managerial assistance provided by us to controlled and non-controlled portfolio companies will vary according to the particular needs of each portfolio company. Examples of such activities include (i) advice on recruiting, hiring, management and termination of employees, officers and directors, succession planning and other human resource matters; (ii) advice on capital raising, capital budgeting, and capital expenditures; (iii) advice on advertising, marketing, and sales; (iv) advice on fulfillment, operations, and execution; (v) advice on managing relationships with unions and other personnel organizations, financing sources, vendors, customers, lessors, lessees, lawyers, accountants, regulators and other important counterparties; (vi) evaluating acquisition and divestiture opportunities, plant expansions and closings, and market expansions; (vii) participating in audit committee, nominating committee, board and management meetings; (viii) consulting with and advising board members and officers of portfolio companies (on overall strategy and other matters); and (ix) providing other organizational, operational, managerial and financial guidance. 
 Prospect Administration, when executing a managerial assistance agreement with each portfolio company to which we provide managerial assistance, arranges for the provision of such managerial assistance on our behalf. When doing so, Prospect Administration utilizes personnel of our Investment Adviser. We, on behalf of Prospect Administration, invoice portfolio companies receiving and paying for managerial assistance, and we remit to Prospect Administration its cost of providing such services, including the charges deemed appropriate by our Investment Adviser for providing such managerial assistance. No income is recognized by Prospect. 
 Investment Adviser 
 Prospect Capital Management, a Delaware limited partnership that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act manages our investments. Prospect Capital Management is led by John F. Barry III and M. Grier Eliasek, two senior executives with significant investment advisory and business experience. Both Messrs. Barry and Eliasek spend a significant amount of their time in their roles at Prospect Capital Management working on our behalf. The principal executive offices of Prospect Capital Management are 700 S Rosemary Ave, Suite 204, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. We depend on the due diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the senior management of the Investment Adviser. We also depend, to a significant extent, on the Investment Adviser s investment professionals and the information and deal flow generated by those investment professionals in the course of their investment and portfolio management activities. The Investment Adviser s senior management team evaluates, negotiates, structures, closes, monitors and services our investments. Our future success depends to a significant extent on the continued service of the senior management team, particularly John F. Barry III and M. Grier Eliasek. The departure of any of the senior managers of the Investment Adviser could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objective. In addition, we can offer no assurance that Prospect Capital Management will remain the Investment Adviser or that we will continue to have access to its investment professionals or its information and deal flow. Under the Investment Advisory Agreement (as defined below), we pay Prospect Capital Management investment advisory fees, which consist of an annual base management fee based on our gross assets as well as a two-part incentive fee based on our performance. Mr. Barry currently controls Prospect Capital Management. 
 Investment Advisory Agreement 
 Terms 
 We have entered into an investment advisory and management agreement with the Investment Adviser (the Investment Advisory Agreement under which the Investment Adviser, subject to the overall supervision of our Board of Directors, manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to, us. Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Investment Adviser: (i) determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes, (ii) identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies), and (iii) closes and monitors investments we make. 
 5 

The Investment Adviser s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. For providing these services the Investment Adviser receives a fee from us, consisting of two components: a base management fee and an incentive fee. The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 2.00 on our total assets. For services currently rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. 
 The incentive fee has two parts. The first part, the income incentive fee, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees and other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement described below, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital gains or losses. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of 1.75 per quarter (7.00 annualized). 
 The net investment income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of the gross assets used to calculate the 2.00 base management fee. We pay the Investment Adviser an income incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 100.00 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 125.00 of the quarterly hurdle rate in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized assuming a 7.00 annualized hurdle rate); and 
 20.00 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 125.00 of the quarterly hurdle rate in any calendar quarter (8.75 annualized assuming a 7.00 annualized hurdle rate). 
 These calculations are appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter. 
 The second part of the incentive fee, the capital gains incentive fee, is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 20.00 of our realized capital gains for the calendar year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at the end of such year. In determining the capital gains incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser, we calculate the aggregate realized capital gains, aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, as applicable, with respect to each investment that has been in our portfolio. For the purpose of this calculation, an investment is defined as the total of all rights and claims which may be asserted against a portfolio company arising from our participation in the debt, equity, and other financial instruments issued by that company. Aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equal the sum of the differences between the aggregate net sales price of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate realized capital losses equal the sum of the amounts by which the aggregate net sales price of each investment is less than the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals the sum of the differences, if negative, between the aggregate valuation of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment as of the applicable calendar year-end. At the end of the applicable calendar year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains incentive fee involves netting aggregate realized capital gains against aggregate realized capital losses on a since-inception basis and then reducing this amount by the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. If this number is positive, then the capital gains incentive fee payable is equal to 20.00 of such amounts, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid since inception. 
 6 

Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation 
 Example 1: Income Incentive Fee 
 The hypothetical amount of pre-incentive fee net investment income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.75 
 Base management fee(2) = 0.50 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) = 0.55 
 Pre-incentive net investment income does not exceed hurdle rate, therefore there is no income incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.70 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.75 
 Base management fee(2) = 0.50 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) = 2.00 
 Pre-incentive net investment income exceeds hurdle rate, therefore there is an income incentive fee payable by us to the Investment Adviser. The Income Incentive Fee would be calculated as follows: 
 = 100 Catch Up + the greater of 0 AND (20 (pre-incentive fee net investment income 2.1875 
 = (100 (2.00 - 1.75 )) + 0 
 = 100 0.25 + 0 
 = 0.25 
 7 

Alternative 3 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 3.00 
 Hurdle rate(1) = 1.75 
 Base management fee(2) = 0.50 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.)(3) = 0.20 
 Pre-incentive fee net investment income (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) = 2.30 
 Pre-incentive net investment income exceeds hurdle rate, therefore there is an income incentive fee payable by us to the Investment Adviser. The Income Incentive Fee would be calculated as follows: 
 = 100 Catch Up + the greater of 0 AND (20 (pre-incentive fee net investment income 2.1875 
 = (100 (2.1875 1.75 )) + the greater of 0 AND (20 (2.30 2.1875 )) 
 = (100 0.4375 + (20 0.1125 
 = 0.4375 + 0.0225 
 = 0.46 
 
 (1) Represents 7 annualized hurdle rate. 
 (2) Represents 2 annualized base management fee. 
 (3) Excludes organizational and offering expenses. 
 
 8 

Example 2: Capital Gains Incentive Fee 
 Alternative 1 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made 
 Year 2: Fair market value FMV of investment determined to be 22 million 
 Year 3: FMV of investment determined to be 17 million 
 Year 4: Investment sold for 21 million 
 The impact, if any, on the capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 
 Year 1: No impact 
 Year 2: No impact 
 Year 3: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million (unrealized capital depreciation) 
 Year 4: Increase base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 4 million 1 million of realized capital gain and 3 million reversal in unrealized capital depreciation) 
 Alternative 2 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made 
 Year 2: FMV of investment determined to be 17 million 
 Year 3: FMV of investment determined to be 17 million 
 Year 4: FMV of investment determined to be 21 million 
 Year 5: FMV of investment determined to be 18 million 
 Year 6: Investment sold for 15 million 
 The impact, if any, on the capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 
 Year 1: No impact 
 Year 2: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million (unrealized capital depreciation) 
 Year 3: No impact 
 Year 4: Increase base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million reversal in unrealized capital depreciation) 
 Year 5: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 2 million (unrealized capital depreciation) 
 Year 6: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million 5 million of realized capital loss offset by a 2 million reversal in unrealized capital depreciation) 
 9 

Alternative 3 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in company A Investment A and 20 million investment made in company B Investment B 
 Year 2: FMV of Investment A is determined to be 21 million and Investment B is sold for 18 million 
 Year 3: Investment A is sold for 23 million 
 The impact, if any, on the capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 
 Year 1: No impact 
 Year 2: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 2 million (realized capital loss on Investment B) 
 Year 3: Increase base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million (realized capital gain on Investment A) 
 Alternative 4 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in company A Investment A and 20 million investment made in company B Investment B 
 Year 2: FMV of Investment A is determined to be 21 million and FMV of Investment B is determined to be 17 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment A is determined to be 18 million and FMV of Investment B is determined to be 18 million 
 Year 4: FMV of Investment A is determined to be 19 million and FMV of Investment B is determined to be 21 million 
 Year 5: Investment A is sold for 17 million and Investment B is sold for 23 million 
 The impact, if any, on the capital gains portion of the incentive fee would be: 
 Year 1: No impact 
 Year 2: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million (unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 
 Year 3: Decrease base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 1 million 2 million in unrealized capital depreciation on Investment A and 1 million recovery in unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 
 Year 4: Increase base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 3 million 1 million recovery in unrealized capital depreciation on Investment A and 2 million recovery in unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 
 Year 5: Increase base amount on which the second part of the incentive fee is calculated by 1 million 3 million realized capital gain on Investment B offset by 3 million realized capital loss on Investment A plus a 1 million reversal in unrealized capital depreciation on Investment A from Year 4) 
 10 

Duration and Termination 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement was originally approved by our Board of Directors on June 23, 2004 and was recently re-approved by the Board of Directors on June 15, 2023 for an additional one-year term expiring June 21, 2024, as discussed below. Unless terminated earlier as described below, it will remain in effect from year to year thereafter if approved annually by our Board of Directors or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons. The Investment Advisory Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon not more than 60 days written notice to the other. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business We are dependent upon Prospect Capital Management s key management personnel for our future success. 
 Indemnification 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, Prospect Capital Management and its officers, managers, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Prospect Capital Management s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as the Investment Adviser. 
 Board of Directors Approval of the Investment Advisory Agreement 
 On June 15, 2023 our Board of Directors voted unanimously to renew the Investment Advisory Agreement for the 12-month period ending June 21, 2024. In its consideration of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Board of Directors focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: (a) the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by Prospect Capital Management; (b) comparative data with respect to advisory fees or expense ratios paid by other business development companies with similar investment objectives; (c) our operating expenses; (d) the profitability of Prospect Capital Management and any existing and potential sources of indirect income to Prospect Capital Management or Prospect Administration from their relationships with us and the profitability of those relationships; (e) information about the services performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Advisory Agreement; (f) the organizational capability and financial condition of Prospect Capital Management and its affiliates and (g) the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure. In approving the renewal of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Board of Directors, including all of the directors who are not interested persons, considered the following: 
 Nature, Quality and Extent of Services. The Board of Directors considered the nature, extent and quality of the investment selection process employed by Prospect Capital Management. The Board of Directors also considered Prospect Capital Management s personnel and their prior experience in connection with the types of investments made by us. The Board of Directors concluded that the services to be provided under the Investment Advisory Agreement are generally the same as those of comparable business development companies described in the available market data. 
 Investment Performance. The Board of Directors reviewed our investment performance over various periods, as well as comparative data with respect to the investment performance of a group of other, comparable externally managed business development companies. The Board of Directors concluded that Prospect Capital Management was delivering results consistent with our investment objective and that our investment performance was satisfactory when compared to comparable business development companies. 
 The reasonableness of the fees paid to Prospect Capital Management. The Board of Directors considered comparative data based on publicly available information on a group of other, comparable business development companies selected by the Investment Adviser and the Company s Board of Directors (the BDC Expense Peers with respect to services rendered and the advisory fees (including the management fees and incentive fees), as well as our operating expenses, efficiency ratio and expense ratio compared to the BDC Expense Peers. The Board of Directors reviewed information concerning Prospect Capital Management s costs in serving as the Company s investment adviser, including costs associated with technology, infrastructure and compliance necessary to manage the Company, as well as compensation costs, Prospect Capital Management s compensation program, and the relationship of such compensation to Prospect Capital Management s ability to attract and retain investment advisory personnel. Finally, on behalf of the Company, the Board of Directors also considered the profitability of Prospect Capital Management. Based upon its review, the Board of Directors concluded that the fees to be paid under the Investment Advisory Agreement are reasonable. 
 11 

Economies of Scale. The Board of Directors considered information about the potential of Prospect Capital Management to realized economies of scale in managing our assets, and determined that at this time there were not economies of scale to be realized by Prospect Capital Management. 
 Based on the information reviewed and the discussions detailed above, the Board of Directors (including all of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act) concluded that the investment advisory fee rates and terms are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided and approved the renewal of the Investment Advisory Agreement with Prospect Capital Management as being in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. 
 Administration Agreement 
 We have also entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with Prospect Administration under which Prospect Administration, among other things, provides (or arranges for the provision of) administrative services and facilities for us. For providing these services, we reimburse Prospect Administration for our allocable portion of overhead incurred by Prospect Administration in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and her staff, including the internal legal staff. Under this agreement, Prospect Administration furnishes us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Prospect Administration also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Prospect Administration assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, Prospect Administration also provides on our behalf managerial assistance to certain portfolio companies (see Managerial Assistance section below). The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. Prospect Administration is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Investment Adviser. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, Prospect Administration and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Prospect Administration s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for us. Our payments to Prospect Administration are reviewed quarterly by our Board of Directors. 
 Human Capital 
 We do not currently have any employees and do not expect to have any employees. The services necessary for the operation of our business are provided by investment professionals and personnel of Prospect Capital Management and by the officers and the employees of Prospect Administration pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administration Agreement, respectively, each as described herein and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Each of our executive officers is an employee or affiliate of Prospect Capital Management or Prospect Administration. Our day-to-day investment activities are managed by Prospect Capital Management, the investment professionals of which focus on origination, transaction development, investment and the ongoing monitoring of our investments. We reimburse both Prospect Capital Management and Prospect Administration for a certain portion of expenses incurred in connection with such staffing. Because we have no employees, we do not have a formal employee relations policy. 
 Portfolio Managers 
 The following individuals function as portfolio managers primarily responsible for the day-to-day management of our portfolio. Our portfolio managers are not responsible for day-to-day management of any other accounts. For a description of their principal occupations for the past five years, please refer to our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. 
 Name Position Length of Service with Company (Years) John F. Barry III Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 19 M. Grier Eliasek President and Chief Operating Officer 19 
 12 

Mr. Eliasek received no compensation from the Company. Mr. Eliasek received a salary and bonus from Prospect Capital Management that takes into account his role as a senior officer of the Company and of Prospect Capital Management, his performance and the performance of each of Prospect Capital Management and the Company. Mr. Barry receives no compensation from the Company. Mr. Barry, as the sole member of Prospect Capital Management, receives a salary and/or bonus from Prospect Capital Management and is entitled to equity distributions after all other obligations of Prospect Capital Management are met. 
 The following table sets forth the dollar range of our common stock beneficially owned by each of the portfolio managers described above as of June 30, 2023: 
 Name Aggregate Dollar Range of Common Stock Beneficially Owned by Portfolio Managers(1)(2)(3) John F. Barry III Over 1,000,000 M. Grier Eliasek Over 1,000,000 
 (1) Beneficial ownership is calculated in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ). In computing the aggregate dollar of common stock beneficially owned by a person who also owns shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock (as defined herein), we have included the aggregate dollar value of shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the person s outstanding shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock. (2) The dollar ranges are: none, 1- 10,000, 10,001- 50,000, 50,001- 100,000; 100,001 - 500,000; 500,001 - 1,000,000; or over 1,000,000. (3) The dollar range of our equity securities beneficially owned is based on the closing price of 6.20 on June 30, 2023 on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (the Nasdaq ). 
 Payment of Our Expenses 
 All investment professionals of the Investment Adviser and its respective staff, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, will be provided and paid for by the Investment Adviser. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including those relating to: organization and offering; calculation of our net asset value (including the cost and expenses of any independent valuation firm); expenses incurred by Prospect Capital Management payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisers (such as independent valuation firms, accountants and legal counsel), in monitoring our financial and legal affairs and in monitoring our investments and performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies; interest payable on debt, if any, and dividends payable on preferred stock, if any, incurred to finance our investments; offerings of our debt, our preferred shares, our common stock and other securities; investment advisory fees; fees payable to third parties, including agents, consultants or other advisors, relating to, or associated with, evaluating and making investments; transfer agent and custodial fees; registration fees; listing fees; taxes; independent directors fees and expenses; costs of preparing and filing reports or other documents with the SEC; the costs of any reports, proxy statements or other notices to stockholders, including printing costs; our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; direct costs and expenses of administration, including auditor and legal costs; and all other expenses incurred by us, by the Investment Adviser or by Prospect Administration in connection with administering our business, such as our allocable portion of overhead under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and her staff. 
 License Agreement 
 We entered into a license agreement with Prospect Capital Management pursuant to which Prospect Capital Management agreed to grant us a non-exclusive, royalty free license to use the name Prospect Capital. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the Prospect Capital name, for so long as Prospect Capital Management or one of its affiliates remains the Investment Adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the Prospect Capital name. This license agreement will remain in effect for so long as the Investment Advisory Agreement with the Investment Adviser is in effect. 
 Determination of Net Asset Value 
 The net asset value per share of our outstanding shares of common stock will be determined quarterly by dividing the value of total assets minus liabilities minus carrying value of our then outstanding preferred stock by the total number of common shares outstanding. 
 In calculating the value of our total assets, we will value investments for which market quotations are readily available at such market quotations. Short-term investments which mature in 60 days or less, such as U.S. Treasury bills, are valued at amortized cost, which approximates market value. The amortized cost method involves recording a security at its cost (i.e., principal 
 13 

amount plus any premium and less any discount) on the date of purchase and thereafter amortizing/accreting that difference between the principal amount due at maturity and cost assuming a constant yield to maturity as determined at the time of purchase. Short-term securities which mature in more than 60 days are valued at current market quotations by an independent pricing service or at the mean between the bid and ask prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers (if available, or otherwise by a principal market maker or a primary market dealer). Investments in money market mutual funds are valued at their net asset value as of the close of business on the day of valuation. 
 Most of the investments in our portfolio do not have market quotations which are readily available, meaning the investments do not have actively traded markets. Debt and equity securities for which market quotations are not readily available are valued with the assistance of an independent valuation service using a documented valuation policy and a valuation process that is consistently applied under the direction of our Board of Directors. For a discussion of the risks inherent in determining the value of securities for which readily available market values do not exist, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to Our Business Most of our portfolio investments are recorded at fair value as determined in good faith under the direction of our Board of Directors and, as a result, there is uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 The factors that may be taken into account in valuing such investments include, as relevant, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its estimated earnings and projected discounted cash flows, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the financial environment in which the portfolio company operates, comparisons to securities of similar publicly traded companies, changes in interest rates for similar debt instruments and other relevant factors. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have readily available market quotations, the fair value of these investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had such market quotations existed for such investments, and any such differences could be material. 
 As part of the fair valuation process, the independent valuation firms engaged by the Board of Directors perform a review of each debt and equity investment requiring fair valuation and provide a range of values for each investment, which, along with management s valuation recommendations, is reviewed by our Audit Committee. Management and the independent valuation firms may adjust their preliminary evaluations to reflect comments provided by our Audit Committee. The Audit Committee reviews the final valuation reports and management s valuation recommendations and makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors based on its analysis of the methodologies employed and the various weights that should be accorded to each portion of the valuation as well as factors that the independent valuation firms and management may not have included in their evaluation processes. The Board of Directors then evaluates the Audit Committee recommendations and undertakes a similar analysis to determine the fair value of each investment in the portfolio in good faith. 
 Determination of fair values involves subjective judgments and estimates. Accordingly, under current accounting standards, the notes to our financial statements will refer to the uncertainty with respect to the possible effect of such valuations, and any change in such valuations, on our financial statements. 
 Common Stock Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan 
 We have adopted a common stock dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan (the Plan or the DRIP that provides for reinvestment of our common stock dividends or distributions on behalf of our common stockholders, unless a common stockholder elects to receive cash as provided below, and the ability to purchase additional shares of common stock by making optional cash investments. On April 17, 2020, our Board of Directors approved amendments to our DRIP, effective on May 21, 2020. These amendments principally provide for the number of newly-issued shares of common stock to be credited to a stockholder s account to be determined by dividing (i) the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such stockholder by (ii) 95 of the closing market price per share of our common stock on the date fixed by our Board of Directors for such distribution (thereby providing a 5 discount to the market price of our common stock on such date). As a result, when our Board of Directors authorizes, and we declare, a cash dividend or distribution, then our common stockholders who have not (or whose broker through which they hold shares of our common stock have not) opted out of our DRIP will have their cash dividends or distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving the cash dividends or distributions. 
 Common stockholders who purchased shares of our common stock through or hold shares in the name of a broker or financial institution should consult with a representative of their broker or financial institution with respect to their participation in our DRIP. Even if such stockholders have elected to automatically reinvest their shares with their broker, the broker may have opted out of our DRIP (which utilizes DTC s dividend reinvestment service), and such stockholders may therefore not be receiving the 5 pricing discount. Many common stockholders have been opted out of our DRIP by their brokers who instead implement a synthetic dividend reinvestment plan in which such broker purchases shares in the open market with no discount, using the funds from cash dividends. Common stockholders interested in participating in our DRIP should contact their brokers to make sure each such DRIP participation election has been made for the benefit of such stockholder. In making 
 14 

such DRIP election, each such common stockholder should specify to his or her broker the desire to participate in the Prospect Capital Corporation DRIP through DTC that issues shares of our common stock based on 95 of the market price (a 5 discount to the market price) and not the broker s own synthetic dividend reinvestment plan (if any) that offers no such discount. Common stockholders may need to make such election proactively with their broker. 
 If you are not a current common stockholder and want to enroll or have opted out and wish to rejoin, you may also purchase shares directly through the Plan or opt in by enrolling online or submitting to the Plan administrator a completed enrollment form and, if you are not a current stockholder, making an initial investment of at least 250. 
 No action is required on the part of a directly registered common stockholder to have their cash dividend or distribution reinvested in shares of our common stock. A directly registered common stockholder may elect to receive an entire dividend or distribution in cash by notifying the Plan administrator and our transfer agent and registrar, in writing so that such notice is received by the Plan administrator no later than the record date for dividends to stockholders. The Plan administrator will set up a dividend reinvestment account for shares acquired pursuant to the Plan for each stockholder who has not so elected to receive dividends and distributions in cash or who has enrolled in the Plan as described herein (each, a Participant ). The Plan administrator will hold each Participant s shares, together with the shares of other Participants, in non-certificated form in the Plan administrator s name or that of its nominee. Upon request by a Participant to terminate their participation in the Plan and liquidate their Plan account, received in writing, via the Internet or the Plan administrator s toll free number no later than 3 business days prior to a dividend or distribution payment date, such dividend or distribution will be paid out in cash and not be reinvested. If such request is received fewer than 3 business days prior to a dividend or distribution payment date, such dividend or distribution will be reinvested but all subsequent dividends and distributions will be paid to the stockholder in cash on all balances. Upon such termination of the Participant s participation in the Plan and liquidation of their plain account, all whole shares owned by the Participant will be issued to the Participant in certificated form and a check will be issued to the Participant for the proceeds of fractional shares less a transaction fee of 15. Those stockholders whose shares are held by a broker or other financial intermediary may receive dividends or distributions in cash by notifying their broker or other financial intermediary of their election. 
 We primarily use newly-issued shares of our common stock to implement reinvestment of dividends and distributions under the DRIP, whether our shares are trading at a premium or at a discount to net asset value. However, we reserve the right to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market in connection with the implementation of reinvestment of dividends or distributions under the DRIP. The number of newly-issued shares of common stock to be credited to a stockholder s account will be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the dividend or distribution payable to such stockholder by 95 of the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on the date fixed by the Board of Directors for such distribution (which shall be the last business day before the payment date). Market price per share on that date will be the closing price for such shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market or, if no sale is reported for such day, at the average of their reported bid and asked prices. The number of shares of our common stock to be outstanding after giving effect to payment of the dividend or distribution cannot be established until the value per share at which additional shares will be issued has been determined and elections of our stockholders have been tabulated. Common stockholders who do not elect to receive dividends and distributions in shares of common stock may experience accretion to the net asset value of their shares if our shares are trading at a premium at the time we issue new shares under the Plan and dilution if our shares are trading at a discount. The level of accretion or discount would depend on various factors, including the proportion of our common stockholders who participate in the Plan, the level of premium or discount at which our shares are trading and the amount of the dividend or distribution payable to a common stockholder. 
 There are no brokerage charges or other charges to common stockholders who participate in reinvestment of dividends or distributions under the Plan. The Plan administrator s fees under the Plan are paid by us. If a participant elects by written notice to the Plan administrator to have the Plan administrator sell part or all of the shares held by the Plan administrator in the participant s account and remit the proceeds to the participant, the Plan administrator is authorized to deduct a 15 transaction fee plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commissions from the proceeds. 
 Common stockholders who receive dividends or distributions in the form of stock are subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as are common stockholders who elect to receive their dividends or distributions in cash. A common stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend or distribution from us will be equal to the total dollar amount of the dividend or distribution payable to the stockholder. Any stock received in a dividend or distribution will have a new holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares of common stock are credited to the U.S. Stockholder s account (as defined below). 
 Participants in the Plan have the option of making additional cash payments to the Plan administrator for investment in the shares at the then current market price. Such payments may be made in any amount from 25 to 10,000 per transaction. Participants in the Plan may also elect to have funds electronically withdrawn from their checking or savings account each 
 15 

month. Direct debit of cash will be performed on the 10th of each month. Participants may elect this option by submitting a written authorization form or by enrolling online at the Plan administrator s website. The Plan administrator will use all funds received from participants since the prior investment of funds to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market. We will not use newly-issued shares of our common stock to implement such purchases. Purchase orders will be submitted daily. The Plan administrator may, at its discretion, submit purchase orders less frequently but no later than 30 days after receipt. The Plan administrator will charge each stockholder who makes such additional cash payments 2.50, plus a 0.10 per share brokerage commission. Cash dividends and distributions payable on all shares credited to your Plan account will be automatically reinvested in additional shares pursuant to the terms of the Plan. Brokerage charges for some purchases are expected to be less than the usual brokerage charge for such transactions. Instructions sent by a participant to the Plan administrator in connection with such participant s cash payment may not be rescinded. 
 Participants may terminate their participation in and liquidate their accounts under the Plan by notifying the Plan administrator in writing prior to a dividend or distribution payment date via its website at www.astfinancial.com or by filling out the transaction request form located at the bottom of their statement and sending it to the Plan administrator at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (f/k/a American Stock Transfer Trust Company), P.O. Box 922, Wall Street Station, New York, NY 10269-0560 or by calling the Plan administrator s Interactive Voice Response System at (888) 888-0313. Upon termination and liquidation, the stockholder will receive certificates for the full shares credited to your Plan account. If you elect to receive cash, the Plan administrator sells such shares and delivers a check for the proceeds, less the 0.10 per share brokerage commission and the Plan administrator s transaction fee of 15. In every case of termination, fractional shares credited to a terminating Plan account are paid in cash at the then-current market price, less any commission and transaction fee. 
 The Plan may be terminated by us upon notice in writing mailed to each participant at least 30 days prior to any payable date for the payment of any dividend by us or distribution pursuant to any additional cash payment made. All correspondence concerning the Plan should be directed to the Plan administrator by mail at Equiniti Trust Company, LLC, 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219, or by telephone at 888-888-0313. 
 Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We have adopted a preferred stock dividend reinvestment plan (the Preferred Stock Plan or the Preferred Stock DRIP that provides for reinvestment of our dividends declared by our Board of Directors on shares of our 5.50 Series A1 Preferred Stock (the Series A1 Preferred Stock ), 5.50 Series M1 Preferred Stock (the Series M1 Preferred Stock ), the 5.50 Series M2 Preferred Stock (the Series M2 Preferred Stock, and together with the Series M1 Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock ), 5.50 Series AA1 Preferred Stock (the Series AA1 Preferred Stock ), the 5.50 Series MM1 Preferred Stock (the Series MM1 Preferred Stock and 5.50 Series A2 Preferred Stock (the Series A2 Preferred Stock , and all such series of preferred stock referred to collectively as 5.50 Preferred Stock the 6.50 Series A3 Preferred Stock Series A3 Preferred Stock ), and the 6.50 Series M3 Preferred Stock Series M3 Preferred Stock , and all such series of preferred stock referred collectively as 6.50 Preferred Stock on behalf of our preferred stockholders. 
 Eligibility of Existing Holders of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock 
 If you are a current holder of record of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock, you may participate in the Preferred Stock Plan. Eligible holders of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock may enroll in the Preferred Stock Plan online through www.computershare.com/investor. Alternatively, you may enroll by completing an enrollment form and delivering it to Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Computershare ), the administrator for the Preferred Stock Plan. 
 If you own shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock that are registered in someone else s name (for example, a bank, broker, or trustee) and you want to participate in the Preferred Stock Plan, you may be able to arrange for that person to handle the reinvestment of your dividends. If not, your shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock should be withdrawn from street name or other form of registration and should be registered in your own name. Alternatively, your broker or bank may offer a program that allows you to participate in a plan without having to withdraw your shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock from street name. 
 If you are already a participant in the Preferred Stock Plan, you need not take any further action in order to maintain your present participation. 
 Administration 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. administers the Preferred Stock Plan. Certain administrative support will be provided to Computershare by its designated affiliates. If you have questions regarding the Preferred Stock Plan, please write to Computershare at the following address: Computershare Trust Company, N.A., P.O. Box 505013, Louisville, KY 40233-5013 
 16 

or call Computershare at 1-877-373-6374. An automated voice response system is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Customer service representatives are available from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m., Eastern Time, Monday through Friday (except holidays). In addition, you may visit Computershare s website at www.computershare.com/investor. At this website, you can enroll in the Preferred Stock Plan, obtain information, and perform certain transactions on your Preferred Stock Plan account. 
 Purchases and Pricing of Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock 
 With respect to reinvested dividends, the price for purchases of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock directly from us, effective July 19, 2023, will be 23.75 per share (95 of the Stated Value of 25.00 per share of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock) (and prior to July 19, 2023 was 25.00 per share), and the investment date will be the dividend payment date for the month. Dividend payment dates generally occur on the first business day of each month. Your account will be credited with a full and fractional number of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock, subject to operating procedures of the Depository Trust Company, equal to the total amount to be invested by you, divided by the applicable purchase price per share. 
 There are no fees or other charges on shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock purchased through the Preferred Stock Plan. 
 Participation 
 Any eligible holder of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock may enroll in the Preferred Stock Plan online through www.computershare.com/investor. Alternatively, you may enroll in the Preferred Stock Plan by completing an enrollment form and returning it to Computershare at the address set forth above. 
 If Computershare receives your enrollment form by the record date for the payment of the next dividend (approximately 10 days in advance of the dividend payment date), that dividend will be invested in additional shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock for your Preferred Stock Plan account; provided, however, that the first dividend payable with respect to newly-issued shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock pursuant to our primary offering will be paid in cash, with subsequent dividends reinvested pursuant to the Preferred Stock Plan. If the enrollment form is received in the period after any dividend record date, that dividend will be paid by check or automatic deposit to a U.S. bank account that you designate and your initial dividend reinvestment will commence with the following dividend. 
 By enrolling in the Preferred Stock Plan, you direct Computershare to apply all, but not less than all, dividends to the purchase of additional shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock in accordance with the Preferred Stock Plan s terms and conditions. Unless otherwise instructed, Computershare will thereafter automatically reinvest all, but not less than all, dividends declared on shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock held under the Preferred Stock Plan. If you want to discontinue the reinvestment of all dividends paid on your shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock, you must provide notice to Computershare. 
 Cost 
 We will pay all fees, the annual cost of administration and, unless provided otherwise in the Preferred Stock Plan, all other charges incurred in connection with the purchase of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock acquired under the Preferred Stock Plan, if any. 
 Number of Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock to be Purchased for the Participant 
 The number of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock purchased under the Preferred Stock Plan will depend on the amount of your dividend. Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock purchased under the Preferred Stock Plan will be credited to your account. Both full and fractional shares will be purchased. 
 Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock received through the Preferred Stock Plan will be of the same series and have the same original issue date for purposes of the Holder Optional Conversion Fee and for other terms of the 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock based on issuance date as the 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock for which the dividend was declared. 
 The aggregate number of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock , including shares issued under the Preferred Stock Plan, shall not exceed 1,000,000. We cann ot assure you there will be enough shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock to meet the requirements under the Preferred Stock Plan. If we do not have a sufficient number of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock to meet the Preferred Stock Plan requirements during any month, the 
 17 

portion of any reinvested dividends received by Computershare but not invested in shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock or 6.50 Preferred Stock under the Preferred Stock Plan will be returned to participants without interest. 
 Source of Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock Purchased Under the Preferred Stock Plan 
 Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock purchased under the Preferred Stock Plan will come from our authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock. 
 Method for Changing Preferred Stock Plan Election 
 You may change your Preferred Stock Plan election at any time online through www.computershare.com/investor, by telephone or by notifying Computershare in writing. To be effective with respect to a particular dividend, any such change must be received by Computershare prior to the record date for such dividend. 
 Withdrawal by Participant 
 You may discontinue the reinvestment of your dividends at any time by providing written or telephone notice to Computershare. Alternatively, you may change your dividend election online through www.computershare.com/investor. If Computershare receives your notice of withdrawal prior to the record date for the payment of the next dividend, Computershare, in its sole discretion, will distribute such dividends in cash. If the request is received after the record date for the payment of the next dividend, then that dividend will be reinvested. However, all subsequent dividends will be paid out in cash on all balances. Computershare will continue to hold your shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock in your Preferred Stock Plan account. 
 Generally, an eligible holder of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock may again become a participant in the Preferred Stock Plan. However, we reserve the right to reject the enrollment of a previous participant in the Preferred Stock Plan on grounds of excessive joining and termination. This reservation is intended to minimize administrative expense and to encourage use of the Preferred Stock Plan as a long-term investment service. 
 Share Certificates and Safekeeping 
 Shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock that you acquire under the Preferred Stock Plan will be maintained in your Preferred Stock Plan account in non-certificated form. This protects your shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock against loss, theft or accidental destruction and also provides a convenient way for you to keep track of your shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock. 
 Reports to Participants 
 Statements of your account activity will be sent to you after each transaction, which will simplify your record keeping. Each Preferred Stock Plan account statement will show the amount invested, the purchase price and the number of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock purchased. The statement will include specific cost basis information in accordance with applicable law. Please notify Computershare promptly either in writing, by telephone or through the Internet if your address changes. In addition, you will receive copies of the same communications sent to all other holders of shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock, if any. You also will receive any U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, information returns, if required. Please retain all account statements for your records. The statements contain important tax and other information. 
 Suspension, Modification or Termination of the Preferred Stock Plan 
 We reserve the right to suspend, modify or terminate the Preferred Stock Plan at any time. Participants will be notified of any suspension, modification or termination of the Preferred Stock Plan. Upon our termination of the Preferred Stock Plan any whole book-entry shares owned will continue to be credited to a participant s account unless specifically requested otherwise. 
 U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of Participating in the Preferred Stock Plan 
 Preferred stockholders who receive dividends or distributions in the form of stock are subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as are preferred stockholders who elect to receive their dividends or distributions in cash. A preferred stockholder s basis for determining gain or loss upon the sale of stock received in a dividend or distribution from us will be equal to the total dollar amount of the dividend or distribution payable to the stockholder. Any stock received in a dividend or distribution will have a new holding period for tax purposes commencing on the day following the day on which the shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock are credited to the U.S. Stockholder s account. 
 18 

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations 
 The following discussion is a general summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consid erations applicable to us and to an investment in our common shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of the income tax considerations applicable to us or our investors on such an investment. For example, we have not described tax consequences that we assume to be generally known by investors or certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of holders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, including stockholders subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt organizations, insurance companies, dealers in securities, pension plans and trusts, financial institutions, U.S. Stockholders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, persons who mark-to-market our shares, persons who hold our shares as part of a straddle, hedge or conversion transaction, and persons that own or have owned, actually or constructively, 5 or more of any class or series of our stock. This summary assumes that investors hold our common stock as capital assets (within the meaning of the Code). The discussion is based upon the Code, Treasury regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations, each as of the date of this Annual Report and all of which are subject to change, possibly retroactively, which could affect the continuing validity of this discussion. This summary does not discuss any aspects of U.S. estate or gift tax or foreign, state or local tax. It does not discuss the special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws that could result if we invested in tax-exempt securities or certain other investment assets. 
 A U.S. Stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 
 A citizen or individual resident of the United States; 
 A corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 
 An estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 
 A trust if (1) a U.S. court is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of such trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) it has a valid election in place to be treated as a U.S. person. 
 A Non-U.S. Stockholder is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock that is not a partnership and is not a U.S. Stockholder. 
 If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. A prospective stockholder that is a partner of a partnership holding shares of our common stock should consult its tax advisor with respect to the purchase, ownership and disposition of shares of our common stock. 
 Tax matters are very complicated and the tax consequences to an investor of an investment in our shares will depend on the facts of his, her or its particular situation. We encourage investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the specific consequences of such an investment, including tax reporting requirements, the applicability of U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax laws, eligibility for the benefits of any applicable tax treaty and the effect of any possible changes in the tax laws. 
 Election to be Taxed as a RIC 
 As a business development company, we have elected and intend to continue to qualify to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that we distribute to our stockholders as dividends. To qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements (as described below). In addition, to obtain RIC tax treatment, we must distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, which is generally our ordinary income plus the excess of realized net short-term capital gains over realized net long-term capital losses (the Annual Distribution Requirement ). 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we must, among other things: 
 1. Qualify to be treated as a business development company or be registered as a management investment company under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 
 19 

2. Derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock or other securities or currencies or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock, securities or currencies and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership (as defined in the Code) (the 90 Income Test and 
 3. Diversify our holdings so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 
 a. At least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of the value of our assets or more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer (which for these purposes includes the equity securities of a qualified publicly traded partnership and 
 b. No more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, (i) of one issuer (ii) of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or (iii) of one or more qualified publicly traded partnerships, (the Diversification Tests ). 
 To the extent that we invest in entities treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership ), we generally must include the items of gross income derived by the partnerships for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and the income that is derived from a partnership (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership will be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test only to the extent that such income is attributable to items of income of the partnership which would be qualifying income if realized by us directly. In addition, we generally must take into account our proportionate share of the assets held by partnerships (other than a qualified publicly traded partnership in which we are a partner for purposes of the Diversification Tests. If the partnership is a qualified publicly traded partnership, the net income derived from such partnership will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test, and interests in the partnership will be securities for purposes of the Diversification Tests. We monitor our investments in equity securities of entities that are treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes to prevent our disqualification as a RIC. 
 In order to meet the 90 Income Test, we may establish one or more special purpose corporations to hold assets from which we do not anticipate earning dividend, interest or other qualifying income under the 90 Income Test. Any such special purpose corporation would generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax, and could result in a reduced after-tax yield on the portion of our assets held by such corporation. 
 Provided that we qualify as a RIC and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (which we define as net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses) we timely distribute to stockholders. We will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any income or capital gain not distributed (or deemed distributed) to our stockholders. 
 We will be subject to a 4 non-deductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income of RICs unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income recognized during the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital gain net income, as defined by the Code, recognized for the one year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years. 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold debt obligations that are treated under applicable tax rules as having original issue discount, we must include in income each year a portion of the original issue discount that accrues over the life of the obligation, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any original issue discount accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 Gain or loss realized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. As a RIC, we are not allowed to carry forward or carry back a net operating loss for purposes of computing our investment company taxable income in other taxable years. 
 Guidance from the IRS generally permits publicly offered RICs to pay cash/stock dividends consisting of up to 80 stock if certain requirements are met. Any dividends paid in stock in accordance with such guidance will be taxable to the shareholder 
 20 

as if the dividend had been paid in cash and we will receive a dividend paid deduction for such distribution. 
 Although we do not presently expect to do so, we are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage tests are met. See Regulation as a Business Development Company Senior Securities. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or to avoid the excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 If we fail to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or otherwise fail to qualify as a RIC in any taxable year, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates. We would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would we be required to make distributions. Distributions would generally be taxable to our individual and other non-corporate taxable stockholders as ordinary dividend income eligible for the reduced maximum rate applicable to qualified dividend income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, provided certain holding period and other requirements are met. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends-received deduction. To qualify again to be taxed as a RIC in a subsequent year, we would be required to distribute to our stockholders our accumulated earnings and profits attributable to non-RIC years. In addition, if we failed to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two taxable years, then, in order to qualify as a RIC in a subsequent year, we would be required to elect to recognize and pay tax on any net built-in gain (the excess of aggregate gain, including items of income, over aggregate loss that would have been realized if we had been liquidated) or, alternatively, be subject to taxation on such built-in gain recognized for a period of five years. The remainder of this discussion assumes we will qualify for taxation as a RIC. 
 Certain of our investment practices may be subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things, (i) disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, (ii) convert lower taxed long-term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed short-term capital gain or ordinary income, (iii) convert an ordinary loss or a deduction into a capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited), (iv) cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash, (v) adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur, (vi) adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions, and (vii) produce income that will not be qualifying income for purposes of the 90 Income Test. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections in order to mitigate the effect of these provisions. 
 We may invest in preferred securities or other securities the U.S. federal income tax treatment of which may be unclear or may be subject to recharacterization by the IRS. To the extent the tax treatment of such securities or the income from such securities differs from the expected tax treatment, it could affect the timing or character of income recognized, requiring us to purchase or sell securities, or otherwise change our portfolio, in order to comply with the tax rules applicable to RICs under the Code. 
 Taxation of U.S. Stockholders 
 Distributions by us generally are taxable to U.S. Stockholders as ordinary income or capital gains. Distributions of our investment company taxable income (which is, generally, our ordinary income plus realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses) will be taxable as ordinary income to U.S. Stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. Provided that certain holding period and other requirements are met, such distributions (if properly reported by us) may qualify (i) for the dividends received deduction available to corporations, but only to the extent that our income consists of dividend income from U.S. corporations and (ii) in the case of individual stockholders, as qualified dividend income eligible to be taxed at long-term capital gain rates to the extent that we receive qualified dividend income (generally, dividend income from taxable domestic corporations and certain qualified foreign corporations). There can be no assurance as to what portion, if any, of our distributions will qualify for favorable treatment as qualified dividend income. See Important Tax Information below for certain historic information regarding the portion of our distributions eligible for the dividends received deduction. 
 Certain U.S. Stockholders are limited in their ability to deduct interest expense described in Section 163(j) of the Code. If Section 163(j) applies, the business interest expense deduction allowed for the tax year is generally limited to the sum of: (1) business interest income, (2) 30 of the taxpayer s adjusted taxable income, and (3) the taxpayer s floor plan financing interest expense. Properly reported dividends paid by us that are attributable to our net business interest income may be treated as Section 163(j) interest dividends, provided that certain holding period and other requirements are satisfied and subject to certain limitations. There can be no assurance as to what portion, if any, of our distributions will qualify for such interest income. See Important Tax Information below for certain historic information regarding the portion of our distributions eligible for treatment as Section 163(j) distributions. 
 21 

Distributions of our net capital gain (which is generally our realized net long-term capital gains in excess of realized net short-term capital losses) properly reported by us as capital gain dividends will be taxable to a U.S. Stockholder as long-term capital gains, regardless of the U.S. Stockholder s holding period for its common stock and regardless of whether paid in cash or reinvested in additional common stock. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. Stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s common stock and, after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero, will constitute capital gains to such U.S. Stockholder. In determining the extent to which a distribution will be treated as being made from our earnings and profits, our earnings and profits will be allocated, on a pro rata basis, first to distributions with respect to our preferred stock, and then to our common stock. In addition, the IRS currently requires a RIC that has two or more classes of shares outstanding to designate to each such class proportionate amounts of each type of its income (e.g., ordinary income, capital gain dividends, qualified dividend income, dividends eligible for the dividends received deduction) for each tax year based upon the percentage of total dividends distributed to each class for such year. 
 Properly reported dividends paid by us that are attributable to our qualified REIT dividends (generally, ordinary income dividends paid by a REIT, not including capital gain dividends or dividends treated as qualified dividend income) may be eligible for the 20 deduction described in Section 199A of the Code in the case of non-corporate U.S. Stockholders, provided that certain holding period and other requirements are met by us and by such stockholder. There can be no assurance as to what portion, if any, of our distributions will qualify for such deduction. Subject to any future regulatory guidance to the contrary, any distribution of income attributable to income from our investment in a master limited partnership MLP will not qualify for the 20 deduction for qualified PTP income that would generally be available to a non-corporate U.S. Stockholder were the stockholder to own such MLP directly. As a result, it is possible that a non-corporate U.S. Stockholder will be subject to a higher effective tax rate on any such distributions received from us compared to the effective rate applicable to any income the U.S. Stockholder would receive if the stockholder invested directly in an MLP. 
 Although we currently intend to distribute any long-term capital gains at least annually, we may in the future decide to retain some or all of our long-term capital gains, and designate the retained amount as a deemed distribution. In that case, among other consequences, we will pay tax on the retained amount, and we may elect for each U.S. Stockholder to include his, her or its proportionate share of the deemed distribution in income as if it had been actually distributed to the U.S. Stockholder, in which case the U.S. Stockholder would be entitled to claim a credit equal to its allocable share of the tax paid thereon by us. The amount of the deemed distribution net of such tax will be added to the U.S. Stockholder s tax basis for his, her or its common stock. The amount of tax that individual stockholders would be treated as having paid and for which they will receive a credit may exceed the tax they owe on the retained net capital gain. Such excess generally may be claimed as a credit against the U.S. Stockholder s other U.S. federal income tax obligations or may be refunded to the extent it exceeds a stockholder s liability for U.S. federal income tax. A stockholder that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax or otherwise required to file a U.S. federal income tax return would be required to file a U.S. federal income tax return on the appropriate form in order to claim a refund for the taxes we paid. In order to utilize the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. We cannot treat any of our investment company taxable income as a deemed distribution. 
 For purposes of determining (1) whether the Annual Distribution Requirement is satisfied for any year and (2) the amount of capital gain dividends paid for that year, we may, under certain circumstances, elect to treat a dividend that is paid during the following taxable year as if it had been paid during the taxable year in question. If we make such an election, the U.S. Stockholder will still be treated as receiving the dividend in the taxable year in which the distribution is made. However, any dividend declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to stockholders of record on a specified date in any such month and actually paid during January of the following year, will be treated as if it had been received by our U.S. Stockholders on December 31 of the year in which the dividend was declared. 
 If a U.S. Stockholder purchases shares of our common stock shortly before the record date of a distribution, the price of the shares will include the value of the distribution and the investor will be subject to tax on the distribution even though it represents a return of its investment. 
 A U.S. Stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if such U.S. Stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of its shares of our common stock. Any gain or loss arising from such sale or taxable disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Stockholder has held his, her or its shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it would be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or taxable disposition of shares of our common stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. In addition, all or a portion of any loss recognized upon a taxable disposition of shares of our common stock may be disallowed if other substantially identical shares are purchased (whether through reinvestment of distributions or otherwise) within 30 days before or after the disposition. 
 22 

Capital losses are deductible only to the extent of capital gains (subject to an exception for individuals under which a limited amount of capital losses may be offset against ordinary income). 
 In general, individual U.S. Stockholders currently are subject to a preferential rate on their net capital gain, or the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year, including long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. Stockholders currently are subject to U.S. federal income tax on net capital gain at ordinary income rates. 
 Certain U.S. Stockholders who are individuals, estates or trusts and whose income exceeds certain thresholds will be required to pay a 3.8 Medicare tax on all or a portion of their net investment income, which includes dividends received from us and capital gains from the sale or other disposition of our stock. 
 We will make available to each of our U.S. Stockholders, as promptly as possible after the end of each calendar year, a notice detailing, on a per share basis, the amounts includible in such U.S. Stockholder s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain on form 1099-DIV. In addition, the amount and the U.S. federal tax status of each year s distributions generally will be reported to the IRS. Distributions may also be subject to additional state, local and foreign taxes depending on a U.S. Stockholder s particular situation. 
 Payments of dividends, including deemed payments of constructive dividends, or the proceeds of the sale or other taxable disposition of our common stock generally are subject to information reporting unless the U.S. Stockholder is an exempt recipient. Such payments may also be subject to U.S. federal backup withholding at the applicable rate if the recipient of such payment fails to supply a taxpayer identification number or otherwise comply with the rules for establishing an exemption from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an additional tax, and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules generally will be allowed as a refund or credit against the holder s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that certain information is provided timely to the IRS. 
 Taxation of Non-U.S. Stockholders 
 Whether an investment in our common stock is appropriate for a Non-U.S. Stockholder will depend upon that person s particular circumstances. An investment in our common stock by a Non-U.S. Stockholder may have adverse tax consequences. Non-U.S. Stockholders should consult their tax advisers before investing in our common stock. 
 Distributions of our investment company taxable income to Non-U.S. Stockholders that are not effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Stockholder, will generally be subject to withholding of U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30 (or lower applicable treaty rate) to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. 
 Under Section 871(k) of the Code, properly reported distributions to Non-U.S. Stockholders are generally exempt from U.S. federal withholding tax where they (i) are paid in respect of our qualified net interest income (generally, our U.S.-source interest income, other than certain contingent interest and interest from obligations of a corporation or partnership in which we are at least a 10 stockholder, reduced by expenses that are allocable to such income) or (ii) are paid in respect of our qualified short-term capital gains (generally, the excess of our net short-term capital gain over our long-term capital loss for such taxable year). However, depending on our circumstances, we may report all, some or none of our potentially eligible dividends as such qualified net interest income or as qualified short-term capital gains, and/or treat such dividends, in whole or in part, as ineligible for this exemption from withholding. In order to qualify for this exemption from withholding, a Non-U.S. Stockholder needs to comply with applicable certification requirements relating to its non-U.S. status (including, in general, furnishing an IRS Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E or substitute form). In the case of shares held through an intermediary, the intermediary may withhold even if we report the payment as qualified net interest income or qualified short-term capital gain. Non-U.S. Stockholders should contact their intermediaries with respect to the application of these rules to their accounts. There can be no assurance as to what portion of our distributions will qualify for favorable treatment as qualified net interest income or qualified short-term capital gains. See Important Tax Information below for certain historic information regarding the portion of our distributions eligible for treatment as qualified net interest income or qualified short-term capital gains. 
 Actual or deemed distributions of our net capital gain to a Non-U.S. Stockholder, and gains recognized by a Non-U.S. Stockholder upon the sale of our common stock, that are not effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Stockholder, will generally not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax and generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless (i) the Non-U.S. Stockholder is a nonresident alien individual and is physically present in the United States for 183 or more days during the taxable year and meets certain other requirements, or (ii) subject to certain exceptions, we are or during prescribed testing periods have been a United States real property holding corporation or, in the case of certain distributions, a qualified investment entity, each within the meaning of the Foreign Investment in Real Property Tax 
 23 

Act of 1980. Although we do not expect to be a United States real property holding corporation or qualified investment entity, no assurances can be given in that regard. 
 Distributions of our investment company taxable income and net capital gain (including deemed distributions) to Non-U.S. Stockholders, and gains realized by Non-U.S. Stockholders upon the sale of our common stock that are effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Stockholder, will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the graduated rates applicable to U.S. citizens, residents and domestic corporations. In addition, if such Non-U.S. Stockholder is a foreign corporation, it may also be subject to a 30 (or lower applicable treaty rate) branch profits tax on its effectively connected earnings and profits for the taxable year, subject to adjustments, if its investment in our common stock is effectively connected with its conduct of a U.S. trade or business. 
 If we distribute our net capital gain in the form of deemed rather than actual distributions (which we may do in the future), a Non-U.S. Stockholder will be entitled to a U.S. federal income tax credit or tax refund equal to the stockholder s allocable share of the tax we pay on the capital gains deemed to have been distributed. In order to obtain the refund, the Non-U.S. Stockholder must obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number and file a U.S. federal income tax return even if the Non-U.S. Stockholder would not otherwise be required to obtain a U.S. taxpayer identification number or file a U.S. federal income tax return. 
 In addition, withholding at a rate of 30 will be required on dividends in respect of our stock held by or through certain foreign financial institutions (including investment funds), unless such institution enters into an agreement with the Secretary of the Treasury to report, on an annual basis, information with respect to interests in, and accounts maintained by, the institution to the extent such interests or accounts are held by certain U.S. persons or by certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by U.S. persons and to withhold on certain payments. Accordingly, the entity through which our shares are held will affect the determination of whether such withholding is required. Similarly, dividends in respect of our shares held by an investor that is a non-financial non-U.S. entity that does not qualify under certain exemptions will be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 , unless such entity either (i) certifies that such entity does not have any substantial United States owners or (ii) provides certain information regarding the entity s substantial United States owners, which we or the applicable withholding agent will in turn provide to the IRS. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and an applicable foreign country, or future Treasury regulations or other guidance, may modify these requirements. We will not pay any additional amounts to stockholders in respect of any amounts withheld. Non-U.S. Stockholders are encouraged to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible implications of the legislation on their investment in our shares. 
 A Non-U.S. Stockholder generally will be required to comply with certain certification procedures to establish that such holder is not a U.S. person in order to avoid backup withholding with respect to payments of dividends, including deemed payments of constructive dividends, or the proceeds of a disposition of our common stock. In addition, we are required to annually report to the IRS and each Non-U.S. Stockholder the amount of any dividends or constructive dividends treated as paid to such Non-U.S. Stockholder, regardless of whether any tax was actually withheld. Copies of the information returns reporting such dividend or constructive dividend payments and the amount withheld may also be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which a Non-U.S. Stockholder resides under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty. Backup withholding is not an additional tax, and any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules generally will be allowed as a refund or credit against a Non-U.S. Stockholder s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that certain required information is provided timely to the IRS. 
 Non-U.S. persons should consult their tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax and withholding tax, and state, local and foreign tax consequences of an investment in our common stock. 
 Important Tax Information 
 
 We have generated certain types of income that may be exempt from U.S. withholding tax when distributed to non-U.S stockholders. As described above, under IRC Section 871(k), a RIC is permitted to designate distributions of qualified interest income and short-term capital gains as exempt from U.S. withholding tax when paid to non-U.S. stockholders with proper documentation. For the 2022 calendar year 54.14 of our taxable ordinary dividends as of December 31, 2022 qualified as interest related dividends which are generally exempt from U.S. withholding tax applicable to non-U.S. stockholders.. 
 
 We have generated income that may be beneficial to shareholders that face interest expense limitations. As described above, under IRC Section 163(j) and the regulations thereunder, a RIC is permitted to designate distributions attributable to net business interest income as section 163(j) interest dividends. For the 2022 calendar year 82.38 of our taxable ordinary dividends as of December 31, 2022 qualified as section 163(j) interest dividends. 
 
 We have generated dividend income that may be beneficial to certain U.S. corporate shareholders. As described above, under IRC Code Sections 243 and 854, a RIC is permitted to designate ordinary dividends as eligible for the 50 dividends received 
 24 

deduction. For the 2022 calendar year 3.63 of our taxable ordinary dividends as of December 31, 2022 qualified for the deduction under sections 243 and 854. 
 
 No assurances can be given as to the portion of our future distributions that will qualify under Section 871(k), Section 163(j), or Sections 243 and 854. 
 The discussion set forth herein does not constitute tax advice, and potential investors should consult their own tax advisors concerning the tax considerations relevant to their particular situation. 
 Regulation as a Business Development Company 
 General 
 We are a closed-end, non-diversified investment company that has filed an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and has elected to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between business development companies and their affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a business development company unless approved by a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933. Our intention is to not write (sell) or buy put or call options to manage risks associated with the publicly traded securities of our portfolio companies, except that we may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate, foreign currency and other market fluctuations. However, in connection with an investment or acquisition financing of a portfolio company, we may purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of the portfolio company. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of acquired securities or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, except with respect to money market funds, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any regulated investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one investment company. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments subject our stockholders indirectly to additional expenses. None of these policies are fundamental and may be changed without stockholder approval. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a business development company may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the company s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 1. Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined in the 1940 Act and rules adopted pursuant thereto as any issuer which: 
 a. is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 
 b. is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the business development company) or a company that would be an investment company but for certain exclusions under the 1940 Act for certain financial companies such as banks, brokers, commercial finance companies, mortgage companies and insurance companies; and 
 c. satisfies any of the following: 
 i. does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit; 
 25 

ii. is controlled by a business development company or a group of companies including a business development company and the business development company has an affiliated person who is a director of the eligible portfolio company; 
 iii. is a small and solvent company having total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of not less than 2 million; 
 iv. does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or 
 v. has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, but has an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting common equity of less than 250 million. 
 2. Securities in companies that were eligible portfolio companies when we made our initial investment if certain other requirements are satisfied. 
 3. Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 
 4. Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. issuer that is not an investment company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incident thereto, if the issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing agreements. 
 5. Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no ready market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 
 6. Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 
 7. Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 
 In addition, a business development company must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2), (3) or (4) above. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 In order to count portfolio securities as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, a business development company must either control the issuer of the securities or must offer to make available to the issuer of the securities (other than small and solvent companies described above) significant managerial assistance; except that, where the business development company purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance refers to any arrangement whereby we provide significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations, or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. We are also deemed to be providing managerial assistance to all portfolio companies that we control, either by ourselves or in conjunction with others. The nature and extent of significant managerial assistance provided by us will vary according to the particular needs of each portfolio company. Examples of such activities include advice on marketing, operations, fulfillment and overall strategy, capital budgeting, managing relationships with financing sources, recruiting management personnel, evaluating acquisition and divestiture opportunities, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of portfolio companies, and providing other organizational and financial guidance. We provide significant managerial assistance to all portfolio companies that we control, either by ourselves or in conjunction with others. Prospect Administration provides such managerial assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies, including controlled companies, when we are required to provide this assistance, utilizing personnel from Prospect Capital Management. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investment in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, including money market funds, U.S. government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. Typically, we will invest in money market funds, U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the 
 26 

purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. The Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Senior Securities 
 Business development companies are generally able to issue senior securities such that their asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 200 of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities. In March 2018, the Small Business Credit Availability Act added Section 61(a)(2) to the 1940 Act, a successor provision to Section 61(a)(1) referenced therein, which reduces the asset coverage requirement applicable to business development companies from 200 to 150 so long as the business development company meets certain disclosure requirements and obtains certain approvals. On March 30, 2020, our Board of Directors approved, and on May 5, 2020, at a special meeting of our stockholders, our stockholders approved, the application to us of the reduced asset coverage requirements in Section 61(a) of the 1940 Act. The application of the reduced asset coverage requirement, which became effective on May 6, 2020, permits us, provided certain requirements are satisfied, to double the maximum amount of leverage that it is permitted to incur by reducing the asset coverage requirement applicable to us from 200 to 150 (a 2:1 debt to equity ratio, as opposed to a 1:1 debt to equity ratio), as provided for in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act. In other words, under the 1940 Act, the Company is now able to borrow 2 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity, as opposed to borrowing 1 for investment purposes for every 1 of investor equity. As a result, the Company may incur additional indebtedness and investors in the Company may face increased investment risk. In addition, the Company s management fee payable to the Investment Adviser is based on the Company s average adjusted gross assets, which includes leverage and, as a result, if the Company incurs additional leverage, management fees paid to the Investment Adviser would increase. As of June 30, 2023, our asset coverage ratio stood at 297.0 based on the outstanding principal amount of our senior securities representing indebtedness of 2.6 billion and our asset coverage ratio on our senior securities that are stock was 186.2 . 
 We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Our Securities. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We, Prospect Capital Management and Prospect Administration have each adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the code s requirements. For information on how to obtain a copy of each code of ethics, see Available Information. 
 Compliance Policies and Procedures 
 We and the Investment Adviser have adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the U.S. federal securities laws and are required to review these compliance policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation and to designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. Kristin L. Van Dask serves as our Chief Compliance Officer. 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to Prospect Capital Management. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of Prospect Capital Management are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by Prospect Capital Management and our independent directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, Prospect Capital Management has a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of its clients. As part of this duty, Prospect Capital Management recognizes that it must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of its clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for Prospect Capital Management s Investment Advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 27 

Proxy policies. 
 These policies are designed to be responsive to the wide range of subjects that may be the subject of a proxy vote. These policies are not exhaustive due to the variety of proxy voting issues that Prospect Capital Management may be required to consider. In general, Prospect Capital Management will vote proxies in accordance with these guidelines unless: (1) Prospect Capital Management has determined to consider the matter on a case-by-case basis (as is stated in these guidelines), (2) the subject matter of the vote is not covered by these guidelines, (3) a material conflict of interest is present, or (4) Prospect Capital Management might find it necessary to vote contrary to its general guidelines to maximize stockholder value and vote in its clients best interests. In such cases, a decision on how to vote will be made by the Proxy Voting Committee (as described below). In reviewing proxy issues, Prospect Capital Management will apply the following general policies: 
 Elections of directors. 
 In general, Prospect Capital Management will vote in favor of the management-proposed slate of directors. If there is a proxy fight for seats on the Board of Directors or Prospect Capital Management determines that there are other compelling reasons for withholding votes for directors, the Proxy Voting Committee will determine the appropriate vote on the matter. Prospect Capital Management believes that directors have a duty to respond to stockholder actions that have received significant stockholder support. Prospect Capital Management may withhold votes for directors that fail to act on key issues such as failure to implement proposals to declassify boards, failure to implement a majority vote requirement, failure to submit a rights plan to a stockholder vote and failure to act on tender offers where a majority of stockholders have tendered their shares. Finally, Prospect Capital Management may withhold votes for directors of non-U.S. issuers where there is insufficient information about the nominees disclosed in the proxy statement. 
 Appointment of auditors. 
 Our Audit Committee and Board of Directors believe that the company remains in the best position to choose the auditors and will generally support management s recommendation. 
 Changes in capital structure. 
 Changes in a company s charter, articles of incorporation or by-laws may be required by state or U.S. federal regulation. In general, Prospect Capital Management will cast its votes in accordance with the company s management on such proposal. However, the Proxy Voting Committee will review and analyze on a case-by-case basis any proposals regarding changes in corporate structure that are not required by state or U.S. federal regulation. 
 Corporate restructurings, mergers and acquisitions. 
 Prospect Capital Management believes proxy votes dealing with corporate reorganizations are an extension of the investment decision. Accordingly, the Proxy Voting Committee will analyze such proposals on a case-by-case basis. 
 Proposals affecting the rights of stockholders. 
 Prospect Capital Management will generally vote in favor of proposals that give stockholders a greater voice in the affairs of the company and oppose any measure that seeks to limit those rights. However, when analyzing such proposals, Prospect Capital Management will weigh the financial impact of the proposal against the impairment of the rights of stockholders. 
 Corporate governance. 
 Prospect Capital Management recognizes the importance of good corporate governance in ensuring that management and the Board of Directors fulfill their obligations to the stockholders. Prospect Capital Management favors proposals promoting transparency and accountability within a company. 
 Anti-takeover measures. 
 The Proxy Voting Committee will evaluate, on a case-by-case basis, proposals regarding anti-takeover measures to determine the measure s likely effect on stockholder value dilution. 
 Stock splits. 
 Prospect Capital Management will generally vote with the management of the company on stock split matters. 
 28 

Limited liability of directors. 
 Prospect Capital Management will generally vote with management on matters that would affect the limited liability of directors. 
 Social and corporate responsibility. 
 The Proxy Voting Committee may review and analyze on a case-by-case basis proposals relating to social, political and environmental issues to determine whether they will have a financial impact on stockholder value. Prospect Capital Management may abstain from voting on social proposals that do not have a readily determinable financial impact on stockholder value. 
 Proxy voting procedures. 
 Prospect Capital Management will generally vote proxies in accordance with these guidelines. In circumstances in which (1) Prospect Capital Management has determined to consider the matter on a case-by-case basis (as is stated in these guidelines), (2) the subject matter of the vote is not covered by these guidelines, (3) a material conflict of interest is present, or (4) Prospect Capital Management might find it necessary to vote contrary to its general guidelines to maximize stockholder value and vote in its clients best interests, the Proxy Voting Committee will vote the proxy. 
 Proxy voting committee. 
 Prospect Capital Management has formed a proxy voting committee to establish general proxy policies and consider specific proxy voting matters as necessary. In addition, members of the committee may contact the management of the company and interested stockholder groups as necessary to discuss proxy issues. Members of the committee will include relevant senior personnel. The committee may also evaluate proxies where we face a potential conflict of interest (as discussed below). Finally, the committee monitors adherence to guidelines, and reviews the policies contained in this statement from time to time. 
 Conflicts of interest. 
 Prospect Capital Management recognizes that there may be a potential conflict of interest when it votes a proxy solicited by an issuer that is its advisory client or a client or customer of one of our affiliates or with whom it has another business or personal relationship that may affect how it votes on the issuer s proxy. Prospect Capital Management believes that adherence to these policies and procedures ensures that proxies are voted with only its clients best interests in mind. To ensure that its votes are not the product of a conflict of interests, Prospect Capital Management requires that: (i) anyone involved in the decision making process (including members of the Proxy Voting Committee) disclose to the chairman of the Proxy Voting Committee any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (ii) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how Prospect Capital Management intends to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 Proxy voting. 
 Each account s custodian will forward all relevant proxy materials to Prospect Capital Management, either electronically or in physical form to the address of record that Prospect Capital Management has provided to the custodian. 
 Proxy recordkeeping. 
 Prospect Capital Management must retain the following documents pertaining to proxy voting: 
 copies of its proxy voting policies and procedures; 
 copies of all proxy statements; 
 records of all votes cast by Prospect Capital Management; 
 copies of all documents created by Prospect Capital Management that were material to making a decision how to vote proxies or that memorializes the basis for that decision; and 
 copies of all written client requests for information with regard to how Prospect Capital Management voted proxies on behalf of the client as well as any written responses provided. 
 29 

All of the above-referenced records will be maintained and preserved for a period of not less than five years from the end of the fiscal year during which the last entry was made. The first two years of records must be maintained at our office. 
 Proxy voting records. 
 Clients may obtain information about how Prospect Capital Management voted proxies on their behalf by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Compliance Officer, Prospect Capital Management LLC, 700 S Rosemary Ave, Suite 204, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 imposes a variety of regulatory requirements on publicly-held companies. In addition to our Chief Executive and Chief Financial Officers required certifications as to the accuracy of our financial reporting, we are also required to disclose the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as well as report on our assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting, the latter of which must be audited by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 also requires us to continually review our policies and procedures to ensure that we remain in compliance with all rules promulgated thereunder. 
 Available Information 
 We file with or submit to the SEC annual, quarterly and current periodic reports, proxy statements and other information meeting the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This information is available free of charge by contacting us at (212) 448-0702 or on our website at www.prospectstreet.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report or other documents we file with or furnish to the SEC, and you should not consider such information to be part of this Annual Report or other documents we file with or furnish to the SEC. You also may inspect and copy these reports, proxy statements and other information, as well as the Annual Report and related exhibits and schedules, at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Such information is also available from the EDGAR database on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov. You also can obtain copies of such information, after paying a duplicating fee, by sending a request by e-mail to publicinfo@sec.gov or by writing the SEC s Public Reference Branch, Office of Consumer Affairs and Information Services, Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the SEC s Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at (202) 551-8090 or (800) SEC-0330. 
 We intend to use our website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Those disclosures will be included on our website in the Investors or News section. Accordingly, investors should monitor our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this Annual Report, before you decide whether to make an investment in our securities. The risks set forth below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or not presently deemed material by us, may also impair our operations and performance. If any of the adverse events or conditions described below occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, our NAV, and the trading price of our common stock could decline, or the value of our preferred stock, debt securities, and warrants, if any are outstanding, may decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. The risk factors described below are the principal risk factors associated with an investment in our securities as well as those factors generally associated with an investment company with investment objectives, investment policies, capital structure or trading markets similar to ours. 
 Our 156.2 million of 6.375 convertible notes due 2025 are referred to as the 2025 Notes or the Convertible Notes . Our 81.2 million of 6.375 unsecured notes due 2024 are referred to as the 6.375 2024 Notes . Our 400.0 million of 3.706 unsecured notes due 2026 are referred to as the 2026 Notes . Our 300.0 million of 3.364 unsecured notes due 2026 are referred to as the 3.364 2026 Notes . Our 300.0 million of 3.437 unsecured notes due 2028 are referred to as the 3.437 2028 Notes , and collectively with the 6.375 2024 Notes, the 2026 Notes, and the 3.364 2026 Notes are the Public Notes . Any corporate notes issued pursuant to our medium term notes program with InspereX LLC are referred to as Prospect Capital InterNotes . The Convertible Notes, Public Notes, and Prospect Capital InterNotes are collectively referred to as the Unsecured Notes . 
 30 

The summary below provides an overview of many of the risks we face that are described in this section. Additional risks, beyond those summarized below or discussed in this section, may also materially and adversely impact our business, financial conditions and results of operation. Consistent with the foregoing, the risks we face include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 31 

32 

33 

34 

35 

36 

37 

38 

39 

40 

41 

42 

43 

44 

45 

46 

47 

48 

49 

50 

51 

52 

53 

54 

55 

56 

57 

58 

59 

60 

61 

62 

63 

64 

65 

66 

67 

68 

69 

70 

71 

72 

73 

74 

75 

76 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We are located at 10 East 40th Street, New York, New York 10016, where we occupy our office space pursuant to our Administration Agreement with Prospect Administration. The office facilities are leased by our Administrator. We believe that our office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as currently conducted. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various investigations, claims and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. These matters may relate to intellectual property, employment, tax, regulation, contract or other matters. The resolution of such matters as may arise will be subject to various uncertainties and, even if such claims are without merit, could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. 
 We are not aware of any material legal proceedings as of June 30, 2023. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 77 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 (All figures in this item are in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PSEC. 
 ) ) Second quarter ) ) Third quarter ) ) Fourth quarter ) ) Year Ended June 30, 2023 First quarter ) ) Second quarter ) ) Third quarter ) ) Fourth quarter ) ) 
 (1) Net asset value per common share is determined as of the last day in the relevant quarter and therefore may not reflect the net asset value per common share on the date of the high or low sales price. The NAVs shown are based on outstanding shares of our common stock at the end of each period. 
 (2) The High/Low Stock Price is calculated as of the closing price on a given day in the applicable quarter. 
 As of September 7, 2023, there were 177 shareholders of record of our common stock. This figure does not include a substantially greater number of beneficial holders of our common stock, whose shares are held in the names of brokers, dealers and clearing agencies. 
 
 Recent Sales of Common Stock Below Net Asset Value 
 At our 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 annual meeting of stockholders, and at special meetings of stockholders held on June 12, 2020, June 11, 2021, June 10, 2022 and June 9, 2023 our stockholders approved our ability to sell shares of our common stock at a price or prices below our NAV per common share at the time of sale in one or more offerings. The current approval to sell shares of our common stock below our NAV per common share is valid until June 9, 2024 and subject to certain conditions as set forth in the proxy statement relating to the special meeting (including that the number of shares sold on any given date does not exceed 25 of our outstanding common stock immediately prior to such sale). Accordingly, we may make offerings of our common stock without any limitation on the total amount of dilution to stockholders. Our prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to this offering contains additional information about these offerings. Pursuant to the authority granted by our stockholders and the approval of our Board of Directors, we have made the following offerings below NAV per common share: 
 Date of Offering Price Per Share to Investors Shares Issued Estimated Net Asset Value per Common Share(1) Percentage Dilution June 15, 2020 to June 22, 2020(2) 5.29 - 5.40 1,158,222 7.93 - 7.94 0.10 
 (1) The data for sales of common shares below NAV per common share pursuant to our equity distribution agreements are estimates based on our last reported NAV per common share adjusted for capital events occurring during the period since the last calculated NAV per common share. All amounts presented are approximations based on the best available data at the time of issuance. 
 (2) At the market offering. Dates of offering represent the sales dates of the stock. The settlement dates are two business days later than the sale dates. 

78 

Distribution Policy 
 Through March 2010, we made quarterly distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution. In June 2010, we changed our distribution policy from a quarterly payment to a monthly payment. To the extent prudent and practicable, we currently intend to continue making distributions on a monthly basis. Our ability to pay distributions could be affected by future business performance, liquidity, capital needs, alternative investment opportunities and loan covenants. Our distributions, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors. Certain amounts of the monthly distributions may from time to time be paid out of our capital rather than from earnings for the quarter as a result of our deliberate planning or by accounting reclassifications. 
 As a RIC, we generally are not subject to U.S. federal income tax on income and gains we distribute each taxable year to our stockholders, provided that in such taxable year, we distribute an amount equal to at least 90 of our investment company taxable income (as defined by the Code) to our stockholders. Any undistributed taxable income is subject to U.S. federal income tax. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 non-deductible U.S. federal excise tax on certain undistributed income unless we distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of our ordinary income recognized during the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of our capital gain net income, as defined by the Code, recognized for the one year period ending October 31 in that calendar year and (iii) any income recognized, but not distributed, in preceding years. 
 We did not have an excise tax liability for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022. As of June 30, 2023, we do not expect to have any excise tax due for the 2023 calendar year. Tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to stockholders, as appropriate, on Form 1099-DIV after the end of the calendar year. 
 In addition, although we currently intend to distribute realized net capital gains (which we define as net long-term capital gains in excess of short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually out of the assets legally available for such distributions, we may decide in the future to retain such capital gains for investment. In such event, the consequences of our retention of net capital gains are described under Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations. We can offer no assurance that we will achieve results that will permit the payment of any cash distributions and, if we issue senior securities, we may be prohibited from making distributions if doing so causes us to fail to maintain the asset coverage ratios stipulated by the 1940 Act or if distributions are limited by the terms of any of our borrowings. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we distributed approximately 287.2 million and 281.4 million, respectively, to our common stockholders. The following table summarizes our distributions declared and payable for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 
 79 

Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Amount Per Share Amount Distributed (in thousands) 5/6/2022 7/27/2022 8/18/2022 0.060000 23,635 5/6/2022 8/29/2022 9/21/2022 0.060000 23,670 8/23/2022 9/28/2022 10/20/2022 0.060000 23,767 8/23/2022 10/27/2022 11/17/2022 0.060000 23,857 11/8/2022 11/28/2022 12/20/2022 0.060000 23,888 11/8/2022 12/28/2022 1/19/2023 0.060000 23,925 11/8/2022 1/27/2023 2/16/2023 0.060000 23,965 2/8/2023 2/24/2023 3/22/2023 0.060000 24,003 2/8/2023 3/29/2023 4/19/2023 0.060000 24,041 2/8/2023 4/26/2023 5/18/2023 0.060000 24,085 5/9/2023 5/26/2023 6/21/2023 0.060000 24,171 5/9/2023 6/28/2023 7/20/2023 0.060000 24,234 Total declared and payable for the year ended June 30, 2023 287,241 5/7/2021 7/28/2021 8/19/2021 0.060000 23,325 5/7/2021 8/27/2021 9/23/2021 0.060000 23,348 8/24/2021 9/28/2021 10/21/2021 0.060000 23,370 8/24/2021 10/27/2021 11/18/2021 0.060000 23,392 11/5/2021 11/26/2021 12/23/2021 0.060000 23,413 11/5/2021 12/29/2021 1/20/2022 0.060000 23,435 11/5/2021 1/27/2022 2/17/2022 0.060000 23,457 2/7/2022 2/24/2022 3/22/2022 0.060000 23,479 2/7/2022 3/29/2022 4/20/2022 0.060000 23,503 2/7/2022 4/27/2022 5/19/2022 0.060000 23,529 5/6/2022 5/27/2022 6/21/2022 0.060000 23,554 5/6/2022 6/28/2022 7/20/2022 0.060000 23,589 Total declared and payable for the year ended June 30, 2022 281,394 
 Dividends and distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. As such, the table above includes distributions with record dates during the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. It does not include distributions previously declared to common stockholders of record on any future dates, as those amounts are not yet determinable. The following dividends were previously declared and will be recorded and payable subsequent to June 30, 2023: 
 0.06 per share for July 2023 holders of record on July 27, 2023 with a payment date of August 22, 2023. 
 0.06 per share for August 2023 holders of record on August 29, 2023 with a payment date of September 20, 2023. 
 80 

Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 We maintain an opt out common stock dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan for our common stockholders. As a result, if we declare a distribution (as discussed above), common stockholders cash distributions will be automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, unless they (or their broker through which they hold shares) opt out of the Plan so as to receive cash distributions. Stockholders who receive distributions in the form of stock are subject to the same U.S. federal, state and local tax consequences as are stockholders who elect to receive their distributions in cash. Stockholders are advised to consult with their brokers or financial institutions, as appropriate, with respect to the administration of their dividends and related instructions. See also Common Stock Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan in Part I of this Annual Report for additional information. 
 We primarily use newly-issued shares of our common stock to implement the plan, whether our shares are trading at a premium or at a discount to net asset value. However, we reserve the right to purchase shares of our common stock in the open market in connection with the implementation of the plan. Our Board of Directors determines how the common stock to be distributed as part of the plan is made available. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we distributed 7,474,975 and 4,524,956 shares of our common stock, respectively, in connection with the Plan. All of the shares of common stock distributed to our stockholders were new issues. The following table summarizes the shares issued through the reinvestment of dividends in the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 Record Date Payment Date Shares Issued Value of Shares (in thousands) of Distribution 6/28/2022 7/20/2022 438,294 3,069 13.0 7/27/2022 8/18/2022 412,806 3,157 13.4 8/29/2022 9/21/2022 1,303,858 9,017 38.1 9/28/2022 10/20/2022 1,395,583 9,082 38.2 10/27/2022 11/17/2022 440,526 3,164 13.3 11/28/2022 12/20/2022 468,439 3,200 13.4 12/28/2023 1/19/2023 458,461 3,218 13.5 01/27/2023 2/16/2023 448,326 3,258 13.6 02/24/2023 3/22/2023 492,809 3,282 13.7 03/29/2023 4/19/2023 516,449 3,351 13.9 04/26/2023 5/18/2023 561,540 (1) 3,393 14.1 05/26/2023 6/21/2023 537,884 (1) 3,168 13.1 Total issued in the year ended June 30, 2023 7,474,975 50,359 6/28/2021 7/22/2021 339,245 2,672 11.5 7/28/2021 8/19/2021 360,741 2,772 11.9 8/27/2021 9/23/2021 379,182 2,846 12.2 9/28/2021 10/21/2021 357,734 2,831 12.1 10/27/2021 11/18/2021 346,308 2,912 12.4 11/26/2021 12/23/2021 365,384 2,891 12.3 12/29/2021 1/20/2022 357,288 3,017 12.9 01/27/2022 2/17/2022 378,344 3,026 12.9 02/24/2022 3/22/2022 384,588 3,007 12.8 03/29/2022 4/20/2022 379,212 3,033 12.9 04/27/2022 5/19/2022 413,450 3,001 12.8 05/27/2022 6/21/2022 463,480 2,986 12.7 Total issued in the year ended June 30, 2022 4,524,956 34,994 
 (1) Number of newly-issued common shares to be credited to a common stockholder s account to be determined by dividing (i) the total dollar amount of the dividend payable to such common stockholder by (ii) 95 of the closing market price per share of our stock on the date fixed by the Board of Directors for such distribution (thereby providing a 5 discount to the market price of our common stock on such date). 
 81 

Registered common stockholders who opt out of the Plan must notify the Plan administrator prior to the payment date in order for that distribution to be paid in cash. As such, the table above includes distributions with payment dates during the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. It does not include distributions previously declared and recorded as payable to common stockholders on any future dates, as those amounts are not yet determinable. 
 82 

Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 
 
 On August 24, 2011, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase plan (the Repurchase Program under which we may repurchase up to 100,000 of our common stock at prices below our net asset value per share. Prior to any repurchase, we are required to notify stockholders of our intention to purchase our common stock. 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock under the Repurchase Program for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan is 65.9 million . 
 Our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our Series A Preferred Stock. The manner, price, volume and timing of preferred share repurchases are subject to a variety of factors, including market conditions and applicable SEC rules. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company repurchased 37,346 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a total cost of approximately 579, including fees and commissions paid to the broker, representing an average repurchase price of 15.42 per share. The monthly breakdown of repurchases is as follows: 
 Period Total Number of 5.35 Series A Preferred Stock Shares Repurchased in Open Market Average price paid per share Total Number of 5.35 Series A Preferred Stock Shares Repurchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs(1) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs(2)(3) April 1, 2023 - April 30, 2023 May 1, 2023 - May 31, 2023 June 1, 2023 - June 30, 2023 37,346 15.42 37,346 5,962,654 
 (1) The notice of the potential repurchase of shares of our outstanding preferred stock occurs in our offering documents and/or quarterly reports. (2) Any or all shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be repurchased subject to a variety of factors, including market conditions and applicable SEC rules. (3) Purchases of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are ongoing. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, Prospect officers and directors purchased 1,616,641 shares of our common stock, or 0.4 of total outstanding common shares as of June 30, 2023, both through the open market transactions and shares issued in connection with our common stock dividend reinvestment plan. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, Prospect officers and directors did not purchase any shares of our preferred stock through our Preferred Stock offerings. 
 The following table summarizes the common shares purchased by Prospect officers during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 83 

Period Total Number of Common Shares Purchased in Open Market Average price paid per share Total Number of Common Shares Purchased Through Dividend Reinvestment Plan July 1, 2022 - July 31, 2022 9,900 August 1, 2022 - August 31, 2022 9,129 September 1, 2022 - September 30, 2022 6,650 7.11 622,914 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 667,849 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 4,250 7.51 10,072 December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 10,664 January 1, 2023 - January 31, 2023 10,463 February 1, 2023 - February 28, 2023 10,214 March 1, 2023 - March 31, 2023 6,000 6.87 11,165 April 1, 2023 - April 30, 2023 11,665 May 1, 2023 - May 30, 2023 200,000 6.19 12,619 June 1, 2023 - June 30, 2023 13,087 Total 216,900 1,399,741 
 
 84 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares a stockholder s cumulative total return for the last five fiscal years as if such amounts had been invested in: (i) our common stock; (ii) the stocks included in the S P 500 Index; (iii) the stocks included in the S P BDC Index; and (iv) the stocks included in the S P/LSTA U.S. Leveraged Loan 100 Index. The graph and other information furnished under the heading Stock Performance Graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference and shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of, the Exchange Act. 
 The below graph is based on historical stock prices and measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and dividends. The total return assumes that dividends were reinvested daily and is based on a 100 investment on June 30, 2018. This stock performance graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock performance. Index performance is shown for illustrative purposes only and does not reflect any deduction for fees or expenses. It is not possible to invest directly in an unmanaged index. 

Fees and Expenses 
 The following tables are intended to assist you in understanding the costs and expenses that an investor will bear directly or indirectly based on the Company s capital structure as of June 30, 2023. We caution you that some of the percentages indicated in the table below are estimates and may vary. In these tables, we assume that we have borrowed 1.9 billion under our credit facility, which is the maximum amount available under the credit facility with the current levels of other debt, in addition to our other indebtedness of 1.6 billion. Except where the context suggests otherwise, any reference to fees or expenses paid by you or us or that we will pay fees or expenses, the Company will pay such fees and expenses out of our net assets and, consequently, you will indirectly bear such fees or expenses as an investor in the Company. However, you will not be required to deliver any money or otherwise bear personal liability or responsibility for such fees or expenses. 
 85 

Incentive fees payable under Investment Advisory Agreement (20 of realized capital gains and 20 of pre-incentive fee net investment income)(5) Total advisory fees 7.03 Total interest expense(6) Other expenses(7) Total annual expenses(5)(7) 13.82 Dividends on Preferred Stock(8) Total annual expenses after dividends on Preferred Stock(9) 
 Example 
 You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 investment, assuming a 5 annual return 149 404 611 974 
 ____________________________________ 
 Assumes that we will not realize any capital gains computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation. 
 Assumes no unrealized capital depreciation or realized capital losses and 5 annual return resulting entirely from net realized capital gains (and therefore subject to the capital gains incentive fee). 
 While the example assumed, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . The income incentive fee under our Investment Advisory Agreement with Prospect Capital Management is unlikely to be material assuming a 5 annual return and is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our investments, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our distributions to our common stockholders and our expenses would likely be higher. In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and other distributions at NAV, participants in our dividend reinvestment plan will receive a number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a participants by the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the valuation date for the distribution. See Dividend Reinvestment Plan for additional information regarding our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses. Actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. 
 ____________________________________ 
 (1) In the event that securities are sold to or through underwriters, a corresponding prospectus supplement will disclose the estimated applicable sales load. 
 86 

(5) Based on our net investment income and realized capital gains, less realized and unrealized capital losses, earned on our portfolio for the year ended June 30, 2023, all of which consisted of an income incentive fee. The capital gain incentive fee is paid without regard to pre-incentive fee income. For a more detailed discussion of the calculation of the two-part incentive fee, see Management Services-Investment Advisory Agreement in the applicable prospectus. 
 (6) As of June 30, 2023, Prospect has 1.6 billion outstanding of its Unsecured Notes (as defined below) in various maturities ranging from January 15, 2024 to March 15, 2052, and interest rates, ranging from 1.50 to 6.625 , some of which are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at various conversion rates. 
 (7) 
 (8) Based on the 5.50 per annum dividend rate applicable to the A1 Shares, M1 Shares, M2 Shares, AA1 Shares, MM1 Shares, and A2 Shares. Also based on the 5.35 per annum dividend rate applicable to the A Shares. Also based on the 6.50 per annum dividend rate applicable to the A3 Shares, M3 Shares, AA2 Shares, and MM2 Shares. Other series of preferred stock, including other series of preferred stock being sold in different offerings, may bear different annual dividend rates. No dividend will be paid on shares of Preferred Stock after they have been converted to shares of common stock. 
 (9) The indirect expenses associated with the Company s investments in collateralized loan obligations are not included in the fee table presentation, but if such expenses were included in the fee table presentation then the Company s total annual expenses would have been 14.41 , or 16.83 after dividends on preferred stock. 
 
 87 

Example 
 88 

While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return on our portfolio, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . The income incentive fee under our Investment Advisory Agreement with Prospect Capital Management is unlikely to be material assuming a 5 annual return on our portfolio and is not included in the example. If we achieve sufficient returns on our portfolio, including through the realization of capital gains, to trigger an incentive fee of a material amount, our distributions to our common stockholders and our expenses would likely be higher. In addition, while the example assumes reinvestment of all dividends and other distributions at NAV, common stockholders that participate in our common stock dividend reinvestment plan will receive a number of shares of our common stock determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to a participant by 95 of the market price per share of our common stock at the close of trading on the valuation date for the distribution. 
 This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses. Actual expenses (including the cost of debt, if any, and other expenses) may be greater or less than those shown. 
 
 (1) Includes up to a 7.0 selling commission on the 25.00 per share (the Stated Value paid by the Company and a dealer manager fee equal to 3.0 of the Stated Value paid by the Company. Reductions in selling commissions will be reflected in reduced public offering prices as described in the Plan of Distribution section of the applicable prospectus supplement and the net proceeds to us will not be impacted by such reductions; therefore, we will bear a reduction in net proceeds to us up to 7.0 of the Stated Value on all A1 and A3 Shares although the selling commission compensation paid by us to our dealer manager may represent less than 7.0 of the Stated Value. We may, through the Holder Optional Conversion Fee, recoup a portion of the Sales Load if stockholders exercise a Holder Optional Conversion (as defined in the prospectus supplement relating to the applicable offering) of their Preferred Stock prior to the 5-year anniversary of the original issue date. The Holder Optional Conversion Fee is 9.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein prior to the first anniversary of the issuance of such Preferred Stock, 8.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the first anniversary but prior to the second anniversary, 7.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the second anniversary but prior to the third anniversary, 6.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the third anniversary but prior to the fourth anniversary, 5.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the fourth anniversary but prior to the fifth anniversary and 0.00 on or after the fifth anniversary. 
 
 (2) Includes a dealer manager fee equal to 3.0 of the Stated Value paid by the Company. 
 
 (3) Includes up to a 4.875 selling commission on the 25.00 per share (the Stated Value paid by the Company and a dealer manager fee equal to 0.125 of the Stated Value paid by the Company. For the AA1 Shares and AA2 Shares we may, through the Holder Optional Conversion Fee, recoup a portion of the Sales Load if stockholders exercise a Holder Optional Conversion (as defined in the prospectus supplement relating to the applicable offering) of their Preferred Stock prior to the 5-year anniversary of the original issue date. The Holder Optional Conversion Fee is 9.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein prior to the first anniversary of the issuance of such Preferred Stock, 8.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the first anniversary but prior to the second anniversary, 7.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the second anniversary but prior to the third anniversary, 6.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the third anniversary but prior to the fourth anniversary, 5.00 of the maximum public offering price disclosed herein on or after the fourth anniversary but prior to the fifth anniversary and 0.00 on or after the fifth anniversary. 
 
 (4) The selling commission and dealer manager fee, when combined with organization and offering expenses (including due diligence expenses and fees for establishing servicing arrangements for new stockholder accounts), are not expected to exceed 11.5 of the gross offering proceeds. Our Board of Directors may, in its discretion, authorize the Company to incur underwriting and other offering expenses in excess of 11.5 of the gross offering proceeds. In no event will the combined selling commission, dealer manager fee and offering expenses exceed FINRA s limit on underwriting and other offering expenses. 
 
 89 

(5) The selling commission and dealer manager fee, when combined with organization and offering expenses (including due diligence expenses), are not expected to exceed 6.0 of the gross offering proceeds. Our Board of Directors may, in its discretion, authorize the Company to incur underwriting and other offering expenses in excess of 6.0 of the gross offering proceeds. In no event will the combined selling commission, dealer manager fee and offering expenses exceed FINRA s limit on underwriting and other offering expenses. 
 
 (6) The expenses of the Preferred DRIP are included in other expenses. See Capitalization in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 
 (7) Our base management fee is 2 of our gross assets (which include any amount borrowed, i.e. , total assets without deduction for any liabilities, including any borrowed amounts for non-investment purposes, for which purpose we have not and have no intention of borrowing). Although no plans are in place to borrow the full amount under our line of credit, assuming that we borrowed 1.9 billion, the 2 management fee of gross assets equals approximately 5.09 of net assets. 
 
 (8) Based on our net investment income and realized capital gains, less realized and unrealized capital losses, earned on our portfolio for the year ended June 30, 2023, all of which consisted of an income incentive fee. This historical amount has been adjusted to reflect the issuance of 82,187,000 shares of combined 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock. The capital gain incentive fee is paid without regard to pre-incentive fee income. For a more detailed discussion of the calculation of the two-part incentive fee, see Management Services-Investment Advisory Agreement in the applicable prospectus. 
 
 (9) As of June 30, 2023, we had 1.6 billion outstanding of Unsecured Notes (as defined below) in various maturities, ranging from January 15, 2024 to March 15, 2052, and interest rates, ranging from 1.50 to 6.625 , some of which are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at various conversion rates. 
 
 (10) Other expenses are based on estimated amounts for the current fiscal year. The amount shown above represents annualized expenses during our year ended June 30, 2023 representing all of our estimated recurring operating expenses (except fees and expenses reported in other items of this table) that are deducted from our operating income and reflected as expenses in our Statement of Operations. The estimate of our overhead expenses, including payments under an administration agreement with Prospect Administration, or the Administration Agreement is based on our projected allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by Prospect Administration in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement. See Business-Management Services-Administration Agreement in the applicable prospectus. 
 
 (11) If all 82,187,000 shares of combined 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock were converted into common stock and assuming all the Series A1, Series A3, and Series AA2 Preferred Stock pay a Holder Optional Conversion Fee of 9.00 and all the Series A2 Preferred Stock pay a Holder Optional Conversion Fee of 7.50 of the maximum public offering price disclosed within the applicable prospectus supplement and are converted at a conversion rate based on the 5-day VWAP of our common stock on June 30, 2023, which was 6.16, then management fees would be 3.26 , incentive fees payable under our Investment Advisory Agreement would be 1.53 , total advisory fees would be 4.79 , total interest expenses would be 3.71 , other expenses would be 0.71 , and total annual expenses would be 9.21 of net assets attributable to our common stock. The actual 5-day VWAP of our common stock on a conversion date may be more or less than 6.16, which may result in fees that are higher or lower than those described herein. These figures are based on the same assumptions described in the other notes to this fee table. 
 
 (12) Based on the 5.50 per annum dividend rate applicable to the A1 Shares, M1 Shares, M2 Shares, AA1 Shares, MM1 Shares, and A2 Shares. Also based on the 5.35 per annum dividend rate applicable to the A Shares. Also based on the 6.50 per annum dividend rate applicable to the A3 Shares, M3 Shares, AA2 Shares, and MM2 Shares. Other series of preferred stock, including other series of preferred stock being sold in different offerings, may bear different annual dividend rates. No dividend will be paid on shares of Preferred Stock after they have been converted to shares of common stock. 
 
 (13) The indirect expenses associated with the Company s investments in collateralized loan obligations are not included in the fee table presentation, but if such expenses were included in the fee table presentation then the Company s total annual expenses would have been 14.95 , or 18.57 after dividends on Preferred Stock. 

90 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 91 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 (All figures in this item are in thousands except share, per share and other data.) 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. In addition to historical information, the following discussion and other parts of this Annual Report contain forward-looking information that involves risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from any results expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to the factors discussed in Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements appearing elsewhere herein. 
 
 Overview 
 The terms Prospect , the Company , we , us and our mean Prospect Capital Corporation and its subsidiaries unless the context specifically requires otherwise. 
 
 Prospect is a financial services company that primarily lends to and invests in middle market privately-held companies. We are a closed-end investment company incorporated in Maryland. We have elected to be regulated as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act ). As a BDC, we have elected to be treated as a regulated investment company RIC ), under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code ). We were organized on April 13, 2004, and were funded in an initial public offering completed on July 27, 2004. 
 
 On May 15, 2007, we formed a wholly owned subsidiary Prospect Capital Funding LLC PCF ), a Delaware limited liability company and a bankruptcy remote special purpose entity, which holds certain of our portfolio loan investments that are used as collateral for the revolving credit facility at PCF. Our wholly owned subsidiary Prospect Small Business Lending, LLC PSBL was formed on January 27, 2014, and purchased small business whole loans from online small business loan originators, including On Deck Capital, Inc. OnDeck ). On September 30, 2014, we formed a wholly-owned subsidiary Prospect Yield Corporation, LLC PYC and effective October 23, 2014, PYC holds a portion of our collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), which we also refer to as subordinated structured notes SSNs ). Each of these subsidiaries have been consolidated since operations commenced. 
 We consolidate certain of our wholly owned and substantially wholly owned holding companies formed by us in order to facilitate our investment strategy. The following companies are included in our consolidated financial statements and are collectively referred to as the Consolidated Holding Companies : CP Holdings of Delaware LLC CP Holdings Credit Central Holdings of Delaware, LLC Credit Central Delaware Energy Solutions Holdings Inc.; First Tower Holdings of Delaware LLC First Tower Delaware MITY Holdings of Delaware Inc. MITY Delaware Nationwide Acceptance Holdings LLC; NMMB Holdings, Inc. NMMB Holdings NPH Property Holdings, LLC NPH Prospect Opportunity Holdings I, Inc. POHI SB Forging Company, Inc. SB Forging STI Holding, Inc.; UTP Holdings Group Inc. UTP Holdings Valley Electric Holdings I, Inc. Valley Holdings I and Valley Electric Holdings II, Inc. Valley Holdings II ). 
 We are externally managed by our investment adviser, Prospect Capital Management L.P. Prospect Capital Management or the Investment Adviser ). Prospect Administration LLC Prospect Administration ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Investment Adviser, provides administrative services and facilities necessary for us to operate. 
 Our investment objective is to generate both current income and long-term capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. We invest primarily in senior and subordinated secured debt and equity of private companies in need of capital for acquisitions, divestitures, growth, development, recapitalizations and other purposes. We work with the management teams or financial sponsors to seek investments with historical cash flows, asset collateral or contracted pro-forma cash flows. 
 We currently have four primary strategies that guide our origination of investment opportunities: (1) lending to companies, including companies controlled by private equity sponsors and not controlled by private equity sponsors, and including both directly-originated loans and syndicated loans, (2) lending to companies and purchasing controlling equity positions in such companies, including both operating companies and financial services companies, (3) purchasing controlling equity positions and lending to real estate companies, and (4) investing in structured credit. We may also invest in other strategies and opportunities from time to time that we view as attractive. We continue to evaluate other origination strategies in the ordinary course of business with no specific top-down allocation to any single origination strategy. 
 92 

Lending to Companies - We make directly-originated, agented loans to companies, including companies which are controlled by private equity sponsors and companies that are not controlled by private equity sponsors (such as companies that are controlled by the management team, the founder, a family or public shareholders). This debt can take the form of first lien, second lien, unitranche or unsecured loans. These loans typically have equity subordinate to our loan position. We may also purchase selected equity co-investments in such companies. In addition to directly-originated, agented loans, we also invest in senior and secured loans syndicated loans and high yield bonds that have been sold to a club or syndicate of buyers, both in the primary and secondary markets. These investments are often purchased with a long term, buy-and-hold outlook, and we often look to provide significant input to the transaction by providing anchoring orders. Historically, this strategy has comprised approximately 40 -60 of our portfolio. 
 Lending to Companies and Purchasing Controlling Equity Positions in Such Companies - This strategy involves purchasing senior and secured yield-producing debt and controlling equity positions in operating companies across various industries. We believe this strategy provides enhanced certainty of closure to sellers and the opportunity for management to continue on in their current roles. These investments are often structured in tax-efficient partnerships, enhancing returns. Historically, this strategy has comprised approximately 15 -25 of our portfolio. 
 Purchasing Controlling Equity Positions and Lending to Real Estate Companies - We purchase debt and controlling equity positions in tax-efficient real estate investment trusts REIT or REITs ). The real estate investments of National Property REIT Corp. NPRC are in various classes of developed and occupied real estate properties that generate current yields, including multi-family properties, and student housing. NPRC seeks to identify properties that have historically significant occupancy rates and recurring cash flow generation. NPRC generally co-invests with established and experienced property management teams that manage such properties after acquisition. Additionally, NPRC makes investments in rated secured structured notes (primarily debt of structured credit). NPRC also purchases loans originated by certain consumer loan facilitators. It purchases each loan in its entirety (i.e., a whole loan ). The borrowers are consumers, and the loans are typically serviced by the facilitators of the loans. Historically, this overall investment strategy has comprised approximately 10 -20 of our business. 
 Investing in Structured Credit - We make investments in structured credit, often taking a significant position in subordinated structured notes (equity) and rated secured structured notes (debt). The underlying portfolio of each structured credit investment is diversified across approximately 100 to 200 broadly syndicated loans and does not have direct exposure to real estate, mortgages, or consumer-based credit assets. The structured credit portfolios in which we invest are managed by established collateral management teams with many years of experience in the industry. Historically, this overall strategy has comprised approximately 10 -20 of our portfolio. 
 We invest primarily in first and second lien secured loans and unsecured debt, which in some cases includes an equity component. First and second lien secured loans generally are senior debt instruments that rank ahead of unsecured debt of a given portfolio company. These loans also have the benefit of security interests on the assets of the portfolio company, which may rank ahead of or be junior to other security interests. Our investments in structured credit are subordinated to senior loans and are generally unsecured. We invest in debt and equity positions of structured credit which are a form of securitization in which the cash flows of a portfolio of loans are pooled and passed on to different classes of owners in various tranches. Our structured credit investments are derived from portfolios of corporate debt securities which are generally risk rated from BB to B. 
 We hold many of our control investments in a two-tier structure consisting of a holding company and one or more related operating companies for tax purposes. These holding companies serve various business purposes including concentration of management teams, optimization of third-party borrowing costs, improvement of supplier, customer, and insurance terms, and enhancement of co-investments by the management teams. In these cases, our investment, which is generally equity in the holding company, the holding company s equity investment in the operating company and any debt from us directly to the operating company structure represents our total exposure for the investment. As of June 30, 2023, as shown in our Consolidated Schedule of Investments , the cost basis and fair value of our investments in controlled companies was 2,988,496 and 3,571,697, respectively. This structure gives rise to several of the risks described in our public documents and highlighted elsewhere in this Annual Report. We consolidate all wholly owned and substantially wholly owned holding companies formed by us for the purpose of holding our controlled investments in operating companies. There is no significant effect of consolidating these holding companies as they hold minimal assets other than their investments in the controlled operating companies. Investment company accounting prohibits the consolidation of any operating companies. 
 93 

On June 9, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, our stockholders authorized us to sell shares of our common stock (during the next 12 months) at a price or prices below our net asset value per share at the time of sale in one or more offerings, subject to certain conditions as set forth in the proxy statement relating to the special meeting (including that the number of shares sold on any given date does not exceed 25 of its outstanding common stock immediately prior to such sale). 

Fourth Quarter Highlights 
 Investment Transactions 
 We seek to be a long-term investor with our portfolio companies. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, we acquired 180,640 of new investments, completed follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies totaling approximately 144,644, funded 12,818 of revolver advances, and recorded PIK interest of 34,135, resulting in gross investment originations of 372,236. During the three months ended June 30, 2023, we received full repayments totaling 5,799, received 12,000 in sales, received 85 of revolver paydowns, received 103,861 in partial prepayments, scheduled principal amortization payments, and return of capital distributions, resulting in net repayments of 121,745. 
 Debt Issuances and Redemptions 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, we repaid 1,893 aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes at par in accordance with the Survivor s Option, as defined in the InterNotes Offering prospectus. As a result of these transactions, we recorded a loss in the amount of the unamortized debt issuance costs. The net loss on the extinguishment of Prospect Capital InterNotes in the three months ended June 30, 2023, was 42. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, we issued 4,534 aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes with a weighted average stated interest rate of 5.89 , to extend our borrowing base. The newly issued notes mature between April 15, 2026 and June 15, 2043 and generated net proceeds of 4,463. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, we increased total commitments to the Revolving Credit Facility by 135,000 to 1,912,500 in the aggregate. 
 Equity Issuances 
 On April 19, 2023, May 18, 2023 and June 21, 2023, we is sued 516,449, 561,540, and 537,884 shares of our common stock in connection with the dividend reinvestment plan, respectively. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, 141,180 shares of our Series A1 Preferred Stock, 31,764 shares of our Series A3 Preferred Stock, 241,672 shares of our Series M1 Preferred Stock, and 7,440 shares of our Series M3 Preferred Stock were converted to 1,583,803 shares of our common stock, in connection with Holder Optional Conversions and Optional Redemptions Following Death of a Holder. 
 During the three three months ended June 30, 2023, we issued 3,796,377 shares of our Series A3 Preferred Stock for net proceeds of 85,418 and 688,892 shares of our Series M3 Preferred Stock for net proceeds of 16,766, each excluding offering costs and preferred stock dividend reinvestment. 
 In connection with our Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan, we issued additional Series A1 Preferred Stock, Series A3 Preferred Stock, Series M1 Preferred Stock, and Series M3 Preferred Stock of 7,024, 8,124, and 7,860 shares throug hout April, May, and June. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company repurchased 37,346 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a total cost of approximately 579, including fees and commissions paid to the broker, representing an average repurchase price of 15.42 per share. 

Investment Holdings 
 At June 30, 2023, we have 7,724,931, or 207.0 , of our net assets applicable to common shares invested in 130 long-term portfolio investments and CLOs. 
 94 

Our annualized current yield was 13.3 and 11.1 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, across all performing interest bearing investments, excluding equity investments and non-accrual loans. Our annualized current yield was 10.7 and 8.7 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, across all investments. In many of our portfolio companies we hold equity positions, ranging from minority interests to majority stakes, which we expect over time to contribute to our investment returns. Some of these equity positions include features such as contractual minimum internal rates of returns, preferred distributions, flip structures and other features expected to generate additional investment returns, as well as contractual protections and preferences over junior equity, in addition to the yield and security offered by our cash flow and collateral debt protections. 
 We are a non-diversified company within the meaning of the 1940 Act. As required by the 1940 Act, we classify our investments by level of control. As defined in the 1940 Act, Control Investments are those where there is the ability or power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of a company. Control is generally deemed to exist when a company or individual possesses a beneficial ownership of 25 or more of the voting securities of an investee company. Under the 1940 Act, Affiliate Investments are defined by a lesser degree of influence and are deemed to exist through owning, controlling, or holding with power to vote, 5 or more of the outstanding voting securities of another person. Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments are those that are neither Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we own controlling interests in the following portfolio companies: CP Energy Services Inc. CP Energy Credit Central Loan Company, LLC Credit Central Echelon Transportation, LLC Echelon First Tower Finance Company LLC First Tower Finance Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC Freedom Marine InterDent, Inc. InterDent Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort Kickapoo MITY, Inc. MITY NPRC; Nationwide Loan Company LLC Nationwide NMMB, Inc. NMMB Pacific World Corporation Pacific World R-V Industries, Inc. R-V Universal Turbine Parts, LLC UTP USES Corp. United States Environmental Services or USES and Valley Electric Company, Inc. Valley Electric ). In June 2019, CP Energy purchased a controlling interest of the common equity of Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc. Spartan Holdings ), which owns 100 of Spartan Energy Services, LLC Spartan ), a portfolio company of Prospect with 32,653 in senior secured term loans (the Spartan Term Loan A due to us as of June 30, 2023. As a result of CP Energy s purchase, and given Prospect s controlling interest in CP Energy, we report our investments in Spartan as control investment. Spartan remains the direct borrower and guarantor to Prospect for the Spartan Term Loan A. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we also own affiliated interests in Nixon, Inc. Nixon and RGIS Services, LLC, RGIS ). 
 The following shows the composition of our investment portfolio by level of control as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Level of Control Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Control Investments 2,988,496 38.3 3,571,697 46.2 2,732,906 38.0 3,438,317 45.2 Affiliate Investments 8,855 0.1 10,397 0.1 242,101 3.4 393,264 5.2 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 4,803,245 61.6 4,142,837 53.7 4,221,824 58.6 3,770,929 49.6 Total Investments 
 7,800,596 100.0 7,724,931 100.0 7,196,831 100.0 7,602,510 100.0 
 95 

The following shows the composition of our investment portfolio by type of investment as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Type of Investment Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 58,139 0.7 58,058 0.8 39,775 0.6 39,746 0.5 First Lien Debt 4,431,887 56.8 4,302,795 55.7 3,839,553 53.3 3,757,960 49.4 Second Lien Revolving Line of Credit 5,139 0.1 4,646 0.1 Second Lien Debt 1,586,112 20.3 1,257,862 16.3 1,588,557 22.1 1,471,336 19.4 Unsecured Debt 7,200 0.1 7,200 0.1 7,200 0.1 7,200 0.1 Subordinated Structured Notes 952,815 12.3 665,002 8.6 997,703 13.9 711,429 9.4 Preferred Stock 358,622 4.6 34,155 0.4 345,602 4.8 47,719 0.6 Common Stock 194,557 2.5 1,083,134 14.0 197,215 2.7 1,187,620 15.6 Membership Interest 206,125 2.6 254,936 3.3 181,226 2.5 316,970 4.2 Participating Interest (1) 57,143 0.7 62,530 0.8 Total Investments 7,800,596 100.0 7,724,931 100.0 7,196,831 100.0 7,602,510 100.0 
 (1) Participating Interest includes our participating equity investments, such as net profits interests, net operating income interests, net revenue interests, and overriding royalty interests. 
 
 The following shows our investments in interest bearing securities by type of investment as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Type of Investment Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio First Lien Debt and First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 4,490,026 63.8 4,360,853 69.2 3,879,328 59.9 3,797,706 63.4 Second Lien Debt and Second Lien Revolving Line of Credit 1,591,251 22.6 1,262,508 20.1 1,588,557 24.5 1,471,336 24.6 Unsecured 7,200 0.1 7,200 0.1 7,200 0.1 7,200 0.1 Subordinated Structured Notes 952,815 13.5 665,002 10.6 997,703 15.5 711,429 11.9 Total Interest Bearing Investments 7,041,292 100.0 6,295,563 100.0 6,472,788 100.0 5,987,671 100.0 
 
 96 

The following shows the composition of our investment portfolio by industry as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Industry Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Cost of Portfolio Fair Value of Portfolio Aerospace Defense 112,181 1.4 64,198 0.8 108,790 1.5 65,766 0.9 Air Freight Logistics 188,171 2.4 188,946 2.4 178,077 2.5 178,414 2.3 Automobile Components 134,581 1.7 109,525 1.4 104,499 1.5 103,536 1.4 Building Products 35,000 0.4 33,120 0.4 35,000 0.5 34,697 0.5 Capital Markets 42,500 0.5 39,984 0.5 42,500 0.6 41,574 0.5 Commercial Services Supplies 575,882 7.4 510,858 6.6 424,795 5.9 356,965 4.7 Communications Equipment 59,852 0.8 59,677 0.8 59,780 0.8 57,556 0.8 Construction Engineering 91,148 1.2 165,784 2.1 68,259 0.9 145,983 1.9 Consumer Finance 625,033 8.0 736,635 9.5 568,739 7.9 765,168 10.1 Distributors 288,054 3.7 243,824 3.2 278,530 3.9 180,108 2.4 Diversified Consumer Services 281,274 3.6 89,589 1.2 250,393 3.5 365,669 4.8 Diversified Financial Services 36,504 0.5 36,504 0.5 36,878 0.5 36,878 0.5 Diversified Telecommunication Services 162,239 2.1 161,676 2.1 165,966 2.3 166,356 2.2 Electrical Equipment 68,399 0.9 68,464 0.9 Energy Equipment Services 325,110 4.2 126,730 1.6 300,496 4.2 126,600 1.7 Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) 741,133 9.5 1,437,796 18.6 647,316 9.0 1,399,857 18.3 Food Staples Retailing 27,139 0.3 26,828 0.3 9,262 0.1 9,440 0.1 Food Products 134,889 1.7 122,003 1.6 130,998 1.8 127,436 1.7 Health Care Equipment Supplies 7,488 0.1 7,500 0.1 7,483 0.1 6,966 0.1 Health Care Providers Services 687,813 8.8 798,365 10.3 660,976 9.2 748,591 9.8 Health Care Technology 129,684 1.7 128,793 1.7 89,675 1.2 89,675 1.2 Hotels, Restaurants Leisure 21,701 0.3 20,776 0.3 23,359 0.3 22,651 0.3 Household Durables 159,854 2.0 155,645 2.0 123,175 1.7 122,652 1.6 Household Products 20,936 0.3 20,936 0.3 Insurance 21,966 0.3 22,280 0.3 Interactive Media Services 160,281 2.1 160,281 2.1 233,204 3.2 233,204 3.1 Internet Direct Marketing Retail 20,487 0.3 16,920 0.2 20,212 0.3 17,454 0.2 IT Services 357,982 4.7 346,288 4.5 305,311 4.2 303,681 4.0 Leisure Products 69,694 0.9 69,380 0.9 39,015 0.5 38,757 0.5 Machinery 103,273 1.3 144,649 1.9 108,780 1.5 124,458 1.6 Media 103,409 1.3 138,776 1.8 108,062 1.5 161,140 2.1 Online Lending 21,580 0.3 21,580 0.3 29,080 0.4 29,080 0.4 Paper Forest Products 11,445 0.2 4,952 0.1 Personal Products 278,875 3.6 65,746 0.9 260,396 3.6 59,179 0.8 Pharmaceuticals 99,269 1.3 99,289 1.3 25,557 0.4 25,962 0.3 Professional Services 211,693 2.7 201,494 2.6 205,032 2.8 203,256 2.7 Software 52,350 0.7 49,111 0.6 52,295 0.7 52,500 0.7 Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals 12,447 0.2 12,398 0.2 Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods 167,475 2.1 167,530 2.2 178,428 2.5 211,359 2.8 Trading Companies Distributors 65,184 0.8 45,065 0.6 65,216 0.9 31,147 0.4 Subtotal 6,647,181 85.3 6,859,329 88.8 6,012,328 83.4 6,704,281 88.3 Structured Finance(1) 1,153,415 14.7 865,602 11.2 1,184,503 16.6 898,229 11.7 Total Investments 7,800,596 100.0 7,724,931 100.0 7,196,831 100.0 7,602,510 100.0 
 (1) Our SSN investments do not have industry concentrations and as such have been separated in the tables above. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, Structured Finance includes 236,248 and 186,800, respectively, of senior secured debt investments held through our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiary. 
 97 

Portfolio Investment Activity 
 Our origination efforts are focused primarily on secured lending to non-control investments to reduce the risk in the portfolio by investing primarily in first lien loans and second lien loans, though we also continue to close select equity investments. For information regarding investment activity for the year ended June 30, 2021, see the Company s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Our gross investment activity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 are presented below: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Investments in portfolio companies Investments in new portfolio companies 529,113 1,209,578 Follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (1) 
 393,576 1,019,085 Revolver advances 21,669 10,500 PIK interest (2) 
 132,087 83,124 Total investments in portfolio companies 1,076,445 2,322,287 Investments by portfolio composition First Lien Debt 980,966 1,340,094 Second Lien Debt 82,390 950,509 Subordinated Structured Notes 9,518 Unsecured Debt 5,799 Equity 7,290 22,166 Total investments by portfolio composition 1,076,445 2,322,287 Investments repaid or sold Partial repayments (3) 
 290,592 451,905 Full repayments 108,851 661,811 Investments sold 62,056 6,209 Revolver paydowns 1,437 1,678 Total investments repaid or sold 462,936 1,121,603 Investments repaid or sold by portfolio composition First Lien Debt 355,449 707,263 1.5 Lien Debt 18,164 Second Lien Debt 62,177 337,356 Third Lien Debt 3,950 Unsecured Debt 5,799 Subordinated Structured Notes 31,805 27,304 Equity 7,706 27,566 Total investments repaid or sold by portfolio composition 462,936 1,121,603 Weighted average interest rates for new investments by portfolio composition (4) 
 First Lien Debt 11.87 8.87 Second Lien Debt 13.44 10.37 
 (1) Includes follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies and refinancings, if any. 
 98 

(2) During the year ended June 30, 2023, approximately 130,789 of PIK interest capitalized was accrued as interest income and the remaining 1,298 was included due to the timing of interest payment dates and resulting capitalization occurring during the prior year. During the year ended June 30, 2022, approximately 78,918 of PIK interest capitalized was accrued as interest income and the remaining 4,206 was included due to the timing of interest payment dates and resulting capitalization occurring during the prior year. 
 (3) Includes partial prepayments of principal, scheduled amortization payments and refinancings, if any. 
 (4) Weighted average interest rates for new investments by portfolio composition is calculated with the current rate at the end of the period. In addition, Revolving Line of Credit and Delayed Draw Term Loans are excluded from the calculation. 

Investment Valuation 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available must be valued at such market quotations. In order to validate market quotations, management and the independent valuation firm look at a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and nature of the quotations. These investments are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The fair value of debt investments specifically classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy are generally valued by an independent pricing agent or more than one principal market maker, if available, otherwise a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. We generally value over-the-counter securities by using the prevailing bid and ask prices from dealers during the relevant period end, which were provided by an independent pricing agent and screened for validity by such service. 
 In determining the range of values for debt instruments where market quotations are not readily available, and are therefore classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except CLOs and debt investments in controlling portfolio companies, management and the independent valuation firm estimated corporate and security credit ratings and identified corresponding yields to maturity for each loan from relevant market data. A discounted cash flow technique was then applied using the appropriate yield to maturity as the discount rate, to determine a range of values. In determining the range of values for debt investments of controlled companies and equity investments, the enterprise value was determined by applying a market approach such as using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples, net income and/or book value multiples for similar guideline public companies and/or similar recent investment transactions and/or an income approach, such as the discounted cash flow technique. The enterprise value technique may also be used to value debt investments which are credit impaired. For stressed debt and equity investments, asset recovery analysis was used. 
 In determining the range of values for our investments in CLOs, the independent valuation firm uses a discounted multi-path cash flow model. The valuations were accomplished through the analysis of the CLO deal structures to identify the risk exposures from the modeling point of view as well as to determine an appropriate call date (i.e., expected maturity). These risk factors are sensitized in the multi-path cash flow model using Monte Carlo simulations, which are simulations used to model the probability of different outcomes, to generate probability-weighted (i.e., multi-path) cash flows for the underlying assets and liabilities. These cash flows are discounted using appropriate market discount rates, and relevant data in the CLO market and certain benchmark credit indices are considered, to determine the value of each CLO investment. In addition, we generate a single-path cash flow utilizing our best estimate of expected cash receipts, and assess the reasonableness of the implied discount rate that would be effective for the value derived from the corresponding multi-path cash flow model. 
 With respect to our online consumer and SME lending initiative, we invest primarily in marketplace loans through marketplace lending platforms. We do not conduct loan origination activities ourselves. Therefore, our ability to purchase consumer and SME loans, and our ability to grow our portfolio of consumer and SME loans, are directly influenced by the business performance and competitiveness of the marketplace loan origination business of the marketplace lending platforms from which we purchase consumer and SME loans. In addition, our ability to analyze the risk-return profile of consumer and SME loans is significantly dependent on the marketplace platforms ability to effectively evaluate a borrower s credit profile and likelihood of default. If we are unable to effectively evaluate borrowers credit profiles or the credit decisioning and scoring models implemented by each platform, we may incur unanticipated losses which could adversely impact our operating results. 
 The Board of Directors looked at several factors in determining where within the range to valu e the asset including: recent operating and financial trends for the asset, independent ratings obtained from third parties, comparable multiples for recent sales of companies within the industry and discounted cash flow models for ou r investments in CLOs. The composite of all these various valuation techniques, applied to each investment, was a total valuatio n of 7,724,931 . 
 Our portfolio companies are generally lower middle-market companies, outside of the financial sector, with less than 100,000 of annual EBITDA. We believe our investment portfolio has experienced less volatility than others because we believe there are more buy and hold investors who own these less liquid investments. 
 99 

Control Company Investments 
 Control investments offer increased risk and reward over straight debt investments. Operating results and changes in market multiples can result in dramatic changes in values from quarter to quarter. Significant downturns in operations can further result in our looking to recoveries on sales of assets rather than the enterprise value of the investment. Equity positions in our portfolio are susceptible to potentially significant changes in value, both increases as well as decreases, due to changes in operating results and market multiples. Our controlled companies discussed below experienced such changes and we recorded corresponding fluctuati ons in valuations during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 CP Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Prospect owns 100 of the equity of CP Holdings, a Consolidated Holding Company. CP Holdings owns 99.8 of the equity of CP Energy, and the remaining equity is owned by CP Energy management. CP Energy provides oilfield flowback services and fluid hauling and disposal services through its subsidiaries. 
 
 In June 2019, CP Energy purchased a controlling interest in the common equity of Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc. Spartan Holdings ), which owns 100 of Spartan Energy Services, LLC Spartan a portfolio company of Prospect with 32,653 in first lien term loans (the Spartan Term Loans due to us as of June 30, 2023. As a result of CP Energy s purchase, and given Prospect s controlling interest in CP Energy, our Spartan Term Loans are presented as control investments under CP Energy beginning June 30, 2019. Spartan remains the direct borrow and guarantor to Prospect for the Spartan Term Loans. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in CP Energy wa s 114,020 a s of June 30, 2023, which is a discount of 164,948 from its amortized cost, compared to a fair value of 112,701 as of June 30, 2022, representing a discount of 142,303 to its amortized cost. The increase in discount to amortized cost resulted from increased debt in the capital structure, partially offset by improved performance and increased activity in the oil and gas industry. 
 
 Credit Central Loan Company, LLC 
 
 Prospect owns 100 of the equity of Credit Central Delaware, a consolidated holding company. Credit Central Delaware owns 99.8 of Credit Central, with entities owned by Credit Central management owning the remaining 0.2 of the equity. Credit Central is a branch-based provider of installment loans. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in Credit Central decreased to 73,642 as of June 30, 2023, which represents a discount of 33,852 from its amortized cost, compared to a fair value of 76,935 as of June 30, 2022, representing a discount of 16,298 to its amortized cost basis. The increase in discount to amortized cost resulted from a decline in financial performance and increased cost basis from the issuance of Preferred Class P Shares in the current period. 
 
 First Tower Finance Company LLC 
 
 Prospect owns 100 of the equity of First Tower Delaware, a consolidated holding company. First Tower Delaware owns 78.06 of First Tower Finance. First Tower Finance owns 100 of First Tower, LLC First Tower ), a multiline specialty finance company. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in First Tower was 598,382 as of June 30, 2023, representing a premium of 171,310 to its amortized cost basis compared to a fair value of 607,283 as of June 30, 2022, a premium of 219,912 to its amortized cost. The decrease in premium to amortized cost resulted from a decline in financial performance and increased debt in the capital structure. 
 
 InterDent, Inc. 
 
 During the year ended June 30, 2018, Prospect exercised its rights and remedies under its loan documents to exercise the shareholder voting rights in respect of the stock of InterDent and to appoint a new Board of Directors of InterDent, all the members of which are our Investment Adviser s professionals. As a result, Prospect s investment in InterDent is classified as a control investment. InterDent is a dental support organization DSO ). InterDent provides business and administrative support services to a regionally-diversified set of dental practices so that dentists can focus on delivering high-quality clinical care and patient satisfaction. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in InterDent increased to 457,967 as of June 30, 2023, a premium of 119,670 to its amortized cost basis compared to a fair value of 406,194 as of June 30, 2022, a premium of 87,628 to its amortized cost. The increase in premium to amortized cost was driven by an increase in financial performance. 
 
 100 

National Property REIT Corp. 
 NPRC is a Maryland corporation and a qualified REIT for federal income tax purposes. NPRC is held for purposes of investing, operating, financing, leasing, managing and selling a portfolio of real estate assets and engages in any and all other activities that may be necessary, incidental, or convenient to perform the foregoing. NPRC acquires real estate assets, including, but not limited to, industrial, commercial, and multi-family properties, self-storage, and student housing properties. NPRC may acquire real estate assets directly or through joint ventures by making a majority equity investment in a property-owning entity. Additionally, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, NPRC invests in online consumer loans and RSSNs. As of June 30, 2023, we own 100 of the fully-diluted common equity of NPRC. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we received partial repayments of 109,352 of our loans previously outstanding with NPRC and its wholly owned subsidiaries and 4,000 as a return of capital on our equity investment in NPRC. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we provided 209,381 of debt financing and 3,600 of equity financing to fund purchase of a real estate property, to provide working capital, and to fund purchases of rated secured structured notes. 
 
 The online consumer loan investments held by certain of NPRC s wholly owned subsidiaries are unsecured obligations of individual borrowers that are issued in amounts ranging from 1 to 50, with fixed terms ranging from 60 months to 84 months. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding investment in online consumer loans by certain of NPRC s wholly-owned subsidiaries was comprised of 56 individual loans, residual interest in two securitizations, and one high yield corporate bond, and had an aggregate fair value of 21,144. The average outstanding individual loan balance is approximately 4 and the loans mature on dates ranging from July 1, 2023 to April 11, 2025 with a weighted-average outstanding term of 11 months as of June 30, 2023. Fixed interest rates range from 9.0 to 36.0 with a weighted-average current interest rate of 16.1 . As of June 30, 2023 , our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries relating to online consumer lending had a fair value of 22,980. 
 As of June 30, 2023, based on outstanding principal balance, 48.7 of the online consumer loan portfolio held by certain of NPRC s wholly-owned subsidiaries was invested in super prime loans (borrowers with a Fair Isaac Corporation FICO score, of 720 or greater), 46.7 of the portfolio in prime loans (borrowers with a FICO score of 660 to 719) and 4.6 of the portfolio in near prime loans (borrowers with a FICO score of 580 to 659, a portion of which are considered sub-prime). 
 Loan Type Outstanding Principal Balance Fair Value Interest Rate Range Weighted Average Interest Rate Super Prime 101 98 9.0 - 20.5 12.5 Prime 97 96 13.5 - 25.0 19.0 Near Prime 9 9 23.3 - 36.0 25.2 
 Weighted by outstanding principal balance of the online consumer loans. 
 The rated secured structured note investments held by certain of NPRC s wholly owned subsidiaries are subordinated debt interests in broadly syndicated loans managed by established collateral management teams with many years of experience in the industry. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding investment in rated secured structured notes by certain of NPRC s wholly owned subsidiaries was comprised of 94 investments with a fair value of 423,978 and face value of 448,553. The average outstanding note is approximately 4,772 with an expected maturity date ranging from April 2026 to October 2033 and weighted-average expected maturity of 6 years as of June 30, 2023. Coupons range from three-month SOFR 3M plus 5.20 to 9.23 with a weighted-average coupon of 3M + 6.94 . As of June 30, 2023 , our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries relating to rated secured structured notes had a fair value of 236,248. 
 As of June 30, 2023, based on outstanding notional balance, 12.6 of the portfolio was invested in Single - B rated tranches and 87.4 of the portfolio in BB rated tranches. 
 As of June 30, 2023 , our investment in NPRC and its wholly owned subsidiaries had an amortized cost of 963,313 and a fair value of 1,659,976 , including our investment in online consumer lending and rated secured structured notes as discussed above. As of June 30, 2023, our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries relating to the real estate portfolio had a fair value of 1,437,796 portfolio was comprised of forty-eight multi-family properties, eight student housing properties, four senior living properties, and three commercial properties. The following table shows the location, acquisition date, purchase price, and mortgage outstanding due to other parties for each of the properties held by NPRC as of June 30, 2023: 
 No. Property Name City Acquisition Date Purchase Price Mortgage Outstanding 1 Filet of Chicken Forest Park, GA 10/24/2012 7,400 2 Arlington Park Marietta, LLC Marietta, GA 5/8/2013 14,850 13,493 3 Taco Bell, OK Yukon, OK 6/4/2014 1,719 4 Taco Bell, MO Marshall, MO 6/4/2014 1,405 
 101 

No. Property Name City Acquisition Date Purchase Price Mortgage Outstanding 5 Abbie Lakes OH Partners, LLC Canal Winchester, OH 9/30/2014 12,600 14,809 6 Kengary Way OH Partners, LLC Reynoldsburg, OH 9/30/2014 11,500 14,972 7 Lakeview Trail OH Partners, LLC Canal Winchester, OH 9/30/2014 26,500 28,561 8 Lakepoint OH Partners, LLC Pickerington, OH 9/30/2014 11,000 16,254 9 Sunbury OH Partners, LLC Columbus, OH 9/30/2014 13,000 16,484 10 Heatherbridge OH Partners, LLC Blacklick, OH 9/30/2014 18,416 23,545 11 Jefferson Chase OH Partners, LLC Blacklick, OH 9/30/2014 13,551 18,344 12 Goldenstrand OH Partners, LLC Hilliard, OH 10/29/2014 7,810 11,178 13 SSIL I, LLC Aurora, IL 11/5/2015 34,500 24,912 14 Vesper Tuscaloosa, LLC Tuscaloosa, AL 9/28/2016 54,500 41,852 15 Vesper Iowa City, LLC Iowa City, IA 9/28/2016 32,750 24,135 16 Vesper Corpus Christi, LLC Corpus Christi, TX 9/28/2016 14,250 10,500 17 Vesper Campus Quarters, LLC Corpus Christi, TX 9/28/2016 18,350 13,781 18 Vesper College Station, LLC College Station, TX 9/28/2016 41,500 31,167 19 Vesper Kennesaw, LLC Kennesaw, GA 9/28/2016 57,900 49,637 20 Vesper Statesboro, LLC Statesboro, GA 9/28/2016 7,500 7,480 21 Vesper Manhattan KS, LLC Manhattan, KS 9/28/2016 23,250 14,679 22 9220 Old Lantern Way, LLC Laurel, MD 1/30/2017 187,250 153,580 23 7915 Baymeadows Circle Owner, LLC Jacksonville, FL 10/31/2017 95,700 89,951 24 8025 Baymeadows Circle Owner, LLC Jacksonville, FL 10/31/2017 15,300 15,647 25 23275 Riverside Drive Owner, LLC Southfield, MI 11/8/2017 52,000 54,366 26 23741 Pond Road Owner, LLC Southfield, MI 11/8/2017 16,500 18,832 27 150 Steeplechase Way Owner, LLC Largo, MD 1/10/2018 44,500 36,458 28 Olentangy Commons Owner LLC Columbus, OH 6/1/2018 113,000 92,876 29 Villages of Wildwood Holdings LLC Fairfield, OH 7/20/2018 46,500 58,393 30 Falling Creek Holdings LLC Richmond, VA 8/8/2018 25,000 25,374 31 Crown Pointe Passthrough LLC Danbury, CT 8/30/2018 108,500 89,400 32 Lorring Owner LLC Forestville, MD 10/30/2018 58,521 47,680 33 Hamptons Apartments Owner, LLC Beachwood, OH 1/9/2019 96,500 79,520 34 5224 Long Road Holdings, LLC Orlando, FL 6/28/2019 26,500 21,200 35 Druid Hills Holdings LLC Atlanta, GA 7/30/2019 96,000 79,104 36 Bel Canto NPRC Parcstone LLC Fayetteville, NC 10/15/2019 45,000 42,793 37 Bel Canto NPRC Stone Ridge LLC Fayetteville, NC 10/15/2019 21,900 21,545 38 Sterling Place Holdings LLC Columbus, OH 10/28/2019 41,500 34,196 39 SPCP Hampton LLC Dallas, TX 11/2/2020 36,000 38,843 40 Palmetto Creek Holdings LLC North Charleston, SC 11/10/2020 33,182 25,865 41 Valora at Homewood Holdings LLC Homewood, AL 11/19/2020 81,250 63,844 42 NPRC Fairburn LLC Fairburn, GA 12/14/2020 52,140 43,900 43 NPRC Grayson LLC Grayson, GA 12/14/2020 47,860 40,500 44 NPRC Taylors LLC Taylors, SC 1/27/2021 18,762 14,075 45 Parkside at Laurel West Owner LLC Spartanburg, SC 2/26/2021 57,005 42,025 46 Willows at North End Owner LLC Spartanburg, SC 2/26/2021 23,255 19,000 47 SPCP Edge CL Owner LLC Webster, TX 3/12/2021 34,000 25,496 48 Jackson Pear Orchard LLC Ridgeland, MS 6/28/2021 50,900 42,975 49 Jackson Lakeshore Landing LLC Ridgeland, MS 6/28/2021 22,600 17,955 50 Jackson Reflection Pointe LLC Flowood, MS 6/28/2021 45,100 33,203 51 Jackson Crosswinds LLC Pearl, MS 6/28/2021 41,400 38,601 52 Elliot Apartments Norcross, LLC Norcross, GA 11/30/2021 128,000 104,908 53 Orlando 442 Owner, LLC (West Vue Apartments) Orlando, FL 12/30/2021 97,500 73,000 54 NPRC Wolfchase LLC Memphis, TN 3/18/2022 82,100 60,000 55 NPRC Twin Oaks LLC Hattiesburg. MS 3/18/2022 44,850 34,609 56 NPRC Lancaster LLC Birmingham, AL 3/18/2022 37,550 28,699 57 NPRC Rutland LLC Macon, GA 3/18/2022 29,750 22,855 
 102 

No. Property Name City Acquisition Date Purchase Price Mortgage Outstanding 58 Southport Owner LLC (Southport Crossing) Indianapolis, IN 3/29/2022 48,100 36,075 59 TP Cheyenne, LLC Cheyenne, WY 5/26/2022 27,500 17,656 60 TP Pueblo, LLC Pueblo, CO 5/26/2022 31,500 20,166 61 TP Stillwater, LLC Stillwater, OK 5/26/2022 26,100 15,328 62 TP Kokomo, LLC Kokomo, IN 5/26/2022 20,500 12,753 63 Terraces at Perkins Rowe JV LLC Baton Rouge, LA 11/14/2022 41,400 29,566 2,672,726 2,238,595 
 The fair value of our investment in NPRC increased to 1,659,976 as of June 30, 2023, a premium of 696,663 fro m its amortized cost basis compared to a fair value of 1,615,737 as of June 30, 2022, representing a premium of 752,541. The decrease in premium is primarily driven by a decrease in like-for-like property values due to a rise in discount rates and terminal capitalization rates, partially offset by an increase in market interest rates and growth in net operating income in our real estate portfolio. 
 
 NMMB, Inc. 
 
 Prospect owns 100 of the equity of NMMB Holdings, Inc. NMMB Holdings ), a Consolidated Holding Company. NMMB Holdings owns 92.77 and 90.42 of the fully-diluted equity of NMMB, Inc. (f/k/a NMMB Acquisition, Inc.) NMMB as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, with NMMB management owning the remaining equity. NMMB owns 100 of Refuel Agency, Inc. Refuel Agency ). Refuel Agency owns 100 of Armed Forces Communications, Inc. Armed Forces ). NMMB is an advertising media buying business. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in NMMB decreased to 94,180 as of June 30, 2023, representing a premium of 64,457 to its amortized cost basis, compared to a fair value of 109,943 as of June 30, 2022, representing a premium of 80,220 to its amortized cost basis. The decrease in the premium to amortized cost was driven by decreased forecasted performance. 
 
 Pacific World Corporation 
 
 On May 29, 2018, Prospect exercised its rights and remedies under its loan documents to exercise the shareholder voting rights in respect of the stock of Pacific World Corporation Pacific World and to appoint a new Board of Directors of Pacific World. As a result, as of June 30, 2023, Prospect s investment in Pacific World is classified as a control investment. Pacific World supplies nail and beauty care products to food, drug, mass, and value retail channels worldwide. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in Pacific World decreased to 65,746 as of June 30, 2023, representing a discount of 213,129 to its amortized cost basis, compared to a fair value of 59,179 as of June 30, 2022, representing a discount of 201,217 to its amortized cost. The increase in discount to amortized cost resulted from a from a challenging retail environment and increased debt in the capital structure. 
 
 R-V Industries, Inc. 
 
 Prospect owns 87.75 of the fully-diluted equity of R-V Industries, Inc. R-V ), with R-V management owning the remaining 12.25 of the equity. R-V is a provider of engineering and manufacturing services to chemical, paper, pharmaceutical, and power industries. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in R-V increased to 81,508 as of June 30, 2023, representing a premium of 41,020 to its amortized cost basis, compared to a fair value of 56,923 as of June 30, 2022, representing a premium of 16,435 to its amortized cost basis. The increase in premium to amortized cost was driven by an improvement in financial performance. 
 
 Universal Turbine Parts, LLC 
 
 On December 10, 2018, UTP Holdings purchased all of the voting stock of UTP and appointed a new Board of Directors to UTP Holdings, consisting of three employees of the Investment Advisor. At the time UTP Holdings acquired UTP, UTP Holdings (f/ k/a Harbortouch Holdings of Delaware) was a wholly-owned holding company controlled by Prospect and therefore Prospect s investment in UTP is classified as a control investment as of June 30, 2019. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in UTP increased to 45,065 as of June 30, 2023, a discount of 20,119 from its amortized cost basis, compared to a fair value of 31,147 as of June 30, 2022, representing a discount of 34,069 to it amortized cost. The decrease in discount to amortized cost was driven by an improvement in financial performance. 
 
 103 

USES Corp. 
 
 Prospect owns 99.96 of the equity of USES Corp. as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. USES provides industrial, environmental, and maritime services in the Gulf States region. 
 
 The fair value of our investment in USES decreased to 19,527 as of June 30, 2023, a discount of 59,366 from its amortized cost basis, compared to a fair value of 22,395 as of June 30, 2022, representing a discount of 45,823 to it amortized cost. The increase in discount to amortized cost resulted from increased debt in the capital structure and a decline in financial performance. 
 
 Our controlled investments, including those discussed above, are valued at 583,201 above their amortized cost as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Affiliate and Non-Control Company Investments 
 
 We hold two affiliate investments at June 30, 2023 (Nixon, Inc. and RGIS Services, LLC, RGIS )) with a total fair value of 10,397, a premium of 1,542 from their combined amortized cost. We held four affiliate investments at June 30, 2022 (Nixon, Inc., RGIS, Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited Targus ), and PGX Holdings, Inc. PGX )) with a total fair value of 393,264, representing a 151,163 premium to its amortized cost. The decrease in premium to amortized cost since June 30, 2022, is primarily driven by our equity sale of Targus and the restructuring of PGX, which resulted in a transfer of PGX s investment classification from affiliate to non-control/non-affiliate as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 With the non-control/non-affiliate investments, generally, there is less volatility related to our total investments because our equity positions tend to be smaller than with our control/affiliate investments, and debt investments are generally not as susceptible to large swings in value as equity investments. For debt investments, the fair value is generally limited on the high side to each loan s par value, plus any prepayment premium that could be imposed. As of June 30, 2023 , our non-control/non-affiliate portfolio is valued at a discount to amortized cost primarily due to our CLO investment portfolio, which is valued at a 287,813 discount to amortized cost. Additionally, as of June 30, 2023, five of our non-control/ non-affiliate investments, PGX, United Sporting Companies, Inc. USC ), Curo Group Holdings Corp. Curo ), Engine Group, Inc Engine ), and K N K N Parent, Inc.), are valued at discounts to amortized cost of 179,986, 82,190, 29,985, 29,090, and 24,541, respectively. Of these five investments, PGX experienced a significant change in value during the current period. Leading into March 2023, PGX was undergoing a litigation process commenced by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau regarding the legality of PGX s billing practices when using telemarketing to acquire new business. Due to recent rulings issued by the courts in these legal proceedings, PGX determined it needed to move away from a telemarketing model to an online model to attract new customers. As a result of this material change to PGX s business model (which will take time to develop) and other impacts from the court rulings, PGX filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the District of Delaware in June 2023 and continues to navigate the on-going legal proceedings. Due to these factors, the value of our investment in PGX decreased. 
 
 Our largest non-control/non-affiliate investment is Town Country Holdings, Inc. Town Country ), which is valued at 39,123 above its amortized cost and represents approximately 6.2 of our Net Asset Value as of June 30, 2023. Town Country is a supplier of home textiles and accessories to retailers throughout North America. 

104 

105 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had 697,325 and 660,536, respectively, available to us for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility, net of 1,014,703 and 839,464 outstanding borrowings as of the respective balance sheet dates. Refer to Note 4. Revolving Credit Facility within our consolidated financial statements for additional details.), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Additional 2022 Notes were a further issuance of, and are fully fungible and rank equally in right of payment with, the Original 2022 Notes and bear interest at a rate of 4.95 per year, payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 each year, beginning July 15, 2018. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2022 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were 100,749. 
 As of June 30, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of the 2022 Notes was 60,501. Following maturity during the year ended June 30, 2023, none of the 2022 Notes remain outstanding. 
 On March 1, 2019, we issued 175,000 aggregate principal amount of senior convertible notes that mature on March 1, 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. 
 106 

The 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of 6.375 per year, payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 each year, beginning September 1, 2019. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were 198,674. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of the 2025 Notes were 156,168 and 156,168, respectively. Refer to Note 5. Convertible Notes within our consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Total proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2023 Notes, net of underwriting discounts, were 69,403. 
 Following the maturity of the 2023 Notes during the year ended June 30, 2023, none of the 2023 Notes remained outstanding. 
 On October 1, 2018, we issued 100,000 aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on January 15, 2024 (the 6.375 2024 Notes ). Total proceeds from the issuance of the 6.375 2024 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were 98,985. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 6.375 2024 Notes was 81,240 and 81,240, respectively. 
 On January 22, 2021, we issued 325,000 aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on January 22, 2026 (the Original 2026 Notes ). Total proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2026 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were 74,061. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes was 400,000 and 400,000, respectively. 
 
 On May 27, 2021, we issued 300,000 aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on November 15, 2026 (the 3.364 2026 Notes ). Total proceeds from the issuance of the 3.364 2026 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were 293,283. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 3.364 2026 Notes was 300,000 and 300,000, respectively. 
 On September 30, 2021, we issued 300,000 aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on October 15, 2028 (the 3.437 2028 Notes ). Total proceeds from the issuance of the 3.437 2028 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were 291,798. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 3.437 2028 Notes was 300,000 and 300,000, respectively. 
 107 

). Additional agents may be appointed by us from time to time in connection with the InterNotes Offering and become parties to the Selling Agent Agreement. 
 We have, from time to time, repurchased certain notes issued through the InterNotes Offerings and, therefore, as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes outstanding were 358,105 and 347,564, respectively. Refer to Note 7. Prospect Capital InterNotes within our consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 
 Net Asset Value Applicable to Common Stockholders 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, our net asset value applicable to common shares decreased by 386,458 or 1.24 per common share. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in net realized and net change in unrealized losses of 522,570, or 1.31 per basic weighted average common share. During the year ended June 30, 2023, net investment income of 420,929, or 1.06 per basic weighted average common share exceeded distributions from earnings to common and preferred stockholders of 358,394, or 0.89 per basic weig hted average common share, resulting in a net incr ease of 0.17 pe r basic weighted average common share. The increase was partially offset by 0.10 of dilution per common share related to common stock issuances through our dividend reinvestment program for the year ended June 30, 2023. The following table shows the calculation of net asset value per common share as of June 30, 2023 and : 
 June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Net assets available to common stockholders 3,732,665 4,119,123 Shares of common stock issued and outstanding 404,033,549 393,164,437 Net asset value per common share 9.24 10.48 
 
 Results of Operations 
 For information regarding results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2021, see the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Operating results for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Investment income 852,213 710,904 Operating expenses 431,284 367,004 Net investment income 420,929 343,900 Net realized (losses) from investments (41,046) (13,184) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains from investments (481,344) 262,025 Net realized (losses) on extinguishment of debt (180) (10,157) Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations (101,641) 582,584 Preferred stock dividend (71,153) (25,935) Gain on Repurchase of Preferred Stock 321 Net (Decrease) Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations applicable to Common Stockholders (172,473) 556,649 
 While we seek to maximize gains and minimize losses, our investments in portfolio companies can expose our capital to risks greater than those we may anticipate. These companies typically do not issue securities rated investment grade, and have limited resources, limited operating history, and concentrated product lines or customers. These are generally private companies 
 108 

with limited operating information available and are likely to depend on a small core of management talents. Changes in any of these factors can have a significant impact on the value of the portfolio company. These changes, along with those discussed in Investment Valuation above, can cause significant fluctuations in our net change in unrealized gains (losses) from investments, and therefore our net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations applicable to common stockholders, quarter over quarter. 

Investment Income 
 We generate revenue in the form of interest income on the debt securities that we own, dividend income on any common or preferred stock that we own, and fees generated from the structuring of new deals. Our investments, if in the form of debt securities, will typically have a term of one to ten years and bear interest at a fixed or floating rate. To the extent achievable, we will seek to collateralize our investments by obtaining security interests in our portfolio companies assets. We also may acquire minority or majority equity interests in our portfolio companies, which may pay cash or in-kind dividends on a recurring or otherwise negotiated basis. In addition, we may generate revenue in other forms including prepayment penalties and possibly consulting fees. Any such fees generated in connection with our investments are recognized as earned. 
 Investment income consists of interest income, including accretion of loan origination fees and prepayment penalty fees, dividend income and other income, including settlement of net profits interests, overriding royalty interests and structuring fees. 
 The following table describes the various components of investment income and the related levels of debt investments: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Interest income 760,785 584,685 Dividend income 8,405 15,025 Other income 83,023 111,194 Total investment income 852,213 710,904 Average debt principal of performing interest bearing investments (1) 
 7,093,360 6,208,978 Weighted average interest rate earned on performing interest bearing investments (1) 
 10.73 9.42 Average debt principal of all interest bearing investments (2) 
 7,490,519 6,497,381 Weighted average interest rate earned on all interest bearing investments (2) 
 10.16 9.00 
 (1) Excludes equity investments and non-accrual loans. 
 (2) Excludes equity investments. 
 The average interest earned on interest bearing performing assets increased to 10.73 for the year ended June 30, 2023, from 9.42 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average interest earned on all interest bearing assets increased to 10.16 for the year ended June 30, 2023, from 9.00 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The weighted average interest rate earned on our portfolio increased by 1.31 , primarily due to an increase in LIBOR/SOFR rates rising above our floors amongst our interest-bearing investments, for which interest income increased to 660,699 from 488,283, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Investment income is also generated from dividends and other income which is less predictable than interest income. The following table describes dividend income earned for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Dividend income NMMB, Inc. 2,510 8,383 RGIS Services, LLC 1,374 Valley Electric Company, Inc. 547 3,150 Nationwide Loan Company LLC 2,650 R-V Industries, Inc. 441 Other, net 3,974 401 Total dividend income 8,405 15,025 
 
 109 

Other income is comprised of structuring fees, advisory fees, amendment fees, royalty interests, receipts for residual net profit and revenue interests, administrative agent fees and other miscellaneous and sundry cash receipts. The following table describes other income earned for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Structuring and amendment fees Japs-Olson Company, LLC 2,075 NH Kronos Buyer, Inc. 2,063 Faraday Buyer, LLC 2,012 WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. 2,275 Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation 1,200 USG Intermediate, LLC 1,285 1,034 Duke's Root Control Inc. 1,048 PGX Holdings, Inc. 3,779 Magnate Worldwide, LLC 3,516 PeopleConnect Intermediate, LLC 2,495 Broder 2,239 DRI Holding Inc. 2,488 BCPE Osprey Buyer, Inc. 1,812 Belnick, LLC 1,850 BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. 1,463 National Property REIT Corp. 3,648 Global Tel Link 1,500 SEOTownCenter, Inc. 1,040 First Tower Finance Company LLC 7,898 Other, net 6,173 8,921 Total structuring and amendment fees 18,131 43,683 Royalty, net profit and revenue interests National Property REIT Corp. 63,530 66,124 Other, net 732 695 Total royalty and net revenue interests 64,262 66,819 Administrative agent fees Other, net 630 692 Total administrative agent fees 630 692 Total other income 83,023 111,194 
 Other income for the year ended June 30, 2023 decreased by 28,171 c ompared to the year June 30, 2022 primarily due to a 25,552 dec rease in structuring and amendment fees from less origination activity and transaction related services that would qualify as structuring and amendment fee income. The remaining decrease in other income during the year ended June 30, 2023 is driven by a 2,594 decline in residual profit interest from NPRC as a result of fluctuations in real estate activity. 
 Income recognized from dividend income, prepayment premium from early repayments, structuring fees and amendment fees related to specific loan positions is considered to be non-recurring income. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we recognized 27,106 and 64,907 of non-recurring income, respectively. The 37,801 decrease in non-recurring income during the year ended June 30, 2023 is primarily due to the 25,552 decrease in structuring and amendment fees due to decreases in origination activity and transaction related services. The remaining decline in the year ended June 30, 2023 non-recurring income compared to the prior period is due to decreases of 6,620 in dividend income and a decrease of 5,629 in prepayment premium income. 

Operating Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses consist of investment advisory fees (base management and income incentive fees), borrowing costs, legal and professional fees, overhead-related expenses and other operating expenses. These expenses include our allocable portion of overhead under the Administration Agreement with Prospect Administration under which Prospect Administration provides administrative services and facilities for us. Our investment advisory fees compensate the Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, closing and monitoring our investments. We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions. 
 110 

The following table describes the various components of our operating expenses: 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Base management fee 155,084 140,370 Income incentive fee 87,435 79,491 Interest and credit facility expenses 148,204 117,416 Allocation of overhead from Prospect Administration 20,578 13,797 Audit, compliance and tax related fees 4,874 3,107 Directors fees 525 491 Other general and administrative expenses 14,584 12,332 Total operating expenses 431,284 367,004 
 Total gross and net base management fee was 155,084 and 140,370 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in total gross base management fee is directly related to an increase in average total assets. 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we incurred 87,435 and 79,491 of income incentive fees, respectively. This increase was driven by a corresponding increase in pre-incentive fee net investment income (net of preferred stock dividends) to 437,211 from 397,456 for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. No capital gains incentive fee has yet been incurred pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we incurred 148,204 and 117,416 respectively, of interest and credit facility expenses related to our Revolving Credit Facility, Convertible Notes, Public Notes and Prospect Capital InterNotes (collectively, our Notes ). These expenses are related directly to the leveraging capacity put into place for each of those periods and the levels of indebtedness actually undertaken in those periods. 
 The table below describes the various expenses of our Notes and the related indicators of leveraging capacity and indebtedness during these years: 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Interest on borrowings 134,446 101,803 Amortization of deferred financing costs 6,980 8,024 Accretion of discount on unsecured debt 3,013 2,815 Facility commitment fees 3,765 4,774 Total interest and credit facility expenses 148,204 117,416 Average principal debt outstanding 2,762,086 2,554,571 Annualized weighted average stated interest rate on borrowings (1) 
 4.87 3.99 Annualized weighted average interest rate on borrowings (2) 
 5.37 4.60 
 (1) Includes only the stated interest expense. 
 (2) Includes the stated interest expense, amortization of deferred financing costs, accretion of discount on Public Notes and commitment fees on the undrawn portion of our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 111 

Interest expense was 134,446 and 101,803 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted average stated interest rate on borrowings (excluding amortization, accretion and undrawn facility fees) was 4.87 and 3.99 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on borrowings was 5.37 and 4.60 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Both increases are primarily due to an increase of interest expense from increased LIBOR/SOFR rates for our Revolving Credit Facility partially offset by a decrease of interest expense from redemptions of our Prospect Capital InterNotes , as well as repurchases of our Convertible Notes, 2029 Notes, and 2023 Notes. 
 The allocation of net overhead expense from Prospect Administration was 20,578 and 13,797 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Prospect Administration received estimated payments of 2,664 and 6,336 directly from our portfolio companies, and certain funds managed by the Investment Adviser for legal, tax, and other administrative services during the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. In addition, we were given a credit in the amount of 1,212 for legal expenses incurred on behalf of our portfolio companies that were remitted to Prospect Administration during the year ended June 30, 2023. Had Prospect Administration not received these payments, Prospect Administration s charges for its administrative services would have increased by this amount. The 6,781 increase in the allocated net overhead expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to the prior year period is primarily due to increased managerial assistance and administrative allocations. 
 Total operating expenses, excluding investment advisory fees, interest and credit facility expenses, and allocation of overhead from Prospect Administration Other Operating Expenses ), net of any expense reimbursements, were 19,983 and 15,930 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in audit, compliance and tax related fees, legal fees, as well as other general and administrative expenses. 
 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) 
 The following table details net realized gains (losses) from investments for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 
 Years Ended June 30, Portfolio Company 2023 2022 Targus Group International, Inc. 16,143 Sudbury Mill CLO, Ltd. 1,065 (8,582) Voya CLO 2012-3, Ltd. 440 Voya CLO 2012-2, Ltd. 433 Brookside Mill CLO (7,683) Strategic Materials Holding Corp. (82) Shutterfly, LLC (1,944) NMMB Inc. (2,510) 3,946 Dunn Paper, Inc. (8,791) (385) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2014-1 Ltd. (11,425) Venio LLC (14,325) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2013-1 Ltd. (19,979) Other, net (71) (480) Net realized (losses) gains (41,046) (13,184) 
 Net Realized Loss from Extinguishment of Debt 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we recorded a net realized loss from the extinguishment of debt of 180 and 10,157, respectively. Refer to Capitalization for additional discussion. 
 Net Realized Gain from Repurchase of Preferred Stock 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we recorded a net realized gain from the repurchase of preferred Stock of 321 and 0, respectively. Refer to Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources for additional discussion. 
 112 

Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) 
 The following table details net change in unrealized (losses) gains for our portfolio for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Control investments (122,210) 268,126 Affiliate investments (86,440) (2,629) Non-control/non-affiliate investments (272,694) (3,472) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains (481,344) 262,025 
 The following table reflects net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments for the year ended June 30, 2023: 
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Town Country Holdings, Inc. 39,123 InterDent, Inc. 32,042 R-V Industries, Inc. 24,585 United Sporting Companies, Inc. 15,433 Universal Turbine Parts, LLC 13,950 The RK Logistics Group, Inc. 11,014 MITY, Inc. 8,752 Dunn Paper, Inc. 6,493 Research Now Group, LLC (f/k/a Research Now Group, Inc.) and Dynata, LLC (f/k/a Survey Sampling International, LLC) (6,740) BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. (10,462) Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. (11,444) Pacific World Corporation (11,912) Curo Group Holdings Corp. (13,506) USES Corp. (13,543) NMMB, Inc. (15,763) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC (17,554) CP Energy Services Inc. (22,645) K N HoldCo, LLC (23,181) Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited (33,202) First Tower Finance Company LLC (48,602) Other, net (53,378) National Property REIT Corp. (55,878) PGX Holdings, Inc. (294,926) Net change in unrealized losses (481,344) 
 113 

The following table reflects net change in unrealized gains (losses) on investments for the year ended June 30, 2022: 
 Net Change in Unrealized Gains (Losses) National Property REIT Corp. 316,497 NMMB, Inc. 51,076 Subordinated Structured Notes 47,792 CP Energy Services Inc. 18,945 Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited 9,802 MITY, Inc. 5,363 Universal Turbine Parts, LLC 4,074 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. (4,451) Dunn Paper, Inc. (6,461) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC (9,392) USES Corp. (11,420) PGX Holdings, Inc. (11,995) First Tower Finance Company LLC (16,589) Other, Net (17,863) Curo Group Holdings Corp. (19,142) Pacific World Corporation (23,069) Echelon Transportation, LLC (29,120) InterDent, Inc. (42,022) Net change in unrealized gains 262,025 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, our operating activities used 220,846 and 795,339 of cash, r espectively. The 574,493 decrease is primarily driven by a 1,291,024 decrea se in originations offset by a 9,426 increase in interest receivable and 684,585 decrease in repayments for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to year ended June 30, 2022. There were no investing ac tivities for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. Financing activities prov ided 281,128 and 767,093 of cash during the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, which included dividend payments of 299,143 and 270,295, respectively. The 485,965 decrease in cash provided by our financing activities is primarily driven by a 653,926 decrease in net debt issuances, offset by a 199,779 increase in issuance of preferred stock, for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Our primary uses of funds have been to continue to invest in portfolio companies, through both debt and equity investments, to repay outstanding borrowings and to make cash distributions to our stockholders. 
 
 Our primary sources of funds have historically been issuances of debt and common equity, and beginning with our year ended June 30, 2021, issuances of preferred equity. We have and may continue to fund a portion of our cash needs through repayments and opportunistic sales of our existing investment portfolio. We may also securitize a portion of our investments in unsecured or senior secured loans or other assets. Our objective is to put in place such borrowings in order to enable us to expand our portfolio. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we borrowed 1,544,600 and we made repayments totaling 1,369,361 under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of June 30, 2023, our outstanding balance on the Revolving Credit Facility was 1,014,703. As of June 30, 2023, we had, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, 154,591 outstanding on the Convertible Notes, 1,064,137 outstanding on the Public Notes and 351,417 outstanding on the Prospect Capital InterNotes (See Capitalization above). 
 Undrawn committed revolvers and delayed draw term loans to our portfolio companies incur commitment and unused fees ranging from 0.00 to 7.25 . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had 47,875 and 43,934, respectively, of undrawn revolver and delayed draw term loan commitments to our portfolio companies. The fair value of our undrawn committed revolvers and delayed draw term loans was zero as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, as they were all floating rate instruments that repriced frequently. 
 On February 10, 2023, we filed a registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-269714) that was effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, and which replaced our previously effective registration statement on Form N-2 that had been filed on February 13, 2020 and which was also effective upon filing pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the 
 114 

Securities Act. The registration statement permits us to issue, through one or more transactions, an indeterminate amount of securities, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, subscription rights to purchase our securities, warrants representing rights to purchase our securities or separately tradable units combining two or more of our securities. 
 , the , the . In connection with such offering, on August 3, 2020, June 9, 2022, October 11, 2022 and February 10, 2023, we filed Articles Supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland SDAT ), reclassifying and designating 120,000,000, 60,000,000, 120,000,000, and 60,000,000 shares, respectively, of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock as Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 On October 30, 2020, and as amended on February 18, 2022, October 7, 2022, and February 10, 2023, we entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement with InspereX LLC, pursuant to which InspereX LLC has agreed to serve as the Company s agent and dealer manager for the Company s offering of up to 10,000,000 shares, par value 0.001 per share, of preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share. Such preferred stock will initially be issued in multiple series, including the 5.50 Series AA1 Preferred Stock (the Series AA1 Preferred Stock ), the 5.50 Series MM1 Preferred Stock (the Series MM1 Preferred Stock ), the 6.50 Series AA2 Preferred Stock (the Series AA2 Preferred Stock ), and the 6.50 Series MM2 Preferred Stock (the Series MM2 Preferred Stock and together with the Series M1 Preferred Stock, the Series M2 Preferred Stock, the Series M3 Preferred Stock, and the Series MM1 Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock and the Series MM2 Preferred Stock, together with the Series AA2 Preferred Stock, the Series A3 Preferred Stock and the Series M3 Preferred Stock, the 6.50 Preferred Stock ). In connection with such offering, on October 30, 2020, February 17, 2022 and October 11, 2022, we filed Articles Supplementary with the SDAT, reclassifying and designating an additional 80,000,000 shares of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock as Convertible Preferred Stock. On May 19, 2021, we entered into an Underwriting Agreement with UBS Securities LLC, relating to the offer and sale of 187,000 shares, par value 0.001 per share, of , with a liquidation preference of 25.00 per share (the Series A2 Preferred Stock , and together with the Series A1 Preferred Stock, Series M1 Preferred Stock, Series M2 Preferred Stock, Series AA1 Preferred Stock, and Series MM1 Preferred Stock, the ). The issuance of the Series A2 Preferred Stock settled on May 26, 2021. In connection with such offering, on May 19, 2021, we filed Articles Supplementary with the SDAT, reclassifying and designating an additional 1,000,000 shares of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock as Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 In connection with the offerings of the 5.50 Preferred Stock and the 6.50 Preferred Stock, we adopted and amended, respectively, a preferred stock dividend reinvestment plan (the Preferred Stock Plan or the Preferred Stock DRIP ), pursuant to which holders of the 5.50 Preferred Stock and the 6.50 Preferred Stock will have dividends on their 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock automatically reinvested in additional shares of such 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock, at a price per share of 25.00, if they elect. 

At any time prior to the listing of the 5.50 Preferred Stock and the 6.50 Preferred Stock on a national securities exchange, shares of the 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock are convertible, at the option of the holder of the 5.50 Preferred Stock and the 6.50 Preferred Stock (the Holder Optional Conversion ). We will settle any Holder Optional Conversion by paying or delivering, as the case may be, (A) any portion of the Settlement Amount (as defined below) that we elect to pay in cash and (B) a number of shares of our common stock at a conversion rate equal to (1) (a) the Settlement Amount, minus (b) any portion of the Settlement Amount that we elect to pay in cash, divided by (2) the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of shares of our common stock over each of the five consecutive trading days ending on the Holder Conversion Exercise Date (such arithmetic average, the 5-day VWAP ). For the Series A1 Preferred Stock, the Series A3 Preferred Stock, the Series AA1 Preferred Stock, the Series AA2 Preferred Stock and the Series A2 Preferred Stock, Settlement Amount means (A) 25.00 per share (the Stated Value ), plus (B) unpaid dividends accrued to, but not including, the Holder Conversion Exercise Date, minus (C) the applicable Holder Optional Conversion Fee for the respective Holder 
 115 

116 

shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a total cost of approximately , including fees and commissions paid to the broker, representing an average repurchase price of per share. The difference in the consideration transferred and the net carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock repurchased, which was 900, resulted in a gain applicable to common stock holders of approximately during the year ended June 30, 2023. The repurchased shares reverted to authorized but unissued shares of Series A Preferred Stock and thus the Company holds no treasury stock. 
 Subject to certain limited exceptions allowing earlier redemption, at any time after the close of business on July 19, 2026 (any such date, an Optional Redemption Date ), at our sole option, we may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in whole or, from time to time, in part, out of funds legally available for such redemption, at a price per share equal to the liquidation preference of 25.00 per share, plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends on such shares (whether or not earned or declared, but excluding interest thereon) accumulated up to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. We may also redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at any time, in whole or, from time to time, in part, including prior to the Optional Redemption Date, pro rata, based on liquidation preference, with all other series of our then outstanding preferred stock, in the event that our Board determines to redeem any series of our preferred stock, in whole or, from time to time, in part, because such redemption is deemed necessary by the Board to comply with the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act or for us to maintain RIC status. 
 In the event of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below), we may, at our option, exercise our special optional redemption right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred by paying the liquidation preference, plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends on such shares (whether or not earned or declared, but excluding interest thereon) accumulated up to, but excluding, the date fixed for such redemption. To the extent that we exercise our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise the conversion right described below in respect of their shares called for redemption. 
 Except to the extent that we have elected to exercise our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right by providing notice of redemption prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of our shares of common stock per Series A Preferred Stock to be converted equal to the lesser of: 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the Liquidation Preference per share plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not earned or declared, but excluding interest thereon) accumulated up to, but excluding, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a Record Date for a Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as defined below); and 
 6.03865, subject to certain adjustments, 
 subject, in each case, to provisions for the receipt of alternative consideration upon conversion as described in the applicable prospectus supplement. 
 If we have provided or provide a redemption notice with respect to some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of any Series A Preferred Stock that we have called for redemption will not be permitted to exercise their Change of Control Conversion Right in respect of any of their Series A Preferred Stock that have been called for redemption, and any Series A Preferred Stock subsequently called for redemption that have been tendered for conversion will be redeemed on the applicable date of redemption instead of converted on the Change of Control Conversion Date. 
 For purposes of the foregoing discussion of a redemption upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, the following definitions are applicable: 
 Change of Control Triggering Event means the occurrence of any of the following: 
 the direct or indirect sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or other disposition (other than by way of merger or consolidation and other than an Excluded Transaction) in one or a series of related transactions, of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Controlled Subsidiaries taken as a whole to any person or group (as those terms are used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) (other than to any Permitted Holders); provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, a pledge of assets pursuant to any of our secured debt instruments or the secured debt instruments of our Controlled Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be any such sale, lease, transfer, conveyance or disposition; or 
 117 

We determined the estimated value as of June 30, 2023 of our 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock, with a 25.00 stated value per share. We engaged a third-party valuation service to assist in our determination based on the calculation resulting from the total equity on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
 118 

Our common stockholders equity accounts as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 reflect cumulative shares issued, net of shares repurchased, as of those respective dates. Our common stock has been issued through public offerings, a registered direct offering, the exercise of over-allotment options on the part of the underwriters, our dividend reinvestment plan and in connection with the acquisition of certain controlled portfolio companies and in connection with our 5.50 and 6.50 Preferred Stock Holder Optional Conversion and Optional Redemption Following Death of a Holder. When our common stock is issued, the related offering expenses have been charged against paid-in capital in excess of par. All underwriting fees and offering expenses were borne by us. 
 We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock for the year ended June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2023, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program is 65,860. 
 On June 9, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, our stockholders authorized us to sell shares of our common stock (during the next 12 months) at a price or prices below our net asset value per share at the time of sale in one or more offerings, subject to certain conditions as set forth in the proxy statement relating to the special meeting (including that the number of shares sold on any given date does not exceed 25 of its outstanding common stock immediately prior to such sale). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 On August 29, 2023, we announced the declaration of monthly dividends for our 5.50 Preferred Stock for holders of record on the following dates based on an annual rate equal to 5.50 of the Stated Value of 25.00 per share as set forth in the Articles Supplementary for the Preferred Stock, from the date of issuance or, if later from the most recent dividend payment date (the first business day of the month, with no additional dividend accruing in July as a result), as follows: 
 Monthly Cash 5.50 Preferred Shareholder Distribution Record Date Payment Date Monthly Amount per share), before pro ration for partial periods September 2023 9/20/2023 10/2/2023 0.114583 October 2023 10/18/2023 11/1/2023 0.114583 November 2023 11/15/2023 12/1/2023 0.114583 
 119 

On August 29, 2023, we announced the declaration of monthly dividends for our 6.50 Preferred Stock for holders of record on the following dates based on an annual rate equal to 6.50 of the Stated Value of 25.00 per share as set forth in the Articles Supplementary for the Preferred Stock, from the date of issuance or, if later from the most recent dividend payment date (the first business day of the month, with no additional dividend accruing in July as a result), as follows: 
 Monthly Cash 6.50 Preferred Shareholder Distribution 
 Record Date Payment Date Monthly Amount per share), before pro ration for partial periods September 2023 9/20/2023 10/2/2023 0.135417 October 2023 10/18/2023 11/1/2023 0.135417 November 2023 11/15/2023 12/1/2023 0.135417 
 On August 29, 2023, we announced the declaration of quarterly dividends for our 5.35 Preferred Stock for holders of record on the following dates based on an annual rate equal to 5.35 of the Stated Value of 25.00 per share as set forth in the Articles Supplementary for the 5.35 Preferred Stock, from the date of issuance or, if later from the most recent dividend payment date, as follows: 
 Quarterly Cash 5.35 Preferred Shareholder Distribution Record Date Payment Date Amount per share) August 2023 - October 2023 10/18/2023 11/1/2023 0.334375 
 On August 29, 2023, we announced the declaration of monthly dividends on our common stock as follows: 
 Monthly Cash Common Shareholder Distribution Record Date Payment Date Amount per share) September 2023 9/27/2023 10/19/2023 0.0600 October 2023 10/27/2023 11/20/2023 0.0600 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We prepare our Financial Statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In applying many of these accounting principles, we make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. We base our estimates on historical experience and other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Changes in the economic environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates could cause actual results to differ materially. These estimates, however, are subjective and subject to change, and actual results may differ materially from our current estimates due to the inherent nature of these estimates. 
 Our critical accounting estimates, including those relating to the valuation of our investment portfolio, are described below. The critical accounting estimates should be read in conjunction with our risk factors as disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for more information on how fair value of our investment portfolio is determined, and Note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the inputs and assumptions used to measure fair value of our investment portfolio. 
 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 To value our investments, we follow the guidance of ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), that defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in conformity with GAAP, and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. In accordance with ASC 820, the fair value of our investments is defined as the price that we would receive upon selling an investment in an orderly transaction to an independent buyer in the principal or most advantageous market in which that investment is transacted. 
 
 ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchy: 
 
 Level 1: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. 
 Level 2: Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other observable inputs other than quoted prices. 
 Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. 
 120 

In all cases, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement in its entirety falls has been determined based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to each investment. All of our investments carried at fair value are classified as Level 2 or Level 3 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, with a significant portion of our investments classified as Level 3. 
 
 Investments 
 We determine the fair value of our investments on a quarterly basis, with changes in fair value reflected as a net change in unrealized gains (losses) from investments in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 The Company applies the SEC s Rule 2a-5 in determining fair value of its investments. Rule 2a-5 establishes a consistent, principles-based framework for boards of directors to use in creating their own specific processes in order to determine fair values in good faith. 
 Investments for which market quotations are readily available must be valued at such market quotations. In order to validate market quotations, management and the independent valuation firm look at a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and nature of the quotations. In determining the range of values for debt instruments where market quotations are not readily available, we perform a multiple step valuation process with our investment professionals alongside our independent valuation firms. The independent valuation firms prepare valuations for each investment which are presented by the independent valuation firms to the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. The Audit Committee makes a recommendation to the Board of Directors of the value for each investment and the Board of Directors approves the values with the input of the Investment Adviser. 
 Management and the independent valuation firm may consider various factors in determining the fair value of our investments. One prominent factor is the enterprise value of a portfolio company determined by applying a market approach such as using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples, net income and/or book value multiples for similar guideline public companies and/or similar recent investment transactions and/or an income approach, such as the discounted cash flow technique. If relevant, management and the independent valuation firms will consider the pricing indicated by external events such as a purchase or sale transaction to corroborate the valuation. 
 Changes in market yields, discount rates, capitalization rates or EBITDA multiples, each in isolation, may change the fair value measurement of certain of our investments. Generally, an increase in market yields, discount rates or capitalization rates, or a decrease in EBITDA (or other) multiples may result in a decrease in the fair value measurement of certain of our investments. 
 Our investments that are classified as Level 3 are primarily valued utilizing a discounted cash flow, enterprise value EV waterfall, or asset recovery analysis. The discounted cash flow converts future cash flows or earnings to a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived utilizing an appropriate discount rate. The fair value measurement is based on the net present value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. Under the EV waterfall, the EV of a portfolio company is first determined and allocated over the portfolio company s securities in order of their preference relative to one another (i.e., waterfall allocation). To determine the EV, we typically use a market (multiples) valuation approach that considers relevant and applicable market trading data of guideline public companies, transaction metrics from precedent merger and acquisitions transactions, and/or a discounted cash flow . The asset recovery analysis is intended to approximate the net recovery value of an investment based on, among other things, assumptions regarding liquidation proceeds based on a hypothetical liquidation of a portfolio company s assets. 
 In determining the range of values for our investments in CLOs, the independent valuation firm uses a discounted multi-path cash flow model. Various risk factors are sensitized in the multi-path cash flow model using Monte Carlo simulations to generate probability-weighted (i.e., multi-path) cash flows for the underlying assets and liabilities. These cash flows are discounted using appropriate market discount rates, and relevant data in the CLO market and certain benchmark credit indices are considered, to determine the value of each CLO investment. 
 At June 30, 2023, 5,192,734, 2,503,571, and 21,145 of our total investments were valued using the discounted cash flow, enterprise value waterfall, and asset recovery analysis, respectively, compared to 3,893,971, 3,602,518, and 32,205, respectively, at June 30, 2022 . 
 Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of our investments may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, the fair value of our investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and may differ materially from the values that we may ultimately realize. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other 
 121 

restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the value at which we have recorded it. 
 In addition, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investments may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the unrealized gains or losses reflected in the currently assigned valuations. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates and equity price risk. Uncertainty with respect to the economic effects of rising interest rates in response to inflation, the war in Russia and Ukraine and the ongoing geopolitical uncertainty has introduced significant volatility in the financial markets, and the effects of this volatility could materially impact our market risks, including those listed below. Concerning these risks and their potential impact on our business and our operating results, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Risks Relating to our Business. 
 Interest rate sensitivity refers to the change in our earnings that may result from changes in the level of interest rates impacting some of the loans in our portfolio which have floating interest rates. Additionally, because we fund a portion of our investments with borrowings, our net investment income is affected by the difference between the rate at which we invest and the rate at which we borrow. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, Risks Relating to Our Business Changes in interest rates may affect our cost of capital and net investment income. 
 Our debt investments may be based on floating rates or fixed rates. For our floating rate loans the rates are determined from the LIBOR, Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), EURO Interbank Offer Rate, the Federal Funds Rate or the Prime Rate. The floating interest rate loans may be subject to a SOFR floor. Our loans typically have durations of one, three or six months after which they reset to current market interest rates. As of June 30, 2023, 84.66 of the interest earning investments in our portfolio, at fair value, bore interest at floating rates. 
 We also have a revolving credit facility that is based on floating SOFR rates. Interest on borrowings under the revolving credit facility is one-month SOFR plus 205 basis points with no minimum SOFR floor and there is 1,014,703 outstanding as of June 30, 2023. The Convertible Notes, Public Notes and remaining Prospect Capital InterNotes bear interest at fixed rates. 
 On March 5, 2021, the FCA announced that (i) 24 LIBOR settings would cease to exist immediately after December 31, 2021 (all seven euro LIBOR settings; all seven Swiss franc LIBOR settings; the Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month, and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings; the overnight, 1-week, 2-month, and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings; and the 1-week and 2-month US dollar LIBOR settings); (ii) the overnight and 12-month US LIBOR settings would cease to exist after June 30, 2023; and (iii) the FCA would consult on whether the remaining nine LIBOR settings should continue to be published on a synthetic basis for a certain period using the FCA s proposed new powers that the UK government is legislating to grant to them. 
 The following table shows the approximate annual impact on net investment income of base rate changes in interest rates (considering interest rate flows for floating rate instruments, excluding our investments in Subordinated Structured Notes) to our loan portfolio and outstanding debt as of June 30, 2023, assuming no changes in our investment and borrowing structure: 
 (in thousands) Basis Point Change Increase (Decrease) in Interest Income (Increase) Decrease in Interest Expense Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income Increase (Decrease) in Net Investment Income (1) 
 Up 300 basis points 136,803 (30,441) 106,362 85,090 Up 200 basis points 89,911 (20,294) 69,617 55,694 Up 100 basis points 43,019 (10,147) 32,872 26,298 Down 100 basis points (50,665) 52,164 1,499 1,199 Down 200 basis points (97,421) 52,164 (45,257) (36,206) Down 300 basis points (137,500) 52,164 (85,336) (68,269) (1) Includes the impact of income inc entive fees. See Note 13 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on income incentive fees. 
 122 

As of June 30, 2023, one, three, and six month LIBOR were 5.22 , 5.55 and 5.76 respectively. As of June 30, 2023, one, three, and six month SOFR were 5.14 , 5.27 and 5.39 respectively. 
 We may hedge against interest rate fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates, they may also limit our ability to participate in the benefits of higher interest rates with respect to our portfolio of investments. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we did not engage in hedging activities. 
 123 

Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , NY, PCAOB ID # 
 125 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 127 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 128 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets and Temporary Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 129 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 130 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 
 131 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 168 

124 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Prospect Capital Corporation 
 New York, New York 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Prospect Capital Corporation (the Company ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and temporary equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and temporary equity, and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated September 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 by correspondence with the custodians, brokers and portfolio companies; when replies were not received, we performed other auditing procedures. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Valuation of Level 3 Investments 
 As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's consolidated investments at fair value were 7,725 million as of June 30, 2023. The Company s investment portfolio is primarily comprised of privately held equity and debt instruments in portfolio companies, collateralized loan obligations CLO and real estate properties, substantially all of which have been classified as level 3 investments in the fair value hierarchy. The Company s determination of fair value for these level 3 investments involves valuation techniques as described in Notes 2 and 3 and requires management to make judgments on the utilization of inputs that are unobservable and significant to the entire fair value measurement. The fair value of investments in equity and debt instruments is determined on a quarterly basis by the Board of Directors based on input from management, the Audit Committee and third-party valuation firms. The third-party valuation firms prepare independent valuations with a range of values or a point estimate for each investment based on their independent assessments. 
 
 125 

We identified the valuation of level 3 investments as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination are the use of valuation approaches, including complex techniques to value these investments and the use of significant unobservable inputs, which are inherently uncertain and subjective, including revenue; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization EBITDA ), tangible book value multiples, discount rates and market yields for portfolio companies, discount rates for CLOs, and terminal capitalization rates and discount rates for real estate properties. Performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s assumptions involved a high degree of auditor judgment and specialized skills and knowledge needed. 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of level 3 investments for certain non-control portfolio companies where we relied on controls 
 Utilizing personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of management s fair value estimates and performing the following procedures for a selection of investments: 
 assessing the appropriateness of valuation approaches, such as the market or income approach for portfolio companies, including discounted cash flow techniques for portfolio companies, CLOs, and real estate properties; 
 evaluating whether significant unobservable inputs used were reasonable including (a) historical or forecasted revenue, EBITDA or tangible book value multiples, discount rates, and market yields for portfolio companies, (b) discount rates for CLOs, and (c) terminal capitalization rates and discount rates for real estate properties; 
 recalculating the fair value estimates for portfolio companies and real estate properties, including testing the completeness and accuracy of key data used in the valuations; and 
 performing independent fair value calculations for CLOs from independently derived assumptions. 

/s/ BDO USA, P.C. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2005. New York, New York September 8, 2023 
 
 126 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Assets Investments at fair value: Control investments (amortized cost of a nd , respectively) 
 Affiliate investmen ts (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Non-control/non-affiliate invest ments (amortized cost of and , respectively) 
 Total investments at fair value (amortized cost of and , respectively)(Note 3) 
 Cash an d cash equivalents (restricted cash of and , respectively) 
 Receivables for: Interest, net Other Deferred financing costs on Revolving Credit Facility (Note 4) Due from broker Prepaid expenses Due from Affiliate (Note 13) Total Assets 
 Liabilities 
 Revolving Credit Facility (Notes 4 and 8) Public Notes (less unamortized discount and debt issuance costs of and , 
 respectively) (Notes 6 and 8) 
 Prospect Capital InterNotes (less unamortized debt issuance costs of and , 
 respectively) (Notes 7 and 8) 
 Convertible Notes (less unamortized debt issuance costs of and , respectively) (Notes 5 and 8) 
 Due to Prospect Capital Management (Note 13) Dividends payable Interest payable Accrued expenses Due to broker Due to Prospect Administration (Note 13) Due to Affiliate (Note 13) Other liabilities Total Liabilities 
 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 3) Preferred Stock, par value per share and shares of preferred stock authorized, with and as Series A1, and as Series M1, and as Series M2, and as Series AA1, and as Series MM1, and as Series A2, and as Series A, and as Series A3, and as Series M3, and as Series AA2, and and as Series MM2, each as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022; and Series A1 shares issued and outstanding; and Series M1 shares issued and outstanding; and Series M2 shares issued and outstanding; and Series AA1 shares issued and outstanding; and Series MM1 shares issued and outstanding; and Series A2 shares issued and outstanding; and Series A shares issued and outstanding; and Series A3 shares issued and outstanding; and Series M3 shares issued and outstanding; and Series AA2 shares issued and outstanding; and and Series MM2 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively) at carrying value plus cumulative accrued and unpaid dividends (Note 9) 
 Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares Components of Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares and Net Assets, respectively Common stock, par value per share and common shares authorized; and issued and outstanding, respectively) (Note 9) 
 Paid-in capital in excess of par (Note 9 and 12) Total distributable (loss) earnings (Note 12) ) Net Assets Applicable to Common Shares Net Asset Value Per Common Share (Note 16) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 127 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Investment Income Interest income: Control investments Affiliate investments Non-control/non-affiliate investments Structured credit securities Total interest income Dividend income: Control investments Affiliate investments Non-control/non-affiliate investments Total dividend income Other income: Control investments Affiliate investments Non-control/non-affiliate investments Total other income (Note 10) Total Investment Income Operating Expenses Base management fee (Note 13) Income incentive fee (Note 13) Interest and credit facility expenses Allocation of overhead from Prospect Administration (Note 13) Audit, compliance and tax related fees Directors fees Other general and administrative expenses Total Operating Expenses Net Investment Income Net Realized and Net Change in Unrealized (Losses) Gains from Investments Net realized (losses) gains Control investments ) Affiliate investments Non-control/non-affiliate investments ) ) Net realized (losses) gains ) ) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains Control investments ) Affiliate investments ) ) Non-control/non-affiliate investments ) ) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains ) Net Realized and Net Change in Unrealized (Losses) Gains from Investments ) Net realized losses on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Net (Decrease) Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations ) Preferred stock dividends ) ) ) Gain on repurchase of preferred stock Net (Decrease) Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations applicable to Common Stockholders ) Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share (Note 11) Basic ) Diluted ) Weighted-average shares of common stock outstanding (Note 11) Basic Diluted 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 128 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS AND TEMPORARY EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Preferred Stock Classified as Temporary Equity Preferred Stock Common Stock Shares Carrying Value Liquidation Value Shares Par Paid-in capital in excess of par Distributable earnings (loss) Total Net Assets Balance as of June 30, 2020 ) Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: Net investment income Net realized losses ) ) Net change in net unrealized gains Distributions to Stockholders (1): Distributions from earnings (Note 12) ) ) Return of capital to common stockholders (Note 12) ) ) Capital Transactions Issuance of preferred stock ) Conversion of preferred stock to common stock ) Value of shares issued through reinvestment of dividends Tax reclassifications of net assets (Note 12) ) Total increase for the year ended June 30, 2021 Balance as of June 30, 2021 ) Net Increase in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: Net investment income Net realized losses ) ) Net change in net unrealized gains Distributions to Stockholders(1): Distributions from earnings (Note 12) ) ) Return of capital to common stockholders (Note 12) ) ) Capital Transactions Transfer of preferred stock to temporary equity(2) ) ) Transfer of preferred stock issuance costs to temporary equity(3) ) Issuance of preferred stock ) ) Value of shares issued through reinvestment of dividends Conversion of preferred stock to common stock ) ) Net increase in preferred dividend accrual Tax reclassifications of net assets (Note 12) ) Total (decrease) increase for the year ended June 30, 2022 ) Balance as of June 30, 2022 Net Decrease in Net Assets Resulting from Operations: Net investment income Net realized losses ) ) Net change in net unrealized gains ) ) Distributions to Stockholders(1): Distributions from earnings (Note 12) ) ) Capital Transactions Issuance of preferred stock Repurchase of preferred stock ) ) Value of shares issued through reinvestment of dividends Conversion of preferred stock to common stock ) ) Conversion of Convertible Notes to common stock Net decrease in preferred dividend accrual ) Tax reclassifications of net assets (Note 12) ) Total (decrease) increase for the year ended June 30, 2023 ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) Series A Preferred Stock issuance transferred to temporary equity. Refer to Note 9 within the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion. 
 (3) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 129 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash used in operating activities: Net realized losses on extinguishment of debt Net realized losses (gains) on investments ) Net change in unrealized losses (gains) on investments ) ) Amortization of discounts (accretion of premiums), net ) Accretion of original issue discount Amortization of deferred financing costs Payment-in-kind interest ) ) ) Structuring fees ) ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Payments for purchases of investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investments and collection of investment principal (Increase) decrease in due from broker ) ) (Increase) in interest receivable, net ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other receivables ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses ) ) Increase in due from affiliate ) Increase (decrease) in due to broker ) Increase in due to Prospect Capital Management Increase (decrease) in accrued expenses ) Decrease in interest payable ) ) ) Increase in due to affiliates Increase (decrease) in due to Prospect Administration ) ) Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net Cash Used In Operating Activities ) ) Financing Activities Borrowings under Revolving Credit Facility (Note 4) Principal payments under Revolving Credit Facility (Note 4) ) ) ) Issuances of Public Notes, net of original issue discount (Note 6) Redemptions of Public Notes (Note 6) ) ) ) Redemptions of Convertible Notes, net (Note 5) ) ) ) Issuances of Prospect Capital InterNotes (Note 7) Redemptions of Prospect Capital InterNotes , net (Note 7) ) ) ) Financing costs paid and deferred ) ) ) Repurchase of Preferred Stock ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net of underwriting costs Offering costs from issuance of preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends paid and distributions to stockholders ) ) ) Net Cash Provided (Used in) by Financing Activities ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash ) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at beginning of period Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of Period Supplemental Disclosures Cash paid for interest Non-Cash Financing Activities Value of shares issued through reinvestment of dividends 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 130 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Control Investments (greater than 25.00 voting control)(40) CP Energy Services Inc. (20) Energy Equipment Services First Lien Term Loan 10/1/2017 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/4/2027 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan 4/5/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/4/2027 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan 1/6/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 4/4/2027 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan A to Spartan Energy Services, LLC 10/20/2014 PIK (1M SOFR+ 
 12/31/2025 (10)(39) Series A Preferred Units to Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc. shares) 
 9/25/2020 
 N/A (16) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shares) 
 10/30/2015 
 N/A (16) Common Stock shares) 
 8/2/2013 N/A (16) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC (21) Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan 12/28/2012 plus PIK 
 6/30/2025 (14)(39) Class A Units units) 
 12/28/2012 N/A (14)(16) Preferred Class P Shares units) 
 7/1/2022 N/A (14)(16) Net Revenues Interest of Net Revenues) 
 1/28/2015 N/A (14)(16) Echelon Transportation, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan 3/31/2014 (1ML+ 
 3/31/2026 (10)(39) Membership Interest( 
 3/31/2014 N/A (16) Preferred Units( shares) 
 1/31/2022 N/A (16) First Tower Finance Company LLC (23) Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan to First Tower, LLC 6/24/2014 plus PIK 
 2/18/2025 (14)(39) Class A Units units) 
 6/14/2012 N/A (14)(16) Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC (24) Energy Equipment Services Membership Interest 
 11/9/2006 N/A (16) InterDent, Inc. Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan A/B 8/1/2018 (1M SOFR+ 
 9/5/2025 (3) (10) First Lien Term Loan A 8/3/2012 (1M SOFR+ 
 9/5/2025 (3) (10) First Lien Term Loan B 8/3/2012 PIK 
 9/5/2025 (39) Common Stock shares) 
 5/3/2019 N/A (16) Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort Diversified Consumer Services Membership Interest 
 8/26/2019 N/A MITY, Inc. (25) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan A 9/19/2013 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/30/2025 (3) (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan B 6/23/2014 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 4/30/2025 (10)(39) Unsecured Note to Broda Enterprises ULC 9/19/2013 
 1/1/2028 (14) Common Stock shares) 
 9/19/2013 N/A (16) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 131 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Control Investments (greater than 25.00 voting control)(40) National Property REIT Corp. (26) Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) / Online Lending / Structured Finance First Lien Term Loan A 12/31/2018 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan B 12/31/2018 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan C 10/31/2019 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan D 6/19/2020 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan E 11/14/2022 (3M SOFR + plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) Residual Profit Interest 12/31/2018 N/A (35) Common Stock shares) 
 12/31/2013 N/A (16)(45) Nationwide Loan Company LLC (27) Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan 6/18/2014 plus PIK 
 6/18/2024 (14)(39) Class A Units units) 
 1/31/2013 N/A (14)(16) NMMB, Inc. (28) Media First Lien Term Loan 12/30/2019 (3M SOFR+ 
 3/31/2027 (3) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 12/30/2019 N/A Pacific World Corporation (36) Personal Products First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 9/26/2014 PIK (1M SOFR+ 
 9/26/2025 (10)(15)(39) First Lien Term Loan A 12/31/2014 PIK (1M SOFR+ 
 9/26/2025 (10)(39) Convertible Preferred Equity shares) 
 6/15/2018 PIK 
 N/A (16) Common Stock shares) 
 9/29/2017 N/A (16) R-V Industries, Inc. Machinery First Lien Term Loan 12/15/2020 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/15/2028 (3) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 6/26/2007 N/A (16) Universal Turbine Parts, LLC (34) Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 2/28/2019 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/5/2025 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan A 7/22/2016 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/5/2025 (3) (10) Preferred Units units) 
 3/31/2021 N/A (16) Common Stock units) 
 12/10/2018 N/A (16) USES Corp. (30) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 12/30/2020 (1M SOFR + 
 7/29/2024 (10) First Lien Equipment Term Loan 8/3/2022 (1M SOFR + 
 7/29/2024 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan A 3/31/2014 PIK 
 7/29/2024 (9) First Lien Term Loan B 3/31/2014 PIK 
 7/29/2024 (9) Common Stock shares) 
 6/15/2016 N/A (16) Valley Electric Company, Inc. (31) Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan to Valley Electric Co. of Mt. Vernon, Inc. 12/31/2012 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2024 (3) (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan 6/24/2014 plus PIK 
 4/30/2028 (3) (39) First Lien Term Loan B 3/28/2022 plus PIK 
 4/30/2028 (3) (39) Consolidated Revenue Interest 
 6/22/2018 N/A (12) Common Stock shares) 
 12/31/2012 N/A Total Control Investments 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 132 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Affiliate Investments (5.00 to 24.99 voting control)(41) Nixon, Inc. (32) Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Common Stock units) 
 5/12/2017 N/A (16) RGIS Services, LLC Commercial Services Supplies Membership Interest 
 6/25/2020 N/A Total Affiliate Investments 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 133 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. Food Products Second Lien Term Loan 9/21/2018 (1M SOFR+ 
 10/1/2026 (8)(10) ABG Intermediate Holdings 2 LLC Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Second Lien Term Loan 12/20/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 12/20/2029 (3)(8)(10) Apidos CLO XI Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 12/6/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/17/2034 (5) (14) Apidos CLO XII Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 3/15/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/15/2031 (5) (14) Apidos CLO XV Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/13/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/21/2031 (5) (14) Apidos CLO XXII Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/16/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/21/2031 (5) (14) Atlantis Health Care Group (Puerto Rico), Inc. Health Care Providers Services First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 2/21/2013 (3M SOFR+ 
 5/15/2024 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 2/21/2013 (3M SOFR+ 
 5/15/2024 (3) (10) Aventiv Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.) Communications Equipment First Lien Term Loan 8/2/2019 (6ML+ 
 11/1/2024 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 6/20/2017 (6ML+ 
 11/1/2025 (3)(8)(10) Barings CLO 2018-III Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 10/9/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/20/2029 (5) (14)(17) Barracuda Parent, LLC IT Services Second Lien Term Loan 8/15/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 8/15/2030 (8)(10) BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. Food Products Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 6/7/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/11/2029 (8)(10)(15) Second Lien Term Loan 6/7/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/11/2029 (3)(8)(10) BCPE Osprey Buyer, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 10/18/2021 (1ML+ 
 8/21/2026 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 
 10/18/2021 (3ML+ 
 8/23/2028 (8)(10) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 10/18/2021 (3ML+ 
 8/23/2028 (8)(10)(15) Belnick, LLC (d/b/a The Ubique Group) Household Durables First Lien Term Loan 1/20/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 1/20/2027 (3) (10) Boostability Parent, Inc. (f/k/a SEOTownCenter, Inc.) IT Services First Lien Term Loan 1/31/2022 (3M SOFR + 
 1/31/2027 (3) (10) Broder Bros., Co. Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods First Lien Term Loan 12/4/2017 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/4/2025 (3) (10) Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation Automobile Components Second Lien Term Loan 7/25/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 7/25/2030 (3)(8)(10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 134 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) California Street CLO IX Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/19/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/16/2032 (5) (14) Capstone Logistics Acquisition, Inc. Commercial Services Supplies Second Lien Term Loan 11/12/2020 (1M SOFR+ 
 11/13/2028 (3)(8)(10) Carlyle C17 CLO Limited Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 1/24/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/30/2031 (5) (14) Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2014-4-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/7/2017 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/15/2030 (5) (14) Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2016-3, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/9/2016 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/20/2034 (5) (14) Cent CLO 21 Limited Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/15/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/29/2030 (5) (14)(17) CIFC Funding 2013-III-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/2/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/24/2031 (5) (14) CIFC Funding 2013-IV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 10/22/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/28/2031 (5) (14) CIFC Funding 2014-IV-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/5/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/17/2030 (5) (14) CIFC Funding 2016-I, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 12/9/2016 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/21/2031 (5) (14) Collections Acquisition Company, Inc. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan 12/3/2019 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/3/2024 (3) (10) Columbia Cent CLO 27 Limited Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 12/18/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 1/25/2035 (5) (14) CP IRIS Holdco I, Inc. (48) Building Products Second Lien Term Loan 10/1/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 10/1/2029 (3)(8)(10) Curo Group Holdings Corp. Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan 7/30/2021 
 8/1/2028 (8)(14) DRI Holding Inc. Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 12/21/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 12/21/2028 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 12/21/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 12/21/2029 (3) (10) DTI Holdco, Inc. Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 4/26/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/26/2029 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 4/26/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 4/26/2030 (3)(8)(10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 135 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Dukes Root Control Inc. Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 12/8/2022 (6M SOFR + 
 12/8/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 12/8/2022 (3M SOFR + 
 12/8/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 12/8/2022 (6M SOFR + 
 12/8/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 12/8/2022 (6M SOFR + 
 12/8/2028 (3)(8)(10) Easy Gardener Products, Inc. Household Durables Class A Units of EZG Holdings, LLC units) 
 6/11/2020 N/A (16) Class B Units of EZG Holdings, LLC( units) 
 6/11/2020 N/A (16) Engine Group, Inc. (7) Media First Lien Term Loan 11/17/2020 (PRIME+ 
 11/17/2023 (8)(9)(10) Class B Common Units( units) 
 11/17/2020 N/A (8)(16) Engineered Machinery Holdings, Inc. Machinery Incremental Amendment No. 2 Second Lien Term Loan 5/6/2021 (3ML+ 
 7/18/2025 (3)(8)(10) Incremental Amendment No. 3 Second Lien Term Loan 8/6/2021 (3ML+ 
 5/21/2029 (3)(8)(10) Enseo Acquisition, Inc. IT Services First Lien Term Loan 6/2/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/2/2026 (3) (10) Eze Castle Integration, Inc. IT Services First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 7/15/2020 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 7/15/2025 (10)(15)(39) First Lien Term Loan 7/15/2020 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 7/15/2025 (3) (10)(39) Faraday Buyer, LLC Electrical Equipment First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 10/11/2022 (6M SOFR + 
 10/11/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 10/11/2022 (6M SOFR + 
 10/11/2028 (3)(8)(10) First Brands Group Automobile Components First Lien Term Loan 3/24/2021 (6M SOFR+ 
 3/30/2027 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 3/24/2021 (6ML+ 
 3/30/2028 (3)(8)(10) Forta, LLC (f/k/a Help/Systems Holdings, Inc.) Software Second Lien Term Loan 11/14/2019 (1M SOFR+ 
 11/19/2027 (3)(8)(10) Galaxy XV CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 2/13/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/15/2030 (5) (14) Galaxy XXVII CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/30/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 5/16/2031 (5) (14) Galaxy XXVIII CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/30/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/15/2031 (5) (14) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2012-1 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/7/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 8/15/2023 (5) (14)(17) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2014-2 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/14/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/28/2025 (5) (14)(17) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 136 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2015-3 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 7/23/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/18/2027 (5) (14)(17) HarbourView CLO VII-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/5/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/18/2031 (5) (14)(17) The Hiller Companies, LLC Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 10/11/2022 (6M SOFR + 
 9/15/2028 (3)(8)(10)(49) Interventional Management Services, LLC Health Care Providers Services First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 2/22/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 2/22/2025 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 2/22/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 2/20/2026 (3) (10) Japs-Olson Company, LLC (51) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 5/25/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 5/25/2028 (3) (10) Jefferson Mill CLO Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/26/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/20/2031 (5) (14) K N HoldCo, LLC Automobile Components Class A Common Units units) 
 2/14/2023 N/A (8)(16) KM2 Solutions LLC IT Services First Lien Term Loan 12/17/2020 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/17/2025 (3) (10) LCM XIV Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/25/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/21/2031 (5) (14) LGC US FINCO, LLC Machinery First Lien Term Loan 1/17/2020 (1M SOFR+ 
 12/20/2025 (3)(8)(10) Lucky US BuyerCo LLC Professional Services First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 4/3/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 4/1/2029 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 4/3/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 4/1/2029 (3)(8)(10) MAC Discount, LLC Household Durables First Lien Term Loan 5/11/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 5/11/2028 (3) (10) Class A Senior Preferred Stock to MAC Discount Investments, LLC shares) 
 5/11/2023 
 5/11/2028 (16) Magnate Worldwide, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 3/11/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/30/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 3/11/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/30/2028 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 12/30/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/30/2029 (3)(10) Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 9/29/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 10/14/2029 (3)(8)(10) Medical Solutions Holdings, Inc. (4) Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 11/1/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 11/1/2029 (3)(8)(10) Mountain View CLO 2013-I Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/17/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/15/2030 (5) (14)(17) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 137 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Mountain View CLO IX Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/13/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/15/2031 (5) (14) Nexus Buyer LLC Capital Markets Second Lien Term Loan 11/5/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 11/5/2029 (8)(10) NH Kronos Buyer, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Term Loan 12/7/2022 (3M SOFR + 
 11/1/2028 (3)(8)(10) Octagon Investment Partners XV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 1/24/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/19/2030 (5) (14) Octagon Investment Partners 18-R Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/12/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/16/2031 (5) (14) OneTouchPoint Corp Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 2/19/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 2/19/2026 (3) (10) PeopleConnect Holdings, LLC (11) Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan 1/22/2020 (3M SOFR+ 
 1/22/2025 (3) (10) PetVet Care Centers, LLC (f/k/a Pearl Intermediate Parent LLC) Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 2/1/2018 (1ML+ 
 2/15/2026 (3)(8)(10) PGX Holdings, Inc. (6) Diversified Consumer Services First Lien Term Loan 7/21/2021 (1M SOFR + 
 7/21/2026 (8)(9)(10) First Lien DIP Term Loan 5/31/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 7/21/2026 (8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 7/21/2021 PIK 
 7/27/2027 (9)(39) Class B of PGX TopCo LLC Non-Voting Units) 
 5/27/2020 N/A (16) PlayPower, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan 5/7/2019 (3M SOFR+ 
 5/10/2026 (3)(8)(10) Precisely Software Incorporated (f/k/a Vision Solutions, Inc.) (29) IT Services Second Lien Term Loan 4/23/2021 (3ML+ 
 4/23/2029 (3)(8)(10) Preventics, Inc. (d/b/a Legere Pharmaceuticals) (46) Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan 11/12/2021 (3ML+ 
 11/12/2026 (3) (10) Series A Convertible Preferred Stock units) 
 11/12/2021 
 N/A (16) Series C Convertible Preferred Stock units) 
 11/12/2021 
 N/A (16) Raisin Acquisition Co, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 6/17/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/13/2026 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 6/17/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/13/2026 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 6/17/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/13/2026 (3)(8)(10) RC Buyer, Inc. Automobile Components Second Lien Term Loan 7/26/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 7/30/2029 (3)(8)(10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 138 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Reception Purchaser, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Term Loan 4/28/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 3/24/2028 (3)(8)(10) Redstone Holdco 2 LP (22) IT Services Second Lien Term Loan 4/16/2021 (3ML+ 
 4/27/2029 (3)(8)(10) Research Now Group, LLC (f/k/a Research Now Group, Inc.) and Dynata, LLC (f/k/a Survey Sampling International, LLC) Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 12/8/2017 (3ML+ 
 12/20/2024 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 12/8/2017 (3ML+ 
 12/20/2025 (3)(8)(10) Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. Diversified Consumer Services First Lien Term Loan 3/23/2023 PIK (3M SOFR+ 
 6/1/2029 (8)(10)(39)(50) Second Lien Term Loan 3/23/2023 PIK (3M SOFR + 
 6/1/2029 (8)(9)(10) The RK Logistics Group, Inc. Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 3/24/2022 (3ML+ 
 3/24/2027 (3) (10) Class A Common Units( units) 
 3/24/2022 N/A (16) Class B Common Units( units) 
 3/24/2022 N/A (16) RME Group Holding Company Media First Lien Term Loan A 5/4/2017 (3M SOFR+ 
 5/6/2024 (3) (10) First Lien Term Loan B 5/4/2017 (3M SOFR+ 
 5/6/2024 (3) (10) Romark WM-R Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/11/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/21/2031 (5) (14) Rosa Mexicano Hotels, Restaurants Leisure First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 3/29/2018 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/13/2024 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 3/29/2018 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/13/2024 (10) Shearer s Foods, LLC Food Products Second Lien Term Loan 9/15/2020 (1M SOFR+ 
 9/23/2028 (3)(8)(10) ShiftKey, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 6/21/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/21/2027 (3) (10) Shutterfly Finance, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail First Lien Term Loan 6/5/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 10/1/2027 (8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 6/6/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 10/1/2027 (8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 6/6/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 10/1/2027 (8)(10) Sorenson Communications, LLC Diversified Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan 3/12/2021 (1ML+ 
 3/17/2026 (3)(8)(10) Southern Veterinary Partners Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 10/2/2020 (1M SOFR+ 
 10/5/2028 (3)(8)(10) Spectrum Holdings III Corp Health Care Equipment Supplies Second Lien Term Loan 1/26/2018 (6ML+ 
 1/31/2026 (8)(10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 139 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Spectrum Vision Holdings, LLC Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan 5/2/2023 (3M SOFR + 
 11/17/2024 (3)(8)(10) Staples, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan 11/18/2019 (3ML+ 
 4/16/2026 (3)(8)(10)(47) Strategic Materials Holding Corp. Household Durables Second Lien Term Loan 10/27/2017 (3M SOFR+ 
 11/1/2025 (8)(10) Stryker Energy, LLC Energy Equipment Services Overriding Royalty Interest 12/4/2006 N/A (13) Symphony CLO XIV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/6/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/14/2026 (5) (14)(17)(52) Symphony CLO XV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 10/17/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 1/19/2032 (5) (14) Town Country Holdings, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan 1/26/2018 PIK 
 2/27/2026 (39) First Lien Term Loan 11/17/2022 PIK 
 2/27/2026 (39) Class W Interests of Town Country Housewares Group, LP( Non-Voting Interests) 
 8/31/2022 
 N/A (16) Class B of Town Country TopCo LLC Non-Voting Units) 
 11/17/2022 N/A (16) TPS, LLC Machinery First Lien Term Loan 11/30/2020 (3M SOFR+ plus PIK 
 11/30/2025 (3) (10)(39) United Sporting Companies, Inc. (18) Distributors Second Lien Term Loan 9/28/2012 (1ML+ plus PIK 
 11/16/2019 (9)(10) Upstream Newco, Inc. Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 11/20/2019 (3M SOFR+ 
 11/20/2027 (3)(8)(10) USG Intermediate, LLC Leisure Products First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 4/15/2015 (1M SOFR+ 
 2/9/2028 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan B 4/15/2015 (1M SOFR+ 
 2/9/2028 (3) (10) Equity 4/15/2015 N/A (16) VC GB Holdings I Corp Household Durables Second Lien Term Loan 6/30/2021 (3ML+ 
 7/23/2029 (3)(8)(10) ViaPath Technologies. (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) Diversified Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan 8/7/2019 (1M SOFR+ 
 11/29/2025 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 11/20/2018 (1M SOFR+ 
 11/29/2026 (3)(8)(10) Victor Technology, LLC Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 12/3/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 12/3/2028 (3) (10) Voya CLO 2012-4, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 11/5/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/15/2030 (5) (14)(17) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 140 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

 June 30, 2023 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(37) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Voya CLO 2014-1, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 2/5/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/18/2031 (5) (14) Voya CLO 2016-3, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/30/2016 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/20/2031 (5) (14) Voya CLO 2017-3, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/13/2017 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/20/2034 (5) (14) VT Topco, Inc. Commercial Services Supplies Second Lien Term Loan 8/14/2018 (1M SOFR+ 
 8/17/2026 (3)(8)(10) 2021 Second Lien Term Loan 7/30/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 8/17/2026 (3)(8)(10) WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. IT Services First Lien Term Loan 8/17/2022 (6M SOFR+ 
 6/30/2029 (3)(8)(10) Wellful Inc. (f/k/a KNS Acquisition Corp.) Food Staples Retailing First Lien Term Loan 5/26/2022 (1M SOFR+ 
 4/21/2027 (3)(8)(10) Incremental First Lien Term Loan 7/21/2022 (1M SOFR+ 
 4/21/2027 (3)(8)(10) Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc.) Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan 5/13/2019 (3ML+ 
 10/1/2025 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 9/25/2018 (3ML+ 
 10/1/2026 (3)(8)(10) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Total Portfolio Investments 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 141 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Control Investments (greater than 25.00 voting control)(42) CP Energy Services Inc. (20) Energy Equipment Services First Lien Term Loan 10/1/2017 (3ML+ 
 4/4/2027 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan 4/5/2022 (3ML+ 
 4/4/2027 (10) First Lien Term Loan A to Spartan Energy Services, LLC 10/20/2014 (1ML+ 
 12/31/2022 (10)(39) Series A Preferred Units to Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc. shares) 
 9/25/2020 N/A (16) Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shares) 
 10/30/2015 N/A (16) Common Stock shares) 
 8/2/2013 N/A (16) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC (21) Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan 12/28/2012 plus PIK 
 6/30/2025 (14)(39) Class A Units units) 
 12/28/2012 N/A (14)(16) Net Revenues Interest of Net Revenues) 
 1/28/2015 N/A (14)(16) Echelon Transportation, LLC Aerospace Defense First Lien Term Loan 3/31/2014 (1ML+ 
 3/31/2024 (10) Membership Interest 
 3/31/2014 N/A (16) Preferred Units shares) 
 1/31/2022 N/A (16) First Tower Finance Company LLC (23) Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan to First Tower, LLC 6/24/2014 plus PIK 
 2/18/2025 (14)(39) Class A Units units) 
 6/14/2012 N/A (14)(16) Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC (24) Energy Equipment Services Membership Interest 
 11/9/2006 N/A (16) InterDent, Inc. Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan A/B 8/1/2018 (1ML+ 
 9/5/2025 (10) First Lien Term Loan A 8/3/2012 (1ML+ 
 9/5/2025 (3) (10) First Lien Term Loan B 8/3/2012 PIK 
 9/5/2025 (39) Common Stock shares) 
 5/3/2019 N/A (16) Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort Diversified Consumer Services Membership Interest 
 8/26/2019 N/A MITY, Inc. (25) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan A 9/19/2013 (3ML+ 
 4/30/2025 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan B 6/23/2014 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 4/30/2025 (10)(39) Unsecured Note to Broda Enterprises ULC 9/19/2013 
 1/1/2028 (14) Common Stock shares) 
 9/19/2013 N/A (16) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 142 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets Control Investments (greater than 25.00 voting control)(42) National Property REIT Corp. (26) Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) / Online Lending / Structured Finance First Lien Term Loan A 12/31/2018 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan B 12/31/2018 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan C 10/31/2019 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan D 6/19/2020 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2023 (10)(39) Residual Profit Interest 12/31/2018 N/A (35) Common Stock shares) 
 12/31/2013 N/A (16)(45) Nationwide Loan Company LLC (27) Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan 6/18/2014 plus PIK 
 6/18/2022 (14)(39) Class A Units units) 
 1/31/2013 N/A (14) NMMB, Inc. (28) Media First Lien Term Loan 12/30/2019 (3ML+ 
 3/31/2027 (3) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 12/30/2019 N/A Pacific World Corporation (36) Personal Products First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 9/26/2014 PIK (1ML+ 
 9/26/2025 (10)(15)(39) First Lien Term Loan A 12/31/2014 PIK (1ML+ 
 9/26/2025 (10)(39) Convertible Preferred Equity shares) 
 6/15/2018 N/A (16) Common Stock shares) 
 9/29/2017 N/A (16) R-V Industries, Inc. Machinery First Lien Term Loan 12/15/2020 (3ML+ 
 12/15/2028 (3) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 6/26/2007 N/A Universal Turbine Parts, LLC (34) Trading Companies Distributors First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 2/28/2019 (1ML+ 
 4/5/2024 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan A 7/22/2016 (3ML+ 
 4/5/2024 (10) Preferred Units units) 
 3/31/2021 N/A (16) Common Stock units) 
 12/10/2018 N/A (16) USES Corp. (30) Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan A 3/31/2014 PIK 
 7/29/2024 (9) First Lien Term Loan B 3/31/2014 PIK 
 7/29/2024 (9) First Lien Term Loan 12/30/2020 (1ML+ 
 7/29/2024 (10) Common Stock shares) 
 6/15/2016 N/A (16) Valley Electric Company, Inc. (31) Construction Engineering First Lien Term Loan to Valley Electric Co. of Mt. Vernon, Inc. 12/31/2012 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 12/31/2024 (3) (10)(39) First Lien Term Loan 6/24/2014 plus PIK 
 6/23/2024 (39) First Lien Term Loan B 3/28/2022 plus PIK 
 6/23/2024 (39) Consolidated Revenue Interest 
 6/22/2018 N/A (12) Common Stock shares) 
 12/31/2012 N/A Total Control Investments 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 143 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Affiliate Investments (5.00 to 24.99 voting control)(43) Nixon, Inc. (32) Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Common Stock units) 
 5/12/2017 N/A (16) PGX Holdings, Inc. (6) Diversified Consumer Services First Lien Term Loan 7/21/2021 (6ML+ 
 7/21/2026 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 7/21/2021 (1ML+ 
 7/27/2027 (3) (10) Common Stock shares) 
 5/27/2020 N/A (16) RGIS Services, LLC Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 6/25/2020 (1ML+ 
 6/25/2025 (8)(10) Membership Interest 
 6/25/2020 N/A Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited (33) Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Common Stock shares) 
 2/12/2016 N/A (16) Total Affiliate Investments 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 144 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. Food Products Second Lien Term Loan 9/21/2018 (1ML+ 
 10/1/2026 (3)(8)(10) ABG Intermediate Holdings 2 LLC Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Second Lien Term Loan 12/20/2021 (1M SOFR+ 
 12/20/2029 (3)(8)(10) AmeriLife Holdings, LLC Insurance Second Lien Term Loan 3/18/2020 (1ML+ 
 3/18/2028 (3)(8)(10) Apidos CLO XI Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 12/6/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/17/2034 (5) (14) Apidos CLO XII Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 3/15/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/15/2031 (5) (14) Apidos CLO XV Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/13/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/21/2031 (5) (14) Apidos CLO XXII Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/16/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/21/2031 (5) (14) Atlantis Health Care Group (Puerto Rico), Inc. Health Care Providers Services First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 2/21/2013 (3ML+ 
 4/22/2024 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 2/21/2013 (3ML+ 
 4/22/2024 (3) (10) Aventiv Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.) Communications Equipment First Lien Term Loan 8/2/2019 (3ML+ 
 11/1/2024 (3)(8)(10)(47) Second Lien Term Loan 6/20/2017 (3ML+ 
 11/1/2025 (3)(8)(10) Barings CLO 2018-III Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 10/9/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/20/2029 (5) (14)(17) BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. Food Products Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 6/7/2021 (3ML+ 
 6/10/2023 (8)(10)(15) Second Lien Term Loan 6/7/2021 (3ML+ 
 6/11/2029 (3)(8)(10) BCPE Osprey Buyer, Inc. Health Care Technology First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 10/18/2021 (3ML+ 
 8/21/2026 (8)(10)(15) Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 10/18/2021 (3ML+ 
 8/23/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 10/18/2021 (3ML+ 
 8/23/2028 (8)(10) Belnick, LLC Household Durables First Lien Term Loan 1/20/2022 (3ML+ 
 1/20/2027 (3) (10) Broder Bros., Co. Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods First Lien Term Loan 12/4/2017 (6ML+ 
 12/4/2025 (3) (10) California Street CLO IX Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/19/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/16/2032 (5) (14) Candle-Lite Company, LLC Household Products First Lien Term Loan A 1/23/2018 (3ML+ 
 4/30/2023 (3) (10) First Lien Term Loan B 1/23/2018 (3ML+ 
 4/30/2023 (3) (10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 145 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Capstone Logistics Acquisition, Inc. Commercial Services Supplies Second Lien Term Loan 11/12/2020 (1ML+ 
 11/13/2028 (3)(8)(10) Carlyle C17 CLO Limited Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 1/24/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/30/2031 (5) (14) Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2014-4-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/7/2017 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/15/2030 (5) (14) Carlyle Global Market Strategies CLO 2016-3, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/9/2016 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/20/2034 (5) (14) Cent CLO 21 Limited Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/15/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/29/2030 (5) (14)(17) CIFC Funding 2013-III-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/2/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/24/2031 (5) (14) CIFC Funding 2013-IV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 10/22/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/28/2031 (5) (14) CIFC Funding 2014-IV-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/5/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/17/2030 (5) (14) CIFC Funding 2016-I, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 12/9/2016 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/21/2031 (5) (14) Collections Acquisition Company, Inc. Diversified Financial Services First Lien Term Loan 12/3/2019 (3ML+ 
 6/3/2024 (3) (10) Columbia Cent CLO 27 Limited Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 12/18/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/25/2028 (5) (14) CP IRIS Holdco I, Inc. (48) Building Products Second Lien Term Loan 10/1/2021 (1ML+ 
 10/1/2029 (3)(8)(10) Curo Group Holdings Corp. Consumer Finance First Lien Term Loan 7/30/2021 
 8/1/2028 (8)(14)(47) DRI Holding Inc. Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 12/21/2021 (1ML+ 
 12/21/2028 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 12/21/2021 (1ML+ 
 12/21/2029 (3) (10) DTI Holdco, Inc. Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 4/26/2022 (1M SOFR+ 
 4/26/2029 (8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 4/26/2022 (1M SOFR+ 
 4/26/2030 (8)(10) Dunn Paper, Inc. Paper Forest Products Second Lien Term Loan 8/26/2016 (3ML+ 
 8/26/2023 (8)(9)(10) Easy Gardener Products, Inc. Household Durables Class A Units of EZG Holdings, LLC units) 
 6/11/2020 N/A (16) Class B Units of EZG Holdings, LLC units) 
 6/11/2020 N/A (16) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 146 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Engine Group, Inc. (7) Media First Lien Term Loan 11/17/2020 (1ML+ 
 11/17/2023 (8)(10) Class B Common Units units) 
 11/17/2020 N/A (8)(16) Engineered Machinery Holdings, Inc. Machinery Incremental Amendment No. 2 Second Lien Term Loan 5/6/2021 (3ML+ 
 5/21/2029 (3)(8)(10) Incremental Amendment No. 3 Second Lien Term Loan 8/6/2021 (3ML+ 
 5/21/2029 (3)(8)(10) Enseo Acquisition, Inc. IT Services First Lien Term Loan 6/2/2021 (3ML+ 
 6/2/2026 (3) (10) Excelitas Technologies Corp. (f/k/a/ EXC Holdings III Corp.) Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Second Lien Term Loan 11/17/2017 (3ML+ 
 12/1/2025 (3)(8)(10) Eze Castle Integration, Inc. IT Services First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 7/15/2020 (3ML+ 
 7/15/2025 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 7/15/2020 (3ML+ 
 7/15/2025 (3) (10) First Brands Group Auto Components First Lien Term Loan 3/24/2021 (3M SOFR+ 
 3/30/2027 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 3/24/2021 (3ML+ 
 3/30/2028 (3)(8)(10) Galaxy XV CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 2/13/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/15/2030 (5) (14) Galaxy XXVII CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/30/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 5/16/2031 (5) (14) Galaxy XXVIII CLO, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/30/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/15/2031 (5) (14) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2012-1 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/7/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 8/15/2023 (5) (14)(17) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2013-1 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 3/8/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/15/2025 (5) (14)(17) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2014-1 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 2/7/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/20/2026 (5) (14)(17) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2014-2 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/14/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/28/2025 (5) (14)(17) Halcyon Loan Advisors Funding 2015-3 Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 7/23/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/18/2027 (5) (14)(17) HarbourView CLO VII-R, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/5/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/18/2031 (5) (14)(17) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 147 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) Help/Systems Holdings, Inc. Software Second Lien Term Loan 11/14/2019 (3M SOFR+ 
 11/19/2027 (3)(8)(10) Interventional Management Services, LLC Health Care Providers Services First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 2/22/2021 (3ML+ 
 2/22/2025 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 2/22/2021 (3ML+ 
 2/20/2026 (3) (10) Jefferson Mill CLO Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/26/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/20/2031 (5) (14) K N Parent, Inc. Auto Components Second Lien Term Loan 10/19/2016 (3ML+ 
 10/21/2024 (8)(10) KM2 Solutions LLC IT Services First Lien Term Loan 12/17/2020 (3ML+ 
 12/17/2025 (3) (10) KNS Acquisition Corp. Food Staples Retailing First Lien Term Loan 5/26/2022 (3ML+ 
 4/21/2027 (8)(10) LCM XIV Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/25/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/21/2031 (5) (14) LGC US FINCO, LLC Machinery First Lien Term Loan 1/17/2020 (1ML+ 
 12/20/2025 (3)(8)(10) Magnate Worldwide, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan - Commitment 
 3/11/2022 (3ML+ 
 12/30/2028 (8)(10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 3/11/2022 (3ML+ 
 12/30/2028 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 12/30/2021 (3ML+ 
 12/30/2029 (3)(8)(10) Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 9/29/2021 (1ML+ 
 10/14/2029 (3)(8)(10) Medical Solutions Holdings, Inc. (4) Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 11/1/2021 (6ML+ 
 11/1/2029 (3)(8)(10) Medusind Acquisition, Inc. (19) Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan 9/30/2019 (3ML+ 
 4/8/2024 (3) (10) Mountain View CLO 2013-I Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/17/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/15/2030 (5) (14) Mountain View CLO IX Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/13/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/15/2031 (5) (14) Nexus Buyer LLC Capital Markets Second Lien Term Loan 11/5/2021 (1ML+ 
 11/5/2029 (8)(10) Octagon Investment Partners XV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 1/24/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/19/2030 (5) (14) Octagon Investment Partners 18-R Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 8/12/2015 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/16/2031 (5) (14) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 148 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) OneTouchPoint Corp Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 2/19/2021 (3ML+ 
 2/19/2026 (3) (10) PeopleConnect Holdings, LLC (11) Interactive Media Services First Lien Term Loan 1/22/2020 (3ML+ 
 1/22/2025 (3) (10) PetVet Care Centers, LLC (f/k/a Pearl Intermediate Parent LLC) Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 2/1/2018 (1ML+ 
 2/15/2026 (3)(8)(10) PlayPower, Inc. Leisure Products First Lien Term Loan 5/7/2019 (3ML+ 
 5/10/2026 (3)(8)(10) Preventics, Inc. (d/b/a Legere Pharmaceuticals) (46) Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan 11/12/2021 (3ML+ 
 11/12/2026 (3) (10) Series A Convertible Preferred Stock units) 
 11/12/2021 N/A (16) Series C Convertible Preferred Stock units) 
 11/12/2021 N/A (16) Raisin Acquisition Co, Inc. Pharmaceuticals First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 6/17/2022 (3ML+ 
 12/13/2026 (10)(15) First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 6/17/2022 (3ML+ 
 12/13/2026 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 6/17/2022 (3ML+ 
 12/13/2026 (3) (10) RC Buyer, Inc. Auto Components Second Lien Term Loan 7/26/2021 (3ML+ 
 7/30/2029 (3)(8)(10) Reception Purchaser, LLC Air Freight Logistics First Lien Term Loan 4/28/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 3/24/2028 (3)(8)(10) Redstone Holdco 2 LP (22) IT Services Second Lien Term Loan 4/16/2021 (3ML+ 
 4/27/2029 (3)(8)(10) Research Now Group, Inc. Survey Sampling International LLC Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 12/8/2017 (6ML+ 
 12/20/2024 (3)(8)(10)(47) Second Lien Term Loan 12/8/2017 (6ML+ 
 12/20/2025 (3)(8)(10) Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. Diversified Consumer Services Second Lien Term Loan 5/26/2021 (1ML+ 
 6/1/2029 (3)(8)(10) The RK Logistics Group, Inc. Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 3/24/2022 (3ML+ 
 3/24/2027 (3) (10) Class A Common Units units) 
 3/24/2022 N/A (16) Class B Common Units units) 
 3/24/2022 N/A (16) RME Group Holding Company Media First Lien Term Loan A 5/4/2017 (3ML+ 
 5/6/2024 (3) (10) First Lien Term Loan B 5/4/2017 (3ML+ 
 5/6/2024 (3) (10) Romark WM-R Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 4/11/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/21/2031 (5) (14) Rosa Mexicano Hotels, Restaurants Leisure First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 3/29/2018 (3ML+ 
 5/29/2023 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan 3/29/2018 (3ML+ 
 5/29/2023 (10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 149 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) SEOTownCenter, Inc. IT Services First Lien Term Loan 1/31/2022 (3ML+ 
 1/31/2027 (3) (10) Shearer s Foods, LLC Food Products Second Lien Term Loan 9/15/2020 (1ML+ 
 9/23/2028 (3)(8)(10) ShiftKey, LLC Health Care Technology First Lien Term Loan 6/21/2022 (3M SOFR+ 
 6/21/2027 (10) Shutterfly, LLC Internet Direct Marketing Retail 2021 Refinancing First Lien Term Loan B 7/1/2021 (3ML+ 
 9/25/2026 (3)(8)(10)(47) Sorenson Communications, LLC Diversified Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan 3/12/2021 (3ML+ 
 3/17/2026 (3)(8)(10) Southern Veterinary Partners Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 10/2/2020 (1ML+ 
 10/5/2028 (3)(8)(10) Spectrum Holdings III Corp Health Care Equipment Supplies Second Lien Term Loan 1/26/2018 (1ML+ 
 1/31/2026 (3)(8)(10) Staples, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan 11/18/2019 (3ML+ 
 4/16/2026 (3)(8)(10)(47) Strategic Materials Household Durables Second Lien Term Loan 10/27/2017 (3ML+ 
 11/1/2025 (8)(10) Stryker Energy, LLC Energy Equipment Services Overriding Royalty Interest 12/4/2006 N/A (13) Sudbury Mill CLO Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 11/14/2013 Residual Interest, current yield 
 1/19/2026 (5) (14)(17) Symphony CLO XIV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 5/6/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 7/14/2026 (5) (14)(17) Symphony CLO XV, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 10/17/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 1/19/2032 (5) (14) Town Country Holdings, Inc. Distributors First Lien Term Loan 1/26/2018 (3ML+ 
 1/26/2023 (3) (10)(39) TPS, LLC Machinery First Lien Term Loan 11/30/2020 (3ML+ plus PIK 
 11/30/2025 (3) (10)(39) United Sporting Companies, Inc. (18) Distributors Second Lien Term Loan 9/28/2012 (1ML+ plus PIK 
 11/16/2019 (9)(10) Upstream Newco, Inc. Health Care Providers Services Second Lien Term Loan 11/20/2019 (1ML+ 
 11/20/2027 (3)(8)(10) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 150 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS AS OF JUNE 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

June 30, 2022 Portfolio Company Industry Investments(1)(38) Acquisition Date(44) Coupon/Yield Floor Legal Maturity Principal Value Amortized Cost Fair Value(2) of Net Assets PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments (less than 5.00 voting control) USG Intermediate, LLC Leisure Products First Lien Revolving Line of Credit - Commitment 
 4/15/2015 (1ML+ 
 2/9/2027 (10)(15) First Lien Term Loan B 4/15/2015 (1ML+ 
 2/9/2027 (3) (10) Equity 4/15/2015 N/A (16) VC GB Holdings I Corp Household Durables Second Lien Term Loan 6/30/2021 (6ML+ 
 7/23/2029 (3)(8)(10) Venio LLC (48) Professional Services First Lien Term Loan 2/19/2014 PIK 
 2/19/2020 (39) ViaPath Technologies. Diversified Telecommunication Services First Lien Term Loan 8/7/2019 (1ML+ 
 11/29/2025 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 11/20/2018 (1M SOFR+ 
 11/29/2026 (3)(8)(10) Victor Technology, LLC Commercial Services Supplies First Lien Term Loan 12/3/2021 (3ML+ 
 12/3/2028 (3) (10) Vision Solutions, Inc. (29) IT Services Second Lien Term Loan 4/23/2021 (1ML+ 
 4/23/2029 (3)(8)(10) Voya CLO 2012-4, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 11/5/2012 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/15/2030 (5) (14) Voya CLO 2014-1, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 2/5/2014 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/18/2031 (5) (14)(17) Voya CLO 2016-3, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 9/30/2016 Residual Interest, current yield 
 10/20/2031 (5) (14) Voya CLO 2017-3, Ltd. Structured Finance Subordinated Structured Note 6/13/2017 Residual Interest, current yield 
 4/20/2034 (5) (14) VT Topco, Inc. Commercial Services Supplies Second Lien Term Loan 8/14/2018 (1ML+ 
 8/17/2026 (3)(8)(10) 2021 Second Lien Term Loan 7/30/2021 (1ML+ 
 8/17/2026 (3)(8)(10) Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc.) Health Care Providers Services First Lien Term Loan 5/13/2019 (3ML+ 
 10/1/2025 (3)(8)(10) Second Lien Term Loan 9/25/2018 (3ML+ 
 10/1/2026 (3)(8)(10) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Total Portfolio Investments 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 151 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 

(1) 
 (2) 
 (3) and , respectively, representing and of our total investments, respectively. 
 (4) 
 (5) 
 (6) of additional Second Lien Term Loans and of Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan commitments to PGX Holdings, Inc. PGX ). Also as of December 28, 2022, we contributed our existing equity interest in PGX to PGX TopCo LLC, an entity in which we own of the Class B non-voting shares. Given the only equity we hold in the PGX structure is non-voting, we classify our investment in the PGX structure as non-control/non-affiliate beginning December 31, 2022 and as of June 30, 2023. 
 (7) 
 (8) 
 (9) 
 (10) as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. The 3-Month LIBOR, or 3ML , was as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. The 6-Month LIBOR, or 6ML , was as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. The 1-Month Secured Overnight Financing Rate or 1M SOFR , was as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. The 3-Month Secured Overnight Financing Rate or 3M SOFR , was as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. The 6-Month Secured Overnight Financing Rate or 6M SOFR was as of June 30, 2023. The PRIME Rate or PRIME was as of June 30, 2023. The impact of a SOFR credit spread adjustment, if applicable, is included within the stated all-in interest rate. 
 (11) 
 (12) of consolidated revenue for the twelve-month period ending on the last day of the prior fiscal quarter (or portion thereof) and (ii) of the amount of interest accrued on the Notes at the cash interest rate for such fiscal quarter (or portion thereof). 
 (13) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 152 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 (14) and , respectively. We monitor the status of these assets on an ongoing basis. 
 (15) to . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had and , respectively, of undrawn revolver and delayed draw term loan commitments to our portfolio companies. 
 (16) 
 (17) as expected future cash flows are anticipated to not be sufficient to repay the investment at cost. If the expected investment proceeds increase, there is a potential for future investment income from the investment. Distributions, once received, will be recognized as return of capital, and when called, any remaining unamortized investment costs will be written off if the actual distributions are less than the amortized investment cost. To the extent that the cost basis of the SSN is fully recovered, any future distributions will be recorded as realized gains. 
 (18) owned by SportCo Holdings, Inc. SportCo ). In June 2019, USC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and began liquidating its remaining assets. 
 (19) 
 (20) of the membership interests, owns of CP Energy Services Inc. CP Energy as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. CP Energy owns directly or indirectly of each of CP Well Testing, LLC; Wright Foster Disposals, LLC; Foster Testing Co., Inc.; ProHaul Transports, LLC; and Wright Trucking, Inc. We report CP Energy as a separate controlled company. In June 2019, CP Energy purchased a controlling interest in the common equity of Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc. Spartan Holdings ), which owns of Spartan Energy Services, LLC Spartan ), a portfolio company of Prospect with in first lien term loans (the Spartan Term Loans due to us as of June 30, 2023. As a result of CP Energy s purchase, and given Prospect s controlling interest in CP Energy, our Spartan Term Loans are presented as control investments under CP Energy. Spartan remains the direct borrower and guarantor to Prospect for the Spartan Term Loans. In September 2020, we made a new Series A preferred stock investment in Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc., which equates to of the Series A non-voting non-convertible preferred stock outstanding. In September 2020, Spartan Energy Services, LLC fully repaid the Senior Secured Term Loan B receivable to us at par. We recorded a realized gain of in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the quarter ended September 30, 2020 as a result of this transaction. 
 (21) of the membership interests, owns and of Credit Central Loan Company, LLC (f/k/a Credit Central Holdings, LLC Credit Central )) as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Credit Central owns of each of Credit Central, LLC; Credit Central South, LLC; Credit Central of Texas, LLC; and Credit Central of Tennessee, LLC, the operating companies. We report Credit Central as a separate controlled company. Effective December 10, 2021, Credit Central s term loan lenders were granted a first priority security interest on certain assets of Credit Central and our investment became classified as a First Lien Term Loan. 
 (22) 
 (23) of the membership interests, owns of the voting interest and of the fully-diluted economic interest of First Tower Finance Company LLC First Tower Finance ). First Tower Finance owns of First Tower, LLC, the operating company. We report First Tower Finance as a separate controlled company. Effective March 17, 2021, the First Tower, LLC lenders were granted a first priority security interest in First Tower Finance s assets and our investment became classified as a First Lien Term Loan. Effective June 30, 2021, we increased our investment in our first lien term loan in the aggregate principal amount of and the proceeds were returned to us as a distribution on our equity investment in First Tower, LLC. 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 153 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 (24) of the equity, owns of Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC Freedom Marine ), which owns Vessel Company, LLC, Vessel Company II, LLC and Vessel Company III, LLC. We report Freedom Marine as a separate controlled company. 
 (25) of the common stock, owns of the equity of MITY, Inc. (f/k/a MITY Enterprises, Inc.) MITY ). MITY owns of each of MITY-Lite, Inc. Mity-Lite Broda Enterprises USA, Inc.; and Broda Enterprises ULC Broda Canada ). We report MITY as a separate controlled company. Our subordinated unsecured note issued and outstanding to Broda Canada is denominated in Canadian Dollars CAD ). As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the principal balance of this note was CAD . In accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters ASC 830 ), this note was remeasured into our functional currency, US Dollars (USD), and is presented on our Consolidated Schedule of Investments in USD. We formed a separate legal entity domiciled in the United States, MITY FSC, Inc., MITY FSC in which Prospect owns of the equity. MITY FSC does not have material operations. This entity earns commission payments from MITY-Lite based on its sales to foreign customers, and distributes it to its shareholder. 
 (26) of the membership interests, owns of the common equity of National Property REIT Corp. NPRC (f/k/a National Property Holdings Corp.), a property REIT which holds investments in several real estate properties. Additionally, NPRC invests in online consumer loans and rated secured structured notes through American Consumer Lending Limited ACLL and National General Lending Limited NGL ), respectively, its wholly owned subsidiaries. We report NPRC as a separate controlled company. See Note 3 for further discussion of the investments held by NPRC. 
 (27) of the membership interests, owns of Nationwide Loan Company LLC, the operating company, as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. We report Nationwide Loan Company LLC as a separate controlled company. Prospect has a first priority security interest in the assets of Nationwide. 
 (28) of the equity, owns and of the fully diluted equity of NMMB, Inc. NMMB as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. NMMB owns of Refuel Agency, Inc., which owns of Armed Forces Communications, Inc. We report NMMB as a separate controlled company. 
 (29) 
 (30) of the equity of USES Corp. as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 (31) of the common stock, owns of Valley Electric Holdings II, Inc. Valley Holdings II ), another consolidated entity. Valley Holdings II owns of Valley Electric Company, Inc. Valley Electric ). Valley Electric owns of the equity of VE Company, Inc., which owns of the equity of Valley Electric Co. of Mt. Vernon, Inc. We report Valley Electric as a separate controlled company. 
 (32) of the equity in Encinitas Watches Holdco, LLC, the parent company of Nixon, Inc. 
 (33) of the equity in Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited Targus ), the parent company of Targus International LLC Targus International ), as of June 30, 2022. 
 (34) employees of the Investment Advisor. UTP Holdings owns UTP. UTP Holdings is a wholly-owned holding company controlled by Prospect and therefore Prospect s investment in UTP is classified as a control investment. 
 (35) of New TLA, TLD and TLE residual profit and (ii) of TLC residual profits, with both calculated quarterly in arrears. 
 (36) of the preferred equity of Pacific World Corporation Pacific World ), which represents a ownership interest of Pacific World as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. As a result, Prospect s investment in Pacific World is classified as a control investment. 
 (37) 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 154 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 Commercial Services Supplies Construction Engineering Consumer Finance Diversified Consumer Services Energy Equipment Services Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Health Care Providers Services Machinery Media Online Lending Personal Products Trading Companies Distributors Structured Finance Total Control Investments Affiliate Investments Commercial Services Supplies Total Affiliate Investments Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Air Freight Logistics Automobile Components Building Products Capital Markets Commercial Services Supplies Communications Equipment Consumer Finance Distributors Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Diversified Telecommunication Services Electrical Equipment Food Staples Retailing Food Products Health Care Equipment Supplies Health Care Providers Services Health Care Technology Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Household Durables Interactive Media Services Internet Direct Marketing Retail IT Services Leisure Products Machinery Media Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Software Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Structured Finance (A) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 155 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

The following table shows the composition of our investment portfolio at fair value by control designation, investment type and by industry as of June 30, 2023: 
 Industry 1st Lien Term Loan 2nd Lien Term Loan Subordinated Structured Notes Unsecured Debt Equity (B) 
 Fair Value Total Fair Value of Net Assets Applicable to Common Stock Control Investments Aerospace Defense Commercial Services Supplies Construction Engineering Consumer Finance Diversified Consumer Services Energy Equipment Services Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Health Care Providers Services Machinery Media Online Lending Personal Products Trading Companies Distributors Structured Finance (A) Total Control Investments Fair Value of Net Assets Affiliate Investments Commercial Services Supplies Total Affiliate Investments Fair Value of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Air Freight Logistics Automobile Components Building Products Capital Markets Commercial Services Supplies Communications Equipment Consumer Finance Distributors Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Diversified Telecommunication Services Electrical Equipment Food Staples Retailing Food Products Health Care Equipment Supplies Health Care Providers Services Health Care Technology Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Household Durables Interactive Media Services Internet Direct Marketing Retail IT Services 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 156 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 Machinery Media Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Software Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Structured Finance (A) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Fair Value of Net Assets Total Portfolio Fair Value of Net Assets 
 (A) Our SSN investments do not have industry concentrations and as such have been separated in the tables above. 
 (B) Equity, unless specifically stated otherwise, includes our investments in preferred stock, common stock, membership interests, net profits interests, net operating income interests, net revenue interests, overriding royalty interests, escrows receivable, and warrants. 
 (38) Commercial Services Supplies Construction Engineering Consumer Finance Diversified Consumer Services Energy Equipment Services Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Health Care Providers Services Machinery Media Online Lending Personal Products Trading Companies Distributors Structured Finance (A) Total Control Investments Affiliate Investments Commercial Services Supplies Diversified Consumer Services Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Total Affiliate Investments Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Air Freight Logistics Auto Components Building Products Capital Markets Commercial Services Supplies Communications Equipment Consumer Finance Distributors Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Diversified Telecommunication Services 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 157 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 Food Products Health Care Equipment Supplies Health Care Providers Services Health Care Technology Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Household Durables Household Products Insurance Interactive Media Services Internet Direct Marketing Retail IT Services Leisure Products Machinery Media Paper Forest Products Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Software Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Structured Finance Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Total Portfolio Investment Cost 
 
 The following table shows the composition of our investment portfolio at fair value by control designation, investment type and by industry as of June 30, 2022: Industry 1st Lien Term Loan 2nd Lien Term Loan Subordinated Structured Notes Unsecured Debt Equity (B) 
 Fair Value Total Fair Value of Net Assets Control Investments Aerospace Defense Commercial Services Supplies Construction Engineering Consumer Finance Diversified Consumer Services Energy Equipment Services Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) Health Care Providers Services Machinery Media Online Lending Personal Products Trading Companies Distributors Structured Finance (A) Total Control Investments Fair Value of Net Assets Affiliate Investments Commerical Sevices Supplies Diversified Consumer Services Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Total Affiliate Investments Fair Value of Net Assets Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Air Freight Logistics 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 158 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 Commercial Services Supplies Communications Equipment Building Products Capital Markets Consumer Finance Distributors Diversified Consumer Services Diversified Financial Services Diversified Telecommunication Services Food Staples Retailing Food Products Health Care Equipment Supplies Health Care Providers Services Health Care Technology Hotels, Restaurants Leisure Household Durables Household Products Insurance Interactive Media Services Internet Direct Marketing Retail IT Services Leisure Products Machinery Media Paper Forest Products Pharmaceuticals Professional Services Software Technology Hardware, Storage Peripherals Textiles, Apparel Luxury Goods Structured Finance Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Fair Value of Net Assets Total Portfolio Fair Value of Net Assets 
 (A) Our SSN investments do not have industry concentrations and as such have been separated in the tables above. 
 (B) Equity, unless specifically stated otherwise, includes our investments in preferred stock, common stock, membership interests, net profits interests, net operating income interests, net revenue interests, overriding royalty interests, escrows receivable, and warrants. 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 159 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

(39) 
 (A) CP Energy Services Inc. - First Lien Term Loan (A) CP Energy Services Inc. - First Lien Term Loan (A) CP Energy Services Inc. - First Lien Term Loan A to Spartan Energy Services, LLC (B) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC - First Lien Term Loan (C) Echelon Transportation, LLC - First Lien Term Loan (D) Eze Castle Integration, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan Eze Castle Integration, Inc. - Delayed Draw Term Loan First Tower Finance Company LLC - First Lien Term Loan (E) InterDent, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan B MITY, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan A (F) MITY, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan B (F) National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan A National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan B National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan C National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan D National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan E Nationwide Loan Company LLC - First Lien Term Loan Pacific World Corporation - First Lien Revolving Line of Credit (G) Pacific World Corporation - First Lien Term Loan A Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan (H) Town Country Holdings, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan (I) Town Country Holdings, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan (I) TPS, LLC - First Lien Term Loan USES Corp. - First Lien Equipment Term Loan (J) Valley Electric Co. of Mt. Vernon, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan Valley Electric Company, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan Valley Electric Company, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan B 
 (A) On January 6, 2023, the CP Energy Services, Inc. Amendment No. 16 to Loan Agreement was amended to allow interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (B) On August 22, 2022, the Spartan Energy Services, LLC Twenty-Fifth Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Loan Agreement was amended to allow interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (C) On September 30, 2022, the Credit Central Senior Subordinated Loan Agreement was amended to allow interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (D) On January 31, 2022, the Echelon Fifth Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement was amended to remove the PIK rate and to allow the 
 interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (E) On December 30, 2022, the First Tower Finance Company LLC Amendment No. 15 was amended to reduce the PIK rate to and allow the interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (F) On March 23, 2021, the Mity Amendment No. 1 and Waiver to Note Purchase Agreement was amended to allow Senior Secured Note A and Senior Secured Note B interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current TLA PIK rate of and TLB PIK rate of . 
 (G) Effective as of December 29, 2021, the Pacific World Corporation Amendment No. 8 was amended to allow the Revolving Line of Credit interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current rate of . 
 (H) Next PIK payment/capitalization date is August 31, 2023. 
 (I) On November 17, 2022, the Town Country Holdings, Inc. Eighth Amendment to Loan Agreement was amended to a fixed PIK rate of . 
 (J) On March 28, 2023, the USES Corp. First Lien Equipment Term loan was amended to allow interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 160 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 (A) CP Energy Services Inc. - First Lien Term Loan A to Spartan Energy Services, LLC (B) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC - First Lien Term Loan (C) First Tower Finance Company LLC - First Lien Term Loan InterDent, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan B MITY, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan A (D) MITY, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan B (D) National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan A National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan B National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan C National Property REIT Corp. - First Lien Term Loan D Nationwide Loan Company LLC - First Lien Term Loan Pacific World Corporation - Revolving Line of Credit (E) Pacific World Corporation - First Lien Term Loan A Town Country Holdings, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan N/A N/A N/A (F) TPS, LLC - First Lien Term Loan Valley Electric Co. of Mt. Vernon, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan Valley Electric Company, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan Valley Electric Company, Inc. - First Lien Term Loan B (G) Venio LLC - First Lien Term Loan 
 (A) Effective March 31, 2022, the CP Energy Fourteenth Amendment to Loan Agreement was amended to allow of the June 30, 2022 interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a current PIK rate capitalized of . 
 (B) On October 28, 2021, the Spartan Energy Services, LLC Twenty-Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Senior Secured Loan Agreement was amended to allow interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (C) On December 17, 2018, the Credit Central Senior Subordinated Loan Agreement was amended to allow interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 (D) On March 23, 2021, the Mity Amendment No. 1 and Waiver to Note Purchase Agreement was amended to allow Senior Secured Note A and Senior Secured Note B interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current TLA PIK rate of and TLB PIK rate of . 
 (E) Effective as of December 29, 2021, the Pacific World Corporation Amendment No. 8 was amended to allow the Revolving Line of Credit interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current rate of 
 (F) On December 31, 2021, the Town Country Holdings, Inc. Seventh Amendment to Loan Agreement was amended to allow the First Lien Term Loan interest accruing in cash to be payable in kind resulting in a maximum current PIK rate of . As of June 30, 2022 there is no longer interest accruing as payable in kind. 
 (G) On March 28, 2022, the Valley Electric Company, Inc. Loan Agreement was amended to allow interest accruing at a maximum current PIK rate of . 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 161 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 (40) 
 ) CP Energy - Spartan Energy Services, Inc. ) Credit Central Loan Company, LLC ) Echelon Transportation, LLC ) First Tower Finance Company LLC ) ) Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC ) InterDent, Inc. ) Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort ) MITY, Inc. ) ) National Property REIT Corp. ) ) Nationwide Loan Company LLC ) NMMB, Inc. ) ) Pacific World Corporation ) R-V Industries, Inc. Universal Turbine Parts, LLC ) USES Corp. ) Valley Electric Company, Inc. ) Total ) ) ) 
 (A) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of the investments resulting from new portfolio investments, OID accretion and PIK interest, and any transfer of investments. 
 (B) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investments repayments or sales, impairments, and any transfer of investments. 
 
 (41) 
 PGX Holdings, Inc. (C) ) ) RGIS Services, LLC ) ) Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited ) ) Total ) ) 
 (A) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of the investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest, and any transfer of investments. 
 (B) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investments repayments or sales, impairments, and any transfer of investments. 
 (C) The investment was transferred to non-control investment classification at , the fair market value of the investment at the beginning of the three month period ended December 31, 2022. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 162 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 (42) 
 CP Energy - Spartan Energy Services, LLC Credit Central Loan Company, LLC ) ) Echelon Transportation LLC ) First Tower Finance Company LLC ) ) Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC InterDent, Inc. ) ) Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort MITY, Inc. National Property REIT Corp. ) Nationwide Loan Company LLC NMMB, Inc. ) Pacific World Corporation ) R-V Industries, Inc. Universal Turbine Parts, LLC ) USES Corp. ) Valley Electric Company, Inc. ) ) Total ) 
 (A) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of the investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest, and any transfer of investments. 
 (B) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investments repayments or sales, impairments, and any transfer of investments. 
 (43) 
 PGX Holdings, Inc. ) ) RGIS Services, LLC ) Targus Cayman HoldCo Limited ) ) 
 (A) Gross additions include increases in the cost basis of the investments resulting from new portfolio investments, PIK interest, and any transfer of investments. 
 (B) Gross reductions include decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal collections related to investments repayments or sales, impairments, and any transfer of investments. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 163 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

(44) Acquisition date represents the date of PSEC's initial investment. Follow-on acquisitions have occurred on the following dates to arrive at PSEC's current investment (excluding effects of capitalized PIK interest, premium/original issue discount amortization/accretion, and partial repayments) (See endnote 45 for NPRC equity follow-on acquisitions): 
 Portfolio Company Investment Follow-On Acquisition Dates Follow-On Acquisitions (Excluding initial investment cost) 8th Avenue Food Provisions, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 11/17/2020, 9/17/2021 AmeriLife Holdings, LLC Second Lien Term Loan 9/3/2020, 12/2/2020, 6/10/2021 Apidos CLO XI Subordinated Structured Note 11/2/2016, 4/8/2021 Apidos CLO XII Subordinated Structured Note 1/26/2018 Apidos CLO XV Subordinated Structured Note 3/29/2018 Apidos CLO XXII Subordinated Structured Note 2/24/2020 Atlantis Health Care Group (Puerto Rico), Inc. First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 4/15/2013, 5/21/2013, 3/11/2014, 6/26/2017, 9/29/2017, 10/12/2017, 10/31/2017, 5/10/2023 Atlantis Health Care Group (Puerto Rico), Inc. First Lien Term Loan 12/9/2016 Aventiv Technologies, LLC (f/k/a Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc.) Second Lien Term Loan 11/13/2017, 11/24/2017, 8/6/2018, 8/24/2018, 3/18/2019 Barings CLO 2018-III Subordinated Structured Note 5/18/2018 BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. Second Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/28/2022 BCPE North Star US Holdco 2, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 12/30/2021 BCPE Osprey Buyer, Inc. First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 2/22/2023, 5/23/2023 Belnick, LLC (d/b/a The Ubique Group) First Lien Term Loan 6/27/2022 Broder Bros., Co. First Lien Term Loan 1/29/2019, 2/28/2019, 9/10/2021, 9/30/2021 California Street CLO IX Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 9/6/2016, 10/17/2016 Cent CLO 21 Limited Subordinated Structured Note 7/12/2018 CIFC Funding 2014-IV-R, Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 10/12/2018, 12/20/2021 Collections Acquisition Company, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 1/13/2022 Columbia Cent CLO 27 Limited Subordinated Structured Note 12/2/2021 CP Energy Services Inc. First Lien Term Loan A to Spartan Energy Services, LLC 4/9/2021, 1/10/2022, 2/10/2023 CP Energy Services Inc. Common Stock 10/11/2013, 12/26/2013, 4/6/2018, 12/31/2019 Credit Central Loan Company, LLC Class A Units 12/28/2012, 3/28/2014, 6/26/2014, 9/28/2016, 8/21/2019 Credit Central Loan Company, LLC Class P Units 1/27/2023 Credit Central Loan Company, LLC First Lien Term Loan 6/26/2014, 9/28/2016, 12/16/2022, 1/27/2023 Curo Group Holdings Corp. First Lien Term Loan 8/31/2021, 11/18/2021, 1/12/2022 DRI Holding, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 4/26/2022, 7/21/2022 DRI Holding, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 5/18/2022 Dukes Root Control Inc. First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 4/24/2023 Dukes Root Control Inc. First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/26/2023 Echelon Transportation, LLC Membership Interest 3/31/2014, 9/30/2014, 12/9/2016 Echelon Transportation, LLC First Lien Term Loan 11/14/2018, 7/9/2019, 5/5/2020, 10/9/2020, 1/21/2021, 3/18/2021 Eze Castle Integration, Inc. First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/7/2022 Faraday Buyer, LLC First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 5/18/2023 First Brands Group First Lien Term Loan 4/27/2022 First Brands Group Second Lien Term Loan 5/12/2022 First Tower Finance Company LLC Class A Units 12/30/2013, 6/24/2014, 12/15/2015, 11/21/2016, 3/9/2018 First Tower Finance Company LLC First Lien Term Loan to First Tower, LLC 12/15/2015, 3/9/2018, 3/24/2022 Forta, LLC (f/k/a Help/Systems Holdings, Inc.) Second Lien Term Loan 5/11/2021, 10/14/2021 Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC Membership Interest 10/1/2009, 12/22/2009, 1/13/2010, 3/30/2010, 5/13/2010, 2/14/2011, 4/28/2011, 7/7/2011, 10/20/2011, 10/30/2015, 1/7/2016, 4/11/2016, 8/11/2016, 1/30/2017, 4/20/2017, 6/13/2017, 8/30/2017, 1/17/2018, 2/15/2018, 5/8/2018, 10/31/2018, 5/14/2021, 4/18/2022, 2/15/2023 Galaxy XV CLO, Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 8/21/2015, 3/10/2017 Galaxy XXVII CLO, Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 6/11/2015 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 164 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company Investment Follow-On Acquisition Dates Follow-On Acquisitions (Excluding initial investment cost) The Hiller Companies, LLC First Lien Term Loan 4/6/2023 InterDent, Inc. First Lien Term Loan A 2/11/2014, 4/21/2014, 11/25/2014, 12/23/2014, 7/14/2021, 3/28/2022 InterDent, Inc. First Lien Term Loan B 2/11/2014, 4/21/2014, 11/25/2014, 12/23/2014 Interventional Management Services, LLC First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 2/25/2021, 11/17/2021 Jefferson Mill CLO Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 9/21/2018 K N HoldCo, LLC Second Lien Term Loan 8/14/2018, 9/5/2018, 9/7/2018, 9/10/2018, 9/24/2018, 11/12/2020 Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort Membership Interest 10/21/2019, 12/4/2019 LCM XIV Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 9/25/2015, 5/18/2018 LGC US FINCO, LLC First Lien Term Loan 3/2/2022 Magnate Worldwide, LLC First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/26/2022, 6/1/2023 Mamba Purchaser, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 5/4/2022, 5/10/2022 Medical Solutions Holdings, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 5/4/2022, 9/22/2022 MITY, Inc. Common Stock 6/23/2014 MITY, Inc. First Lien Term Loan A 1/17/2017, 3/23/2021 MITY, Inc. First Lien Term Loan B 1/17/2017, 6/3/2019 Nationwide Loan Company LLC Class A Units 3/28/2014, 6/18/2014, 9/30/2014, 6/29/2015, 3/31/2016, 8/31/2016, 5/31/2017, 10/31/2017 Nationwide Loan Company LLC First Lien Term Loan 12/28/2015, 8/31/2016 National Property REIT Corp. First Lien Term Loan A 4/3/2020, 5/15/2020, 6/10/2020, 7/29/2020, 8/14/2020, 9/15/2020,10/15/2020, 10/30/2020, 11/10/2020, 11/13/2020, 11/19/2020, 12/11/2020, 1/27/2021, 2/25/2021, 3/11/2021, 5/14/2021, 6/14/2021, 6/25/2021, 8/16/2021, 11/15/2021, 11/26/2021, 12/1/2021, 12/28/2021, 1/14/2022, 2/15/2022, 3/17/2022, 3/28/2022, 4/1/2022, 4/7/2022, 5/24/2022, 6/6/2022, 7/5/2022, 8/31/2022, 10/6/2022, 1/10/2023, 2/28/2023, 4/4/2023, 4/6/2023, 4/28/2023, 6/9/2023, 6/14/2023 National Property REIT Corp. First Lien Term Loan B 12/8/2021, 12/17/2021, 1/13/2022, 2/8/2022, 2/14/2022, 2/17/2022, 2/24/2022 National Property REIT Corp. First Lien Term Loan C 10/23/2019, 1/23/2020, 3/31/2020, 4/8/2020, 8/4/2020, 12/7/2021, 1/7/2022, 2/2/2022, 5/12/2022, 5/19/2022, 6/6/2022, 8/1/2022, 9/15/2022, 9/19/2022, 10/21/2022, 6/6/2023 NMMB, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 12/30/2019, 3/28/2022 Octagon Investment Partners XV, Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 4/27/2015, 8/3/2015, 6/27/2017 Octagon Investment Partners 18-R Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 3/23/2018 Pacific World Corporation First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 10/21/2014, 12/19/2014, 4/7/2015, 4/22/2015, 8/12/2016, 10/18/2016, 2/7/2017, 2/21/2017, 4/26/2017, 10/11/2017, 10/17/2017, 1/16/2018, 12/27/2018, 3/15/2019, 7/2/2019, 8/15/2019, 9/1/2021, 10/19/2021, 9/6/2022 Pacific World Corporation Convertible Preferred Equity 4/3/2019, 4/29/2019, 6/3/2019, 10/4/2019, 11/12/2019, 12/20/2019, 1/7/2020, 3/5/2020, 12/30/2021 Pacific World Corporation First Lien Term Loan A 12/22/2022 PeopleConnect Holdings, LLC First Lien Term Loan 10/21/2021 PetVet Care Centers, LLC (f/k/a Pearl Intermediate Parent LLC) Second Lien Term Loan 11/22/2021, 5/10/2022 PGX Holdings, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 11/16/2021, 5/25/2022 PGX Holdings, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 12/28/2022 Precisely Software Incorporated f/k/a Vision Solutions, Inc.) Second Lien Term Loan 5/28/2021, 6/24/2021, 6/3/2022 Reception Purchaser, LLC First Lien Term Loan 7/29/2022, 9/22/2022 Redstone Holdco 2 LP Second Lien Term Loan 9/10/2021 Romark WM-R Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 3/29/2018 Rosa Mexicano First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 3/27/2020 R-V Industries, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 3/4/2022 R-V Industries, Inc. Common Stock 12/27/2016 Shiftkey, LLC First Lien Term Loan 8/26/2022, 9/14/2022, 9/23/2022 Shutterfly Finance, LLC 2021 Refinancing First Lien Term Loan B 9/17/2021 Sorenson Communications, LLC First Lien Term Loan 5/12/2022, 5/19/2022 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 165 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 Portfolio Company Investment Follow-On Acquisition Dates Follow-On Acquisitions (Excluding initial investment cost) Symphony CLO XV, Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 12/7/2018 Town Country Holdings, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 7/13/2018, 7/16/2018 United Sporting Companies, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 3/7/2013 Universal Turbine Parts, LLC First Lien Delayed Draw Term Loan 10/24/2019, 2/7/2020, 2/26/2020, 4/5/2021 USES Corp. First Lien Term Loan A 6/15/2016, 6/29/2016, 2/22/2017, 4/27/2017, 5/4/2017, 8/30/2017, 10/11/2017, 12/11/2018, 8/30/2019 USES Corp. First Lien Equipment Term Loan 6/23/2023 USG Intermediate, LLC First Lien Revolving Line of Credit 7/2/2015, 9/23/2015, 9/14/2017, 8/21/2019, 9/17/2020, 9/18/2021, 5/19/2022, 5/22/2023 USG Intermediate, LLC First Lien Term Loan B 8/24/2017, 7/30/2021, 2/9/2022, 8/17/2022, 5/12/2023 USG Intermediate, LLC Equity 5/12/2023 Valley Electric Company, Inc. Common Stock 12/31/2012, 6/24/2014 Valley Electric Company, Inc. First Lien Term Loan 6/30/2014, 8/31/2018, 3/28/2022 Valley Electric Company, Inc. First Lien Term Loan B 5/1/2023 ViaPath Technologies (f/k/a Global Tel Link Corporation) Second Lien Term Loan 4/10/2019, 8/22/2019, 9/20/2019, 9/14/2021, 9/17/2021, 12/17/2021, 2/7/2022 Voya CLO 2014-1, Ltd. Subordinated Structured Note 3/29/2018 VT Topco, Inc. Second Lien Term Loan 5/2/2022, 5/12/2022 VT Topco, Inc. 2021 Second Lien Term Loan 4/27/2022, 5/12/2022 Wellful Inc. (f/k/a KNS Acquisition Corp.) First Lien Term Loan 7/28/2022 Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc.) First Lien Term Loan 10/8/2019, 10/8/2021 Wellpath Holdings, Inc. (f/k/a CCS-CMGC Holdings, Inc.) Second Lien Term Loan 8/20/2019 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 166 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULES OF INVESTMENTS (CONTINUED) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Endnote Explanations as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 (Continued) 

 (45) 
 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2022 2023 
 (46) of the preferred stock of Legere Pharmaceutical Holdings, Inc. Legere ), which represents voting interest in Legere. Legere is the parent company of the borrower, Preventics, Inc. (d/b/a Legere Pharmaceuticals). 
 (47) 
 (48) CP Iris Holdco I, Inc. and CP Iris Holdco II, Inc. are joint borrowers on the Second Lien Term Loan. 
 (49) . 
 (50) 
 
 (51) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 167 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 1. 
 168 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 2. 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, our qualifying assets as a percentage of total assets, stood at and , respectively. 
 169 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of June 30, 2023 , we have no assets going through foreclosure. 
 
 170 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

171 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

See Note 5 for further discussion on our Convertible Notes outstanding. 
 of our total assets at fair value are in non-accrual status. 
 Some of our loans and other investments may have contractual payment-in-kind PIK interest or dividends. PIK income computed at the contractual rate is accrued into income and reflected as receivable up to the capitalization date. PIK investments offer issuers the option at each payment date of making payments in cash or in additional securities. When additional securities are received, they typically have the same terms, including maturity dates and interest rates as the original securities issued. On these payment dates, we capitalize the accrued interest (reflecting such amounts in the basis as additional securities received). PIK generally becomes due at maturity of the investment or upon the investment being called by the issuer. At the point that we believe PIK is not fully expected to be realized, the PIK investment will be placed on non-accrual status. When a PIK investment is placed on non-accrual status, the accrued, uncapitalized interest or dividends are reversed from the related receivable through interest or dividend income, respectively. We do not reverse previously capitalized PIK interest or dividends. Upon capitalization, PIK is subject to the fair value estimates associated with their related investments. PIK investments on non-accrual status are restored to accrual status if we believe that PIK is expected to be realized. 
 172 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

For the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, the Company recorded dividend income of , , and , respectively, and return of capital distributions of , , and , respectively. 

Realized gains or losses on the sale of investments are calculated using the specific identification method. Refer to Investment Transactions above. 
 173 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there are no prepaid expenses related to registration expenses and all amounts incurred have been expensed. 
 174 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock issued prior to the issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock has a carrying value on our Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities equal to liquidation value per share. Accrued and unpaid dividends relating to the Preferred Stock are included in the preferred stock carrying value on the Statement of Assets and Liabilities . Dividends declared on the Preferred Stock are included in preferred stock dividends on the Statement of Operations. 
 
 Note 3. 
 long-term portfolio investments and CLOs, which had an amortized cost of and a fair value of . At June 30, 2022, we had investments in long-term portfolio investments and CLOs, which had an amortized cost of and a fair value of . 
 The original cost basis of debt placement and equity securities acquired, including follow-on investments for existing portfolio companies, payment-in-kind interest, and structuring fees, totaled and during the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Debt repayments and considerations from sales of equity securities of approximately and were received during the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 175 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

First Lien Debt (1) Second Lien Revolving Line of Credit Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Subordinated Structured Notes Equity Total Investments 
 (1) First lien debt includes a loan that the Company classifies as unitranche and a loan classified as first lien last out The total amortized cost and fair value of the unitranche and/or last out loans were and , respectively, as of June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2022, of the Company s first lien debt was classified as unitranche and/or last out. 
 176 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

First Lien Debt(1) Second Lien Revolving Line of Credit Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Subordinated Structured Notes Equity Total Investments 
 (1) First lien debt includes a loan that the Company classifies as unitranche and a loan classified as first lien last out . The total amortized cost and fair value of the unitranche and/or last out loans were and , respectively, as of June 30, 2023. 
 The following table shows the fair value of our investments disaggregated into the three levels of the ASC 820 valuation hierarchy as of June 30, 2022: 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total First Lien Revolving Line of Credit First Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Subordinated Structured Notes Equity Total Investments 
 
 Net realized (losses) gains on investments ) ) ) Net change in unrealized losses ) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized losses ) ) ) ) Purchases of portfolio investments(3) Payment-in-kind interest Accretion of discounts and premiums, net 
 ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments(3) ) ) ) ) Transfers within Level 3(1) ) Transfers out of Level 3(1) ) ) Transfers into Level 3(1) Fair value as of June 30, 2023 
 177 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Net realized (losses) gains on investments ) ) ) ) ) Net change in unrealized losses ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized (losses) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Purchases of portfolio investments(3) Payment-in-kind interest Accretion of discounts and premiums, net ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments(3) ) ) ) ) ) ) Transfers out of Level 3(1) ) ) Transfers into Level 3(1) Fair value as of June 30, 2023 
 (1)Transfers are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the quarter during which the asset was transferred. During the year ended June 30, 2023, of our first lien notes transferred out of Level 2 to Level 3 because inputs to the valuation became unobservable. 
 (2) First lien debt includes a loan that the Company classifies as unitranche and a loan classified as first lien last out . The total amortized cost and fair value of the unitranche and/or last out loans were and , respectively, as of June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2022, of the Company s first lien debt was classified as unitranche and/or last out. 
 (3)Includes reorganizations and restructuring of investments. 
 The following tables show the aggregate changes in the fair value of our Level 3 investments during the year ended June 30, 2022: Fair Value Measurements Using Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Control 
 Investments 
 Affiliate 
 Investments 
 Non-Control/ 
 Non-Affiliate 
 Investments 
 Total Fair value as of June 30, 2021 Net realized gains (losses) on investments ) ) Net change in unrealized gains (losses) ) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) ) Purchases of portfolio investments Payment-in-kind interest Accretion (amortization) of discounts and premiums, net 
 ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments ) ) ) ) Transfers out of Level 3(1) ) ) Transfers into Level 3(1) Fair Value as of as of June 30, 2022 
 
 Revolving Line of Credit First Lien Debt 1.5 Lien Debt Second Lien Debt Third Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Subordinated Structured Notes Equity Total Fair value as of June 30, 2021 Net realized (losses) gains on investments ) ) ) Net change in unrealized (losses) gains ) ) ) Net realized and unrealized (losses) gains ) ) ) Purchases of portfolio investments Payment-in-kind interest Accretion (amortization) of discounts and premiums, net ) ) Repayments and sales of portfolio investments ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Transfers within Level 3(1) ) Transfers out of Level 3(2) ) ) Transfers into Level 3(2) Fair value as of June 30, 2022 
 (1) Transfers are assumed to have occurred at the beginning of the quarter during which the asset was transferred. 
 178 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

of our first lien notes transferred out of Level 2 to Level 3 because inputs to the valuation became unobservable. During the year ended June 30, 2022, of our first lien notes transferred out of Level 3 to Level 2 because inputs to the valuations became observable. 
 The net change in unrealized (losses) gains on the investments that use Level 3 inputs was ) and for investments still held as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Health Care Providers Services Consumer Finance All Other Industries Total 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 investments in California comprised of our investments at fair value, with a cost of and a fair value of . As of June 30, 2022 investments in California comprised of our investments at fair value, with a cost of and a fair value of . 
 
 179 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Discounted cash flow (Yield analysis) Market yield to First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x Enterprise value waterfall (Discounted cash flow) Discount rate to First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Discounted cash flow) Discount rate to First Lien Debt (1) Enterprise value waterfall Loss-adjusted discount rate to Projected loss rates to First Lien Debt (2) Enterprise value waterfall Discount rate (3) to First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x Earnings multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Discounted cash flow Discount Rate to Terminal Cap Rate to First Lien Debt Asset recovery analysis Recoverable amount n/a n/a Second Lien Debt Discounted cash flow (Yield analysis) Market yield to Second Lien Debt Asset recovery analysis Recoverable amount n/a n/a Unsecured Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x Subordinated Structured Notes Discounted cash flow Discount rate (3) to Preferred Equity Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x Preferred Equity Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x Preferred Equity Enterprise value waterfall (Discounted cash flow) Discount rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants (1) Enterprise value waterfall Loss-adjusted discount rate to Projected loss rates to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants (2) Enterprise value waterfall Discount rate (3) to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants (4) Discounted cash flow Discount rate to Terminal Cap Rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x Earnings multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Discounted cash flow Discount rate to Terminal Cap Rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Discounted cash flow) Discount Rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Asset recovery analysis Recoverable amount n/a n/a Total Level 3 Investments 
 
 180 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

181 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Discounted cash flow (Yield analysis) Market yield to First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Discounted cash flow) Discount rate to First Lien Debt Asset recovery analysis Recoverable amount n/a n/a First Lien Debt (1) Enterprise value waterfall Loss-adjusted discount rate to Projected loss rates to First Lien Debt (2) Enterprise value waterfall Discount rate (3) to First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x Earnings multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x First Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (NAV analysis) Capitalization Rate to Second Lien Debt Discounted cash flow (Yield analysis) Market yield to Second Lien Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x Second Lien Debt Asset recovery analysis Recoverable amount n/a n/a Unsecured Debt Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x Subordinated Structured Notes Discounted cash flow Discount rate (3) to Preferred Equity Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x Preferred Equity Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x Preferred Equity Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Discount rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) EBITDA multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Revenue multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants (1) Enterprise value waterfall Loss-adjusted discount rate to Projected loss rates to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants (2) Enterprise value waterfall Discount rate (3) to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants (4) Enterprise value waterfall (NAV analysis) Capitalization Rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x Earnings multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Market approach) Tangible book value multiple x to x x Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (NAV analysis) Capitalization Rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Enterprise value waterfall (Discounted cash flow) Discount rate to Common Equity/Interests/Warrants Asset recovery analysis Recoverable amount n/a n/a Total Level 3 Investments 
 182 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Investments for which market quotations are readily available must be valued at such market quotations. In order to validate market quotations, management and the independent valuation firm look at a number of factors to determine if the quotations are representative of fair value, including the source and nature of the quotations. These investments are classified as Level 1 or Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 The fair value of debt investments specifically classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy are generally valued by an independent pricing agent or more than one principal market maker, if available, otherwise a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. We generally value over-the-counter securities by using the prevailing bid and ask prices from dealers during the relevant period end, which were provided by an independent pricing agent and screened for validity by such service. 
 In determining the range of values for debt instruments where market quotations are not readily available, and are therefore classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, except CLOs and debt investments in controlling portfolio companies, management and the independent valuation firm estimated corporate and security credit ratings and identified corresponding yields to maturity for each loan from relevant market data. A discounted cash flow technique was then applied using the appropriate yield to maturity as the discount rate, to determine a range of values. In determining the range of values for debt investments of controlled companies and equity investments, the enterprise value was determined by applying a market approach such as using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA multiples, net income and/or book value multiples for similar guideline public companies and/or similar recent investment transactions and/or an income approach, such as the discounted cash flow technique. The enterprise value technique may also be used to value debt investments which are credit impaired. For stressed debt and equity investments, asset recovery analysis was used. 
 In determining the range of values for our investments in CLOs, the independent valuation firm uses a discounted multi-path cash flow model. The valuations were accomplished through the analysis of the CLO deal structures to identify the risk exposures from the modeling point of view as well as to determine an appropriate call date (i.e., expected maturity). These risk factors are sensitized in the multi-path cash flow model using Monte Carlo simulations to generate probability-weighted (i.e., multi-path) cash flows for the underlying assets and liabilities. These cash flows are discounted using appropriate market discount rates, and relevant data in the CLO market and certain benchmark credit indices are considered, to determine the value of each CLO investment. In addition, we generate a single-path cash flow utilizing our best estimate of expected cash receipts, and assess the reasonableness of the implied discount rate that would be effective for the value derived from the corresponding multi-path cash flow model. 
 Our portfolio consists of residual interests and debt investments in CLOs, which involve a number of significant risks. CLOs are typically very highly levered (10 - 14 times), and therefore the residual interest tranches that we invest in are subject to a higher degree of risk of total loss. In particular, investors in CLO residual interests indirectly bear risks of the underlying loan investments held by such CLOs. We generally have the right to receive payments only from the CLOs, and generally do not have direct rights against the underlying borrowers or the entity that sponsored the CLOs. While the CLOs we target generally enable the investor to acquire interests in a pool of senior loans without the expenses associated with directly holding the same investments, the prices of indices and securities underlying our CLOs will rise or fall. These prices (and, therefore, the prices of the CLOs) will be influenced by the same types of political and economic events that affect issuers of securities and capital markets generally. The failure by a CLO investment in which we invest to satisfy financial covenants, including with respect to adequate collateralization and/or interest coverage tests, could lead to a reduction in its payments to us. In the event that a CLO fails certain tests, holders of debt senior to us would be entitled to additional payments that would, in turn, reduce the payments we would otherwise be entitled to receive. Separately, we may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon 
 183 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

184 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for DTI Holdco, Inc. Epiq for the First Lien Term Loan changed from the yield method to a combination of yield method and market quotes, since market quotes were more active in the current period. As a result of the quoted prices of the First Lien Term Loan, the fair value of our investment in Epiq First Lien Term Loan decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized appreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Engine Group, Inc. Engine for the First Lien Term Loan and Warrants changed from the yield method and Current Value Method CVM ), respectively, to the Liquidation Analysis, due to a deterioration in the company s operational performance. As a result, our investment in Engine decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for First Brands Group for the First Lien Term Loan changed from the yield method to a combination of yield method and market quotes, since market quotes were more active in the current period. As a result of improved fundamental performance and tightened credit market spreads, the fair value of our investment in First Brands Group First Lien Term Loan increased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 185 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022 . 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for National Property REIT Corp. NPRC for the real estate portfolio changed from the direct capitalization method to the discounted cash flow method, due to a reduction in collaborative capitalization rate market data. Our investment in NPRC for the real estate portfolio was valued at as of June 30, 2023, a premium of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized appreciation recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Nexus Buyer LLC ("IntraFi") changed from the yield method to a combination of yield method and market quotes, since market quotes were more active in the current period. As a result of the quoted price of the investment, the fair value of our investment in IntraFi decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for PGX Holdings, Inc. PGX for the First and Second Lien Term Loans changed from the yield method to the CVM method, due to a restructuring of the equity ownership during the current period. Leading into March 2023, PGX was undergoing a litigation process commenced by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau regarding the legality of PGX s billing practices when using telemarketing to acquire new business. Due to recent rulings issued by the courts in these legal proceedings, PGX determined it needed to move away from a telemarketing model to an online model to attract new customers. As a result of this material change to PGX s business model (which will take time to develop) and other impacts from the court rulings, PGX filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the District of Delaware in June 2023 and continues to navigate the on-going legal proceedings. Due to these factors, our investment in PGX First and Second Lien Term Loans decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of . The fair value at June 30, 2022 equaled its amortized cost. 
 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Research Now Group, Inc. Survey Sampling International LLC Research Now for the First Lien Term Loan changed from relying solely on market quotes to a combination of market quotes and the yield method since market quotes were less active in the current period. As a result of this change and a public credit rating downgrade, the fair value of our investment in Research Now First Lien Term Loan decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Rising Tide Holdings, Inc. West Marine changed from the yield approach to the CVM method, given the decline in company performance and increase in net leverage. As a result, the fair value of our investment in West Marine decreased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of to its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount of recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Securus Technologies Holdings, Inc. Securus for the First Lien Term Loan and Second Lien Term Loan changed from market quotes and the yield method, respectively, to a combination of the yield method and take out scenario given the likelihood of near-term refinancing/take-out at par. Market quotes were removed from the First Lien term loan as they were less active in the current period. As a result of the likelihood of a refinancing and take-out at par, the fair value of our investment in Securus increased to as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Spectrum Holdings III Corp Spectrum Holdings changed from the yield method to a combination of the yield method and takeout scenario given the likelihood of near-term takeout at par. As a result of the likelihood of this takeout, as well as improved fundamental performance, the fair value of our investment in Spectrum Holdings increased to as of June 30, 2023, a premium of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Town Country Holdings, Inc. Town Country for the First Lien Term Loan changed from the yield method to the CVM method, due to a restructuring of the equity ownership during the current period. As a result, our investment in Town Country First Lien Term Loan is as of June 30, 2023, which is equal to its amortized cost. The fair value of the investment at June 30, 2022 also equaled amortized cost. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, the valuation methodology for Vision Solutions, Inc Precisely changed from a combination of the yield method, market quotes, and inclusion of the price observed in a minority equity transaction for the Precisely investment itself (given the recency and inclusion of outside investors in the transaction at June 30, 2022) to rely solely on the yield method, since market quotes for the Second Lien Term Loan were less active in the current period and the 
 186 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

as of June 30, 2023, a discount of from its amortized cost, compared to the unrealized discount recorded at June 30, 2022. 
 Credit Quality Indicators and Undrawn Commitments 
 As of June 30, 2023, of our loans to portfolio companies, at fair value, bear interest at floating rates and have LIBOR or SOFR floors ranging from - . As of June 30, 2023, of our loans to portfolio companies, at fair value, bear interest at fixed rates ranging from to . As of June 30, 2022 , of our loans to portfolio companies, at fair value, bore interest at floating rates and have LIBOR floors ranging from to . As of June 30, 2022, of our loans to portfolio companies, at fair value, bore interest at fixed rates ranging from to 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , the cost basis of our loans on non-accrual status amounted to and respectively, with fair value of and , respectively. The fair values of these investments represent approximately and of our total assets at fair value as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Undrawn committed revolvers and delayed draw term loans to our portfolio companies incur commitment and unused fees ranging from to . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , we had and , respectively, of undrawn revolver and delayed draw term loan commitments to our portfolio companies. The fair value of our undrawn committed revolvers and delayed draw term loans was as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 as they were all floating rate instruments that repriced frequently. 
 National Property REIT Corp. 
 Prospect owns of the equity of NPH Property Holdings, LLC NPH ), a consolidated holding company which owns of the common equity of NPRC. 
 NPRC is a Maryland corporation and a qualified REIT for federal income tax purposes. NPRC was formed to hold for investment, operate, finance, lease, manage, and sell a portfolio of real estate assets and engage in any and all other activities as may be necessary, incidental or convenient to carry out the foregoing. NPRC acquires real estate assets, including, but not limited to, industrial, commercial, and multi-family properties. NPRC may acquire real estate assets directly or through joint ventures by making a majority equity investment in a property-owning entity JV ). Additionally, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, NPRC invests in online consumer loans and rated secured structured notes RSSN ). 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we received partial repayments of of our loans previously outstanding with NPRC and its wholly owned subsidiaries and as a return of capital on our equity investment in NPRC. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we provided of debt financing and of equity financing to fund purchase of a real estate property, to provide working capital, and to fund purchases of rated secured structured notes. 
 
 The online consumer loan investments held by certain of NPRC s wholly owned subsidiaries are unsecured obligations of individual borrowers that are issued in amounts ranging from to , with fixed terms ranging from months to months. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding investment in online consumer loans by certain of NPRC s wholly-owned subsidiaries was comprised of individual loans, residual interest in securitizations, and corporate bond, and had an aggregate fair value of . The average outstanding individual loan balance is approximately and the loans mature on dates ranging from July 1, 2023 to April 11, 2025 with a weighted-average outstanding term of months as of June 30, 2023. Fixed interest rates range from to with a weighted-average current interest rate of . As of June 30, 2023, our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries relating to online consumer lending had a fair value of . 
 As of June 30, 2023, based on outstanding principal balance, of the online consumer loan portfolio held by certain of NPRC s wholly-owned subsidiaries was invested in super prime loans (borrowers with a Fair Isaac Corporation FICO score, of 720 or greater), of the portfolio in prime loans (borrowers with a FICO score of 660 to 719) and of the portfolio in near prime loans (borrowers with a FICO score of 580 to 659, a portion of which are considered sub-prime). 
 - Prime - Near Prime - 
 Weighted by outstanding principal balance of the online consumer loans. 
 187 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

investments with a fair value of and face value of . The average outstanding note is approximately with an expected maturity date ranging from April 2026 to October 2033 and weighted-average expected maturity of years as of June 30, 2023. Coupons range from three-month SOFR 3M plus to with a weighted-average coupon of 3M + . As of June 30, 2023, our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries relating to rated secured structured notes had a fair value of . 
 As of June 30, 2023, based on outstanding notional balance, of the portfolio was invested in Single - B rated tranches and of the portfolio in BB rated tranches. 
 As of June 30, 2023, our investment in NPRC and its wholly owned subsidiaries had an amortized cost of and a fair value of , including our investment in online consumer lending and rated secured structured notes as discussed above. As of June 30, 2023, our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries relating to the real estate portfolio had a fair value of This portfolio was comprised of multi-family properties, student housing properties, senior living properties, and commercial properties. 
 2 Arlington Park Marietta, LLC Marietta, GA 5/8/2013 3 Taco Bell, OK Yukon, OK 6/4/2014 4 Taco Bell, MO Marshall, MO 6/4/2014 5 Abbie Lakes OH Partners, LLC Canal Winchester, OH 9/30/2014 6 Kengary Way OH Partners, LLC Reynoldsburg, OH 9/30/2014 7 Lakeview Trail OH Partners, LLC Canal Winchester, OH 9/30/2014 8 Lakepoint OH Partners, LLC Pickerington, OH 9/30/2014 9 Sunbury OH Partners, LLC Columbus, OH 9/30/2014 10 Heatherbridge OH Partners, LLC Blacklick, OH 9/30/2014 11 Jefferson Chase OH Partners, LLC Blacklick, OH 9/30/2014 12 Goldenstrand OH Partners, LLC Hilliard, OH 10/29/2014 13 SSIL I, LLC Aurora, IL 11/5/2015 14 Vesper Tuscaloosa, LLC Tuscaloosa, AL 9/28/2016 15 Vesper Iowa City, LLC Iowa City, IA 9/28/2016 16 Vesper Corpus Christi, LLC Corpus Christi, TX 9/28/2016 17 Vesper Campus Quarters, LLC Corpus Christi, TX 9/28/2016 18 Vesper College Station, LLC College Station, TX 9/28/2016 19 Vesper Kennesaw, LLC Kennesaw, GA 9/28/2016 20 Vesper Statesboro, LLC Statesboro, GA 9/28/2016 21 Vesper Manhattan KS, LLC Manhattan, KS 9/28/2016 22 9220 Old Lantern Way, LLC Laurel, MD 1/30/2017 23 7915 Baymeadows Circle Owner, LLC Jacksonville, FL 10/31/2017 24 8025 Baymeadows Circle Owner, LLC Jacksonville, FL 10/31/2017 25 23275 Riverside Drive Owner, LLC Southfield, MI 11/8/2017 26 23741 Pond Road Owner, LLC Southfield, MI 11/8/2017 27 150 Steeplechase Way Owner, LLC Largo, MD 1/10/2018 28 Olentangy Commons Owner LLC Columbus, OH 6/1/2018 29 Villages of Wildwood Holdings LLC Fairfield, OH 7/20/2018 30 Falling Creek Holdings LLC Richmond, VA 8/8/2018 31 Crown Pointe Passthrough LLC Danbury, CT 8/30/2018 32 Lorring Owner LLC Forestville, MD 10/30/2018 33 Hamptons Apartments Owner, LLC Beachwood, OH 1/9/2019 34 5224 Long Road Holdings, LLC Orlando, FL 6/28/2019 
 188 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

36 Bel Canto NPRC Parcstone LLC Fayetteville, NC 10/15/2019 37 Bel Canto NPRC Stone Ridge LLC Fayetteville, NC 10/15/2019 38 Sterling Place Holdings LLC Columbus, OH 10/28/2019 39 SPCP Hampton LLC Dallas, TX 11/2/2020 40 Palmetto Creek Holdings LLC North Charleston, SC 11/10/2020 41 Valora at Homewood Holdings LLC Homewood, AL 11/19/2020 42 NPRC Fairburn LLC Fairburn, GA 12/14/2020 43 NPRC Grayson LLC Grayson, GA 12/14/2020 44 NPRC Taylors LLC Taylors, SC 1/27/2021 45 Parkside at Laurel West Owner LLC Spartanburg, SC 2/26/2021 46 Willows at North End Owner LLC Spartanburg, SC 2/26/2021 47 SPCP Edge CL Owner LLC Webster, TX 3/12/2021 48 Jackson Pear Orchard LLC Ridgeland, MS 6/28/2021 49 Jackson Lakeshore Landing LLC Ridgeland, MS 6/28/2021 50 Jackson Reflection Pointe LLC Flowood, MS 6/28/2021 51 Jackson Crosswinds LLC Pearl, MS 6/28/2021 52 Elliot Apartments Norcross, LLC Norcross, GA 11/30/2021 53 Orlando 442 Owner, LLC (West Vue Apartments) Orlando, FL 12/30/2021 54 NPRC Wolfchase LLC Memphis, TN 3/18/2022 55 NPRC Twin Oaks LLC Hattiesburg. MS 3/18/2022 56 NPRC Lancaster LLC Birmingham, AL 3/18/2022 57 NPRC Rutland LLC Macon, GA 3/18/2022 58 Southport Owner LLC (Southport Crossing) Indianapolis, IN 3/29/2022 59 TP Cheyenne, LLC Cheyenne, WY 5/26/2022 60 TP Pueblo, LLC Pueblo, CO 5/26/2022 61 TP Stillwater, LLC Stillwater, OK 5/26/2022 62 TP Kokomo, LLC Kokomo, IN 5/26/2022 63 Terraces at Perkins Rowe JV LLC Baton Rouge, LA 11/14/2022 
 Unconsolidated Significant Subsidiaries 
 Our investments are generally in small and m id-sized companies in a variety of industries. In accordance with Regulation S-X 3-09 and Regulation S-X 4-08(g), we must determine which of our unconsolidated controlled portfolio companies are considered significant subsidiaries, if any, as defined in Rule 1-02(w)(2) for BDC s and closed end investment companies. Regulation S-X 3-09 requires separate audited financial statements of an unconsolidated subsidiary in an annual report. Regulation S-X 4-08(g) requires summarized financial information in an annual report. 
 NPRC is a significant subsidiary due to income for the years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021. We have attached the audited combined consolidated financial statements of NPRC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 as Exhibit 99.1 and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 as Exhibit 99.2. 
 189 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities 
 For the six months ended For the years ended December 31, Summary Statement of Operations (1) 6/30/2023 2022 2021 2020 Total revenue Gross Profit Net (loss) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) The fiscal year end of the portfolio company is December 31st compared to PSEC s June 30th fiscal year end. All amounts are unaudited. 
 
 First Tower Finance Company LLC First Tower Finance is not a significant subsidiary due to income for the year ended June 30, 2023. First Tower Finance is a significant subsidiary due to income for the year ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021. 
 Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities 
 For the six months ended For the years ended December 31, Summary Statement of Operations (1) 6/30/2023 2022 2021 2020 Total income Gross Profit Net (loss) income ) ) ) 
 (1) The fiscal year end of the portfolio company is December 31st compared to PSEC s June 30th fiscal year end. All amounts are unaudited. 
 190 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 4. 
 as of June 30, 2023. The Revolving Credit Facility includes an accordion feature which allows commitments to be increased up to in the aggregate. The extension and upsizing of the Revolving Credit Facility extended the maturity date to September 15, 2027 and the revolving period through September 15, 2026, followed by an additional one-year amortization period, with distributions allowed to Prospect after the completion of the revolving period. During such one-year amortization period, all principal payments on the pledged assets will be applied to reduce the balance. At the end of the one-year amortization period, the remaining balance will become due. 
 
 The Revolving Credit Facility contains restrictions pertaining to the geographic and industry concentrations of funded loans, maximum size of funded loans, interest rate payment frequency of funded loans, maturity dates of funded loans and minimum equity requirements, among other items. The Revolving Credit Facility also contains certain requirements relating to portfolio performance, including required minimum portfolio yield and limitations on delinquencies and charge-offs, violation of which could result in the early termination of the Revolving Credit Facility. As of June 30, 2023, we were in compliance with the applicable covenants of the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Interest on borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility is one-month SOFR plus basis points. Additionally, the lenders charge a fee on the unused portion of the credit facility equal to either basis points if more than 60 of the credit facility is drawn, basis points if more than 35 and an amount less than or equal to 60 of the credit facility is drawn, or basis points if an amount less than or equal to 35 of the credit facility is drawn. The Revolving Credit Facility requires us to pledge assets as collateral in order to borrow under the credit facility. As of June 30, 2023, the investments, including cash and cash equivalents, used as collateral for the Revolving Credit Facility had an aggregate fair value of , which represents of our total investments, including cash and cash equivalents. These assets are held and owned by PCF, a bankruptcy remote special purpose entity, and, as such, these investments are not available to our general creditors. As additional eligible investments are transferred to PCF and pledged under the Revolving Credit Facility, PCF will generate additional availability up to the current commitment amount of . The release of any assets from PCF requires the approval of the facility agent. 
 Average outstanding balance 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had and , respectively, available to us for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility, net of and outstanding borrowings as of the respective balance sheet dates. 
 In connection with the origination and amendments of the Revolving Credit Facility, we incurred of fees, all of which are being amortized over the term of the facility. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and , respectively, of the fees remain to be amortized and is reflected as deferred financing costs on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recorded , , and , respectively, of interest costs, unused fees and amortization of financing costs on the Revolving Credit Facility as interest expense. 
 191 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 5. 
 aggregate principal amount of convertible notes that matured on July 15, 2022 (the Original 2022 Notes ), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Original 2022 Notes bore interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 each year, beginning July 15, 2017. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Original 2022 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . On May 18, 2018, we issued an additional aggregate principal amount of convertible notes that matured on July 15, 2022 (the Additional 2022 Notes, and together with the Original 2022 Notes, the 2022 Notes ), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. The Additional 2022 Notes were a further issuance of, and were fully fungible and ranked equally in right of payment with, the Original 2022 Notes and bore interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 each year, beginning July 15, 2018. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2022 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . 
 During the year ended June 30, 2022, we commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash up to aggregate principal outstanding amount of the 2022 Notes at the purchase price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest. As a result, aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes were validly tendered and accepted and we recognized a realized loss of from the extinguishment of debt in the amount of the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the 2022 Notes, net of the proportionate amount of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 On July 14, 2022, we converted in outstanding principal amount of the 2022 Notes to shares of common stock at a rate of shares of common stock per principal amount, together with cash in lieu of fractional shares, in accordance with a Holder Conversion Notice. 
 As of June 30, 2022, the outstanding principal amount of the 2022 Notes was . On July 15, 2022 we repaid the remaining outstanding principal amount of of the 2022 Notes, plus interest, at maturity. 
 Following the maturity of the 2022 Notes during the year ended June 30, 2023, of the 2022 Notes remained outstanding. 
 2025 Notes 
 On March 1, 2019, we issued aggregate principal amount of senior convertible notes that mature on March 1, 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), unless previously converted or repurchased in accordance with their terms. We granted the underwriters a over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes. The underwriters fully exercised the over-allotment option on March 11, 2019 and we issued aggregate principal amount of 2025 Notes at settlement on March 13, 2019. The 2025 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 each year, beginning September 1, 2019. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes were and , respectively. 
 Initial conversion price Conversion rate at June 30, 2023(1)(2) Conversion price at June 30, 2023(2)(3) Last conversion price calculation date 3/1/2023 Dividend threshold amount (per share)(4) 
 (1) Conversion rates denominated in shares of common stock per principal amount of the Convertible Notes converted. 
 (2) Represents conversion rate and conversion price, as applicable, taking into account certain de minimis adjustments that will be made on the conversion date. 
 (3) The conversion price will increase only if the current monthly dividends (per share) exceed the dividend threshold amount (per share). 
 192 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Interest accrues from the date of the original issuance of the Convertible Notes or from the most recent date to which interest has been paid or duly provided. Upon conversion, the holder will receive a separate cash payment with respect to the notes surrendered for conversion representing accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the conversion date. Any such payment will be made on the settlement date applicable to the relevant conversion on the Convertible Notes. If a holder converts the Convertible Notes after a record date for an interest payment but prior to the corresponding interest payment date, the holder will receive shares of our common stock based on the conversion formula described above, a cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest through the record date in the normal course and a separate cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest from the record date to the conversion date. 
 No holder of Convertible Notes will be entitled to receive shares of our common stock upon conversion to the extent (but only to the extent) that such receipt would cause such converting holder to become, directly or indirectly, a beneficial owner (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) of more than 5.0 of the shares of our common stock outstanding at such time. The 5.0 limitation shall no longer apply following the effective date of any fundamental change. We will not issue any shares in connection with the conversion or redemption of the Convertible Notes which would equal or exceed 20 of the shares outstanding at the time of the transaction in accordance with NASDAQ rules. 
 Subject to certain exceptions, holders may require us to repurchase, for cash, all or part of their Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change at a price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes being repurchased plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, upon a fundamental change that constitutes a non-stock change of control we will also pay holders an amount in cash equal to the present value of all remaining interest payments (without duplication of the foregoing amounts) on such Convertible Notes through and including the maturity date. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Notes, we recorded a discount of and debt issuance costs of which are being amortized over the terms of the Convertible Notes. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and of the original issue discount and and , respectively, of the debt issuance costs remain to be amortized and is included as a reduction within Convertible Notes on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities. 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we recorded , , and , respectively, of interest costs and amortization of financing costs on the Convertible Notes as interest expense. 
 193 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 6. 
 aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on March 15, 2023 (the Original 2023 Notes ). The Original 2023 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2013. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Original 2023 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . On June 20, 2018, we issued an additional aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on March 15, 2023 (the Additional 2023 Notes , and together with the Original 2023 Notes, the 2023 Notes ). The Additional 2023 Notes were a further issuance of, and are fully fungible and rank equally in right of payment with, the Original 2023 Notes and bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2018. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2023 Notes, net of underwriting discounts, were . 
 On September 19, 2022, we commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at a price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest 2023 Notes September Tender Offer ). On September 23, 2022, aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes were validly tendered and accepted. On October 17, 2022, we commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at a price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest 2023 Notes October Tender Offer ). On October 26, 2022, aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes were validly tendered and accepted. On November 14, 2022, we commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of the then outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes at a price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest 2023 Notes November Tender Offer ). On November 23, 2022, aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes were validly tendered and accepted. As a result of 2023 Notes September, October, and November Tender Offers during the six months ended December 31, 2022, aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes were validly tendered and accepted, and we recognized a realized loss of from the extinguishment of debt in the amount of the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the 2023 Notes, net of the proportionate amount of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 As of June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes was . On March 15, 2023 we repaid the remaining outstanding principal amount of of the 2023 Notes, plus interest, at maturity. 
 Following the maturity of the 2023 Notes during the year ended June 30, 2023, of the 2023 Notes remained outstanding. 
 2024 Notes 
 On October 1, 2018, we issued aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on January 15, 2024 (the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on January 15 and July 15 of each year, beginning January 15, 2019. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . 
 During the year ended June 30, 2022, we commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash any and all of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes at a purchase price of , plus accrued and unpaid interest. As a result, aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes were validly tendered and accepted, and we recognized a loss of from the extinguishment of debt in the amount of the difference between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of the 2024 Notes, net of the proportionate amount of unamortized debt issuance costs. 
 As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes were and , respectively. 
 2029 Notes 
 On December 5, 2018, we issued aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on June 15, 2029 (the 2029 Notes ). The 2029 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable quarterly on March 15, June 15, September 15, and December 15 of each year, beginning March 19, 2019. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2029 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . On February 9, 2019, we entered into an ATM program with B. Riley FBR, Inc., BB T Capital Markets, and Comerica Securities, Inc., through which we could sell, by means of ATM offerings, up to in aggregate principal amount of our existing 2029 Notes 2029 Notes ATM or 2029 Notes Follow-on Program ). The 2029 Notes are listed on the NYSE and trade thereon under the ticker PBC. During the year ended June 30, 2019, we issued an additional aggregate principal amount under the 2029 Notes ATM, for net proceeds of , after commissions and offering costs. 
 194 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

of the aggregate principal amount of the 2029 Notes. The transaction resulted in our recognizing a loss of during the three months ended December 31, 2021. Following the redemption, of the 2029 Notes remained outstanding. 
 2026 Notes 
 On January 22, 2021, we issued aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on January 22, 2026 (the Original 2026 Notes ). The Original 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on July 22, and January 22 of each year, beginning on July 22, 2021. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . On February 19, 2021, we issued an additional aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on January 22, 2026 (the Additional 2026 Notes , and together with the Original 2026 Notes, the 2026 Notes ). The Additional 2026 Notes were a further issuance of, and are fully fungible and rank equally in right of payment with, the Original 2026 Notes and bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on July 22 and January 22 of each year, beginning July 22, 2021. Total proceeds from the issuance of the Additional 2026 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were and , respectively. 
 2026 Notes 
 On May 27, 2021, we issued aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on November 15, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on November 15, and May 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2021. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2026 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were and , respectively. 
 2028 Notes 
 On September 30, 2021, we issued aggregate principal amount of unsecured notes that mature on October 15, 2028 (the 2028 Notes ). The 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2022. Total proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 Notes, net of underwriting discounts and offering costs, were . As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes were and , respectively. 
 The 2023 Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 2026 Notes, the 2026 Notes, and the 2028 Notes (collectively, the Public Notes are direct unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Public Notes we recorded a discount of and debt issuance costs of , which are being amortized over the term of the notes. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and of the original issue discount and and , respectively, of the debt issuance costs remain to be amortized and are included as a reduction within Public Notes on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities . 
 During the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 we recorded , and , respectively, of interest costs and amortization of financing costs on the Public Notes as interest expense. 
 
 Note 7. 
 of Prospect Capital InterNotes (collectively with previously authorized selling agent agreements, the InterNotes Offerings ). On February 8, 2023, our Board of Directors reauthorized of Prospect Capital InterNotes for sale under the Selling Agent Agreement. Additional agents may be appointed by us from time to time in connection with the InterNotes Offering and become parties to the Selling Agent Agreement. We have, from time to time, repurchased certain notes issued through the InterNotes Offerings and, therefore, as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes were outstanding. 
 These notes are direct unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. Each series of notes will be issued by a separate trust. These notes bear interest at fixed interest rates and offer a variety of maturities no less than twelve months from the original date of issuance. 
 195 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes for net proceeds of . These notes were issued with stated interest rates ranging from to with a weighted average interest rate of . These notes will mature between October 15, 2025 and June 15, 2043. 
 
 October 15, 2025 June 15, 2026 
 July 15, 2027 October 15, 2027 
 December 15, 2028 June 15, 2029 
 September 15, 2032 June 15, 2033 May 15, 2043 June 15, 2043 
 During the year ended June 30, 2022, we issued aggregate principal amount of our Prospect Capital InterNotes for net proceeds of . These notes were issued with stated interest rates ranging from to with a weighted average interest rate of . These notes will mature between February 15, 2025 and March 15, 2052. 
 February 15, 2025 March 15, 2025 
 July 15, 2026 June 15, 2027 
 July 15, 2028 February 15, 2029 
 July 15, 2031 March 15, 2032 July 15, 2033 
 July 15, 2036 February 15, 2037 
 July 15, 2051 March 15, 2052 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we repaid aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes at par in accordance with the Survivor s Option of the InterNotes . As a result of these transactions, we recorded a loss in the amount of the unamortized debt issuance costs. The net loss on the extinguishment of Prospect Capital InterNotes in the year ended June 30, 2023 was . 
 
 196 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

January 15, 2024 June 15, 2026 
 January 15, 2026 October 15, 2027 
 June 15, 2027 June 15, 2029 
 January 15, 2028 February 15, 2029 
 June 15, 2029 July 15, 2029 
 August 15, 2029 June 15, 2033 
 June 15, 2033 July 15, 2033 
 July 15, 2036 February 15, 2037 
 January 15, 2031 April 15, 2031 
 November 15, 2032 June 15, 2043 
 November 15, 2038 May 15, 2039 
 November 15, 2042 March 15, 2052 Principal Outstanding Less Discounts Unamortized Debt Issuance ) Carrying Amount 
 During the year ended June 30, 2022, we repaid aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes at par in accordance with the Survivor s Option, as defined in the InterNotes Offering prospectus. In order to replace short maturity debt with longer-term debt, we redeemed aggregate principal amount of Prospect Capital InterNotes at par with a weighted average interest rate of . As a result of these transactions, we recorded a loss in the amount of the unamortized debt issuance costs. The net loss on the extinguishment of Prospect Capital InterNotes in the year ended June 30, 2022 was . 
 - 
 January 15, 2024 March 15, 2025 - 
 January 15, 2026 June 15, 2027 June 15, 2027 July 15, 2027 - 
 January 15, 2028 February 15, 2029 - 
 June 15, 2029 July 15, 2029 - 
 August 15, 2029 May 15, 2032 - 
 June 15, 2033 July 15, 2033 - 
 July 15, 2036 February 15, 2037 - 
 January 15, 2031 April 15, 2031 November 15, 2032 - 
 November 15, 2038 May 15, 2039 - 
 November 15, 2042 March 15, 2052 Principal Outstanding Less Discounts Unamortized debt issuance ) Carrying Amount 
 , and , respectively, of interest costs and amortization of financing costs on the Prospect Capital InterNotes as interest expense. 
 197 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 8. 
 based on the outstanding principal amount of our senior securities representing indebtedness of and our asset coverage ratio on our senior securities that are stock was . As of June 30, 2022, our asset coverage ratio stood at based on the outstanding principal amount of our senior securities representing indebtedness of and our asset coverage ratio on our senior securities that are stock was . Refer to Note 9, Equity Offerings, Offering Expenses and Distributions for additional discussion on our senior securities that are stock. 
 Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2015 Notes(4) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2016 Notes(5) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2017 Notes(6) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2018 Notes(7) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2019 Notes(9) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) 
 198 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 5.00 2019 Notes(10) 
 Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) 2020 Notes(13) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) 6.95 2022 Notes(8) 
 Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2022 Notes Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) 2023 Notes(11)(18) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 2024 Notes(14) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) 
 199 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) 2025 Notes Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) 2026 Notes Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) 3.364 2026 Notes 
 Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) 3.437 2028 Notes 
 Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) 2028 Notes(15) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) 2029 Notes(16) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Prospect Capital InterNotes Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 
 200 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

5.50 Preferred Stock Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) 5.35 Preferred Stock Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) All Senior Securities(11)(12) Fiscal 2023 (as of June 30, 2023) Fiscal 2022 (as of June 30, 2022) Fiscal 2021 (as of June 30, 2021) Fiscal 2020 (as of June 30, 2020) Fiscal 2019 (as of June 30, 2019) Fiscal 2018 (as of June 30, 2018) Fiscal 2017 (as of June 30, 2017) Fiscal 2016 (as of June 30, 2016) Fiscal 2015 (as of June 30, 2015) Fiscal 2014 (as of June 30, 2014) Fiscal 2013 (as of June 30, 2013) 
 
 (1) Except as noted, the total amount of each class of senior securities outstanding at the end of the year/period presented (in 000 s). 
 (2) The asset coverage ratio for a class of secured senior securities representing indebtedness is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by secured senior securities representing indebtedness. The asset coverage ratio for a class of unsecured senior securities representing indebtedness is inclusive of all senior securities representing indebtedness. With respect to the senior securities represented by indebtedness, this asset coverage ratio is multiplied by 1,000 to determine the Asset Coverage Per Unit. The asset coverage ratio for a class of senior securities representing preferred stock is calculated as our consolidated total assets, less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, divided by the sum of all senior securities representing indebtedness and the involuntary liquidation preference of senior securities representing preferred stock (the Total Asset Coverage Ratio ). With respect to the Preferred Stock, the Asset Coverage Per Unit figure is expressed in terms of a dollar amount per share of outstanding Preferred Stock (based on a per share liquidation preference of 25). The rows reflecting All Senior Securities reflect the Total Asset Coverage Ratio as the asset coverage ratio, and express Asset Coverage Per Unit as per 1,000 of indebtedness or per 1,000 of Preferred Stock liquidation preference. 
 (3) This column is inapplicable, except for the 6.95 2022 Notes, the 2024 Notes, the 2028 Notes, the 2029 Notes, and the 5.35 Preferred Stock. The average market value per unit is calculated as an average of quarter-end prices. With respect to the senior securities represented by indebtedness, the market value is shown per 1,000 of indebtedness. 
 (4) We repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2015 Notes on December 15, 2015. 
 (5) We repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2016 Notes on August 15, 2016. 
 (6) We repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2017 Notes on October 15, 2017. 
 (7) We repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2018 Notes on March 15, 2018. 
 (8) We redeemed the 6.95 2022 Notes on May 15, 2015. 
 (9) We repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2019 Notes on January 15, 2019. 
 (10) We redeemed the 5.00 2019 Notes on September 26, 2018. 
 (11) For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 or prior, the 2023 Notes and 6.375 2024 Notes are presented net of unamortized discount. 
 (12) While we do not consider commitments to fund under revolving arrangements to be Senior Securities, if we were to elect to treat such unfunded commitments, which were 47,875 as of June 30, 2023 as Senior Securities for purposes of Section 18 of the 1940 Act, our asset coverage per unit would be 1,841. 
 (13) We repaid the outstanding principal amount of the 2020 Notes on April 15, 2020. 
 (14) We redeemed the 2024 Notes on February 16, 2021. 
 (15) We redeemed the 2028 Notes on June 15, 2021. 
 (16) We redeemed the 2029 Notes on December 30, 2021. 
 (17) We redeemed the 2022 Notes on July 15, 2022. 
 
 201 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

(1) (2) 1M SOFR + (5) 2025 Notes (3) (6) Convertible Notes 2024 Notes (3) (6) 2026 Notes (3) (6) 2026 Notes (3) (6) 2028 Notes (3) (6) Public Notes Prospect Capital InterNotes (4) (7) Total 
 (1) Net Carrying Value excludes deferred financing costs associated with the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 2 for accounting policy details. 
 (2) The fair value of the Revolving Credit Facility is equal to its carrying value because the revolver is a floating rate facility that reprices to a market rate frequently. The fair value is categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820. 
 (3) We use available market quotes to estimate the fair value of the Convertible Notes and Public Notes. The fair value of these debt obligations are categorized as Level 1 under ASC 820. 
 (4) The fair value of Prospect Capital InterNotes is estimated by discounting remaining payments using current Treasury rates plus spread based on observable market inputs. The fair value of these debt obligations are categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820. 
 (5) Represents the rate on drawn down and outstanding balances. Deferred debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line method over the stated life of the obligation. 
 (6) The effective interest rate is equal to the effect of the stated interest, the accretion of original issue discount and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 (7) For the Prospect Capital InterNotes , the rate presented is the weighted average effective interest rate. Interest expense and deferred debt issuance costs, which are amortized on a straight-line method over the stated life of the obligation which approximates level yield, are weighted against the average year-to-date principal balance. 
 
 202 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

(1) (2) 1ML + (5) 2022 Notes (3) (6) 2025 Notes (3) (6) Convertible Notes 2023 Notes (3) (6) 2024 Notes (3) (6) 2026 Notes (3) (6) 2026 Notes (3) (6) 2028 Notes (3) (6) Public Notes Prospect Capital InterNotes 
 (4) (7) Total 
 
 (1) Net Carrying Value excludes deferred financing costs associated with the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 2 for accounting policy details. 
 (2) The fair value of the Revolving Credit Facility is equal to its carrying value because the revolver is a floating rate facility that reprices to a market rate frequently. The fair value is categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820. 
 (3) We use available market quotes to estimate the fair value of the Convertible Notes and Public Notes. The fair value of these debt obligations are categorized as Level 1 under ASC 820. 
 (4) The fair value of Prospect Capital InterNotes is estimated by discounting remaining payments using current Treasury rates plus spread based on observable market inputs. The fair value of these debt obligations are categorized as Level 2 under ASC 820. 
 (5) Represents the rate on drawn down and outstanding balances. Deferred debt issuance costs are amortized on a straight-line method over the stated life of the obligation. 
 (6) The effective interest rate is equal to the effect of the stated interest, the accretion of original issue discount and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 (7) For the Prospect Capital InterNotes , the rate presented is the weighted average effective interest rate. Interest expense and deferred debt issuance costs, which are amortized on a straight-line method over the stated life of the obligation which approximates level yield, are weighted against the average year-to-date principal balance. 
 Convertible Notes Public Notes Prospect Capital InterNotes Total Contractual Obligations 
 203 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 9. 
 shares, par value per share, of preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of per share. Such preferred stock will initially be issued in multiple series, including the Series A1 Preferred Stock Series A1 Preferred Stock ), the Series M1 Preferred Stock Series M1 Preferred Stock ), the Series M2 Preferred Stock Series M2 Preferred Stock ), the Series A3 Preferred Stock Series A3 Preferred Stock ), and the Series M3 Preferred Stock Series M3 Preferred Stock ). In connection with such offering, on August 3, 2020, June 9, 2022, October 11, 2022 and February 10, 2023 we filed Articles Supplementary with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland SDAT ), reclassifying and designating , , , and shares, respectively, of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock as Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 On October 30, 2020, and as amended on February 18, 2022, October 7, 2022 and February 10, 2023, we entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement with InspereX LLC, pursuant to which InspereX LLC has agreed to serve as the Company s agent and dealer manager for the Company s offering of up to shares, par value per share, of preferred stock, with a liquidation preference of per share. Such preferred stock will initially be issued in multiple series, including the Series AA1 Preferred Stock (the Series AA1 Preferred Stock ), the Series MM1 Preferred Stock (the Series MM1 Preferred Stock ), the Series AA2 Preferred Stock (the Series AA2 Preferred Stock ), and the Series MM2 Preferred Stock (the Series MM2 Preferred Stock and together with the Series M1 Preferred Stock, the Series M2 Preferred Stock, the Series M3 Preferred Stock, and the Series MM1 Preferred Stock, the Series M Preferred Stock , and the Series MM2 Preferred Stock, together with the Series AA2 Preferred Stock, the Series A3 Preferred Stock and the Series M3 Preferred Stock, the 6.50 Preferred Stock ). In connection with such offering, on October 30, 2020, February 17, 2022, and October 11, 2022, we filed Articles Supplementary with the SDAT, reclassifying and designating an additional shares of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock as Convertible Preferred Stock. On May 19, 2021, we entered into an Underwriting Agreement with UBS Securities LLC, relating to the offer and sale of shares, par value per share, of Series A2 Preferred Stock, with a liquidation preference of per share (the Series A2 Preferred Stock , and together with the Series A1 Preferred Stock, Series M1 Preferred Stock, Series M2 Preferred Stock, Series AA1 Preferred Stock, and Series MM1 Preferred Stock, the Preferred Stock ). The issuance of the Series A2 Preferred Stock settled on May 26, 2021. In connection with such offering, on May 19, 2021, we filed Articles Supplementary with the SDAT, reclassifying and designating an additional shares of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock as Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 
 In connection with the offerings of the Preferred Stock and the Preferred Stock, we adopted and amended, respectively, a preferred stock dividend reinvestment plan (the Preferred Stock Plan or the Preferred Stock DRIP ), pursuant to which holders of the Preferred Stock and the Preferred Stock will have dividends on their Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock automatically reinvested in additional shares of such Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock at a price per share of , if they elect. 
 
 Each series of Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock ranks (with respect to the payment of dividends and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) (a) senior to our common stock, (b) on parity with each other series of our preferred stock, and (c) junior to our existing and future secured and unsecured indebtedness . See Note 8, Fair Value and Maturity of Debt Outstanding for further discussion on our senior securities. 
 204 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock and the Preferred Stock on a national securities exchange, shares of the Preferred Stock and the Preferred Stock are convertible, at the option of the holder of the Preferred Stock and the Preferred Stock (the Holder Optional Conversion ). We will settle any Holder Optional Conversion by paying or delivering, as the case may be, (A) any portion of the Settlement Amount (as defined below) that we elect to pay in cash and (B) a number of shares of our common stock at a conversion rate equal to (1) (a) the Settlement Amount, minus (b) any portion of the Settlement Amount that we elect to pay in cash, divided by (2) the arithmetic average of the daily volume weighted average price of shares of our common stock over each of the five consecutive trading days ending on the Holder Conversion Exercise Date (such arithmetic average, the VWAP ). For the Series A1 Preferred Stock, the Series A3 Preferred Stock, the Series AA1 Preferred Stock, the Series AA2 Preferred Stock and the Series A2 Preferred Stock, Settlement Amount means (A) per share (the Stated Value ), plus (B) unpaid dividends accrued to, but not including, the Holder Conversion Exercise Date, minus (C) the applicable Holder Optional Conversion Fee for the respective Holder Conversion Deadline. For the Series M Preferred Stock, Settlement Amount means (A) the Stated Value, plus (B) unpaid dividends accrued to, but not including, the Holder Conversion Exercise Date, minus (C) the applicable Series M Clawback, if any. Series M Clawback , if applicable, means an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all dividends, whether paid or accrued, on such share of Series M Stock in the three full months prior to the Holder Conversion Exercise Date. Subject to certain limited exceptions, we will not pay any portion of the Settlement Amount in cash (other than cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock) until the anniversary of the date on which a share of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock has been issued. Beginning on the anniversary of the date on which a share of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock is issued, we may elect to settle all or a portion of any Holder Optional Conversion in cash without limitation or restriction. The right of holders to convert a share of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock will terminate upon the listing of such share on a national securities exchange. 
 Subject to certain limited exceptions allowing earlier redemption, beginning on the earlier of the anniversary of the date on which a share of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock has been issued, or, for listed shares of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock, from the earliest date on which any series that has been listed was first issued (the earlier of such dates, the Redemption Eligibility Date ), such share of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock may be redeemed at any time or from time to time at our option (the Issuer Optional Redemption ), at a redemption price of of the Stated Value of the shares of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock to be redeemed plus unpaid dividends accrued to, but not including, the date fixed for redemption. 
 Subject to certain limitations, each share of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock may be converted at our option (the Issuer Optional Conversion ). We will settle any Issuer Optional Conversion by paying or delivering, as the case may be, (A) any portion of the IOC Settlement Amount (as defined below) that we elect to pay in cash and (B) a number of shares of our common stock at a conversion rate equal to (1) (a) the IOC Settlement Amount, minus (b) any portion of the IOC Settlement Amount that we elect to pay in cash, divided by (2) the VWAP, subject to our ability to obtain or maintain any stockholder approval that may be required under the 1940 Act to permit us to sell our common stock below net asset value if the VWAP represents a discount to our net asset value per share of common stock. For the Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock, IOC Settlement Amount means (A) the Stated Value, plus (B) unpaid dividends accrued to, but not including, the date fixed for conversion. In connection with an Issuer Optional Conversion, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain or maintain any stockholder approval that may be required under the 1940 Act to permit us to sell our common stock below net asset value. If we do not have or obtain any required stockholder approval under the 1940 Act to sell our common stock below net asset value and the VWAP is at a discount to our net asset value per share of common stock, we will settle any conversions in connection with an Issuer Optional Conversion by paying or delivering, as the case may be, (A) any portion of the IOC Settlement Amount that we elect to pay in cash and (B) a number of shares of our common stock at a conversion rate equal to (1) (a) the IOC Settlement Amount, minus (b) any portion of the IOC Settlement Amount that we elect to pay in cash, divided by (2) the NAV per share of common stock at the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the date of conversion. We will not pay any portion of the IOC Settlement Amount from an Issuer Optional Conversion in cash (other than cash in lieu of fractional shares of our common stock) until the Redemption Eligibility Date. Beginning on the Redemption Eligibility Date, we may elect to settle any Issuer Optional Conversion in cash without limitation or restriction. In the event that we exercise an Issuer Optional Conversion with respect to any shares of Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock, the holder of such Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock may instead elect a Holder Optional Conversion with respect to such Preferred Stock or Preferred Stock provided that the date of conversion for such Holder Optional Conversion would occur prior to the date of conversion for an Issuer Optional Conversion. 
 On July 12, 2021, we entered into an underwriting agreement by and among us, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters, relating to the offer and sale of shares, or in aggregate liquidation preference, of our Series A Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series A Preferred Stock or 
 205 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock ), at a public offering price of per share. Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, we also granted the underwriters a option to purchase up to an additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock solely to cover over-allotments. The offer settled on July 19, 2021, and no additional shares of the Series A Preferred Stock were issued pursuant to the option. In connection with such offering, on July 15, 2021, we filed Articles Supplementary with SDAT, reclassifying and designating shares of the Company s authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock into shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock ranks (with respect to the payment of dividends and rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) (a) senior to our common stock, (b) on parity with each other series of our preferred stock, and (c) junior to our existing and future secured and unsecured indebtedness . See Note 8, Fair Value and Maturity of Debt Outstanding for further discussion on our senior securities. 
 We may from time to time seek to cancel or purchase our outstanding preferred stock through cash purchases and/or exchanges, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The amounts involved may be material. Any such purchases or exchanges of preferred stock would be subject to prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and regulatory restrictions and other factors. Our Board of Directors authorized us to repurchase our Series A Preferred Stock. The manner, price, volume and timing of preferred share repurchases are subject to a variety of factors, including market conditions and applicable SEC rules. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a total cost of approximately , including fees and commissions paid to the broker, representing an average repurchase price of per share. The difference in the consideration transferred and the net carrying value of the Series A Preferred Stock repurchased, which was , resulted in a gain applicable to common stock holders of approximately during the year ended June 30, 2023. The repurchased shares reverted to authorized but unissued shares of Series A Preferred Stock and thus the Company holds no treasury stock. 
 Subject to certain limited exceptions allowing earlier redemption, at any time after the close of business on July 19, 2026 (any such date, an Optional Redemption Date ), at our sole option, we may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in whole or, from time to time, in part, out of funds legally available for such redemption, at a price per share equal to the liquidation preference of per share, plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends on such shares (whether or not earned or declared, but excluding interest thereon) accumulated up to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption. We may also redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at any time, in whole or, from time to time, in part, including prior to the Optional Redemption Date, pro rata, based on liquidation preference, with all other series of our then outstanding preferred stock, in the event that our Board determines to redeem any series of our preferred stock, in whole or, from time to time, in part, because such redemption is deemed necessary by the Board to comply with the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act or for us to maintain RIC status. 
 In the event of a Change of Control Triggering Event (as defined below), we may, at our option, exercise our special optional redemption right to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within days after the first date on which such Change of Control Triggering Event has occurred by paying the liquidation preference, plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends on such shares (whether or not earned or declared, but excluding interest thereon) accumulated up to, but excluding, the date fixed for such redemption. To the extent that we exercise our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock will not be permitted to exercise the conversion right described below in respect of their shares called for redemption. 
 Except to the extent that we have elected to exercise our optional redemption right or our special optional redemption right by providing notice of redemption prior to the Change of Control Conversion Date (as defined below), upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Triggering Event, each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will have the right to convert some or all of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder on the Change of Control Conversion Date into a number of our shares of common stock per Series A Preferred Stock to be converted equal to the lesser of: 
 the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the Liquidation Preference per share plus an amount equal to all unpaid dividends thereon (whether or not earned or declared, but excluding interest thereon) accumulated up to, but excluding, the Change of Control Conversion Date (unless the Change of Control Conversion Date is after a Record Date for a Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment and prior to the corresponding Series A Preferred Stock dividend payment date, in which case no additional amount for such accrued and unpaid dividends will be included in this sum) by (ii) the Common Stock Price (as defined below); and 
 , subject to certain adjustments, 
 206 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

207 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock, Preferred Stock, and Series A Preferred Stock within temporary equity on our Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 Shares of the Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock will pay a monthly dividend, when and if declared by the Board, at a fixed annual rate of and , respectively, per annum of the Stated Value of per share (computed on the basis of a year consisting of months), payable in cash or through the issuance of additional Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock through the Preferred Stock DRIP and Preferred Stock DRIP, respectively. 
 Shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will pay a quarterly dividend, when and if declared by the Board, at a fixed annual rate of per annum of the Stated Value of per share (computed on the bases of a year consisting of months), payable in cash. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we distributed approximately and , respectively, to our Preferred Stock holders. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we distributed approximately to our Preferred Stock holders. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we distributed approximately and to our Series A Preferred Stock holders. 
 Preferred Stock holders, Preferred Stock holders, and Series A Preferred Stock holders for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, are summarized in the following table: 
 Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Amount per share), before pro ration for partial periods Amount Distributed Preferred Stock holders 
 5/6/2022 7/20/2022 8/1/2022 5/6/2022 8/17/2022 9/1/2022 8/23/2022 9/21/2022 10/3/2022 8/23/2022 10/19/2022 11/1/2022 8/23/2022 11/16/2022 12/1/2022 11/8/2022 12/21/2022 1/3/2023 11/8/2022 1/18/2023 2/1/2023 11/8/2022 2/15/2023 3/1/2023 2/8/2023 3/22/2023 4/3/2023 2/8/2023 4/19/2023 5/1/2023 2/8/2023 5/18/2023 6/1/2023 5/9/2023 6/21/2023 7/3/2023 Distributions for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 208 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

5/7/2021 8/18/2021 9/1/2021 8/24/2021 9/15/2021 10/1/2021 8/24/2021 10/20/2021 11/1/2021 8/24/2021 11/17/2021 12/1/2021 11/5/2021 12/15/2021 1/3/2022 11/5/2021 1/19/2022 2/1/2022 11/5/2021 2/16/2022 3/1/2022 2/7/2022 3/23/2022 4/1/2022 2/7/2022 4/20/2022 5/2/2022 2/7/2022 5/18/2022 6/1/2022 5/6/2022 6/22/2022 7/1/2022 Distributions for the year ended June 30, 2022 Preferred Stock holders 
 11/8/2022 11/16/2022 12/1/2022 11/8/2022 12/21/2022 1/3/2023 11/8/2022 1/18/2023 2/1/2023 11/8/2022 2/15/2023 3/1/2023 2/8/2023 3/22/2023 4/3/2023 2/8/2023 4/19/2023 5/1/2023 2/8/2023 5/18/2023 6/1/2023 5/9/2023 6/21/2023 7/3/2023 Distributions for the year ended June 30, 2023 Preferred Stock holders 
 5/6/2022 7/20/2022 8/1/2022 8/23/2022 10/19/2022 11/1/2022 11/8/2022 1/18/2023 2/1/2023 2/8/2023 4/19/2023 5/1/2023 Distributions for the year ended June 30, 2023 8/24/2021 10/20/2021 11/1/2021 11/5/2021 1/19/2022 2/1/2022 2/7/2022 4/20/2022 5/2/2022 Distributions for the year ended June 30, 2022 
 The above table includes dividends paid during the year ended June 30, 2023. It does not include distributions previously declared to the Preferred Stock holders, Preferred Stock holders, and Series A Preferred Stock holders of record for any future dates, as those amounts are not yet determinable. The following dividends were previously declared and will be recorded and paid subsequent to June 30, 2023: 
 per share (before pro ration for partial period holders of record) for Preferred Stock holders of record on July 19, 2023 with a payment date of August 1, 2023. 
 per share (before pro ration for partial period holders of record) for Preferred Stock holders of record on August 16, 2023 with a payment date of September 1, 2023. 
 209 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

per share (before pro ration for partial period holders of record) for Preferred Stock holders of record on July 19, 2023 with a payment date of August 1, 2023. 
 per share (before pro ration for partial period holders of record) for Preferred Stock holders of record on August 16, 2023 with a payment date of September 1, 2023. 
 per share (before pro ration for partial period holders of record) for Series A Preferred Stock holders of record on July 19, 2023 with a payment date of August 1, 2023. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have accrued approximately and in dividends that have not yet been paid for our Preferred Stock holders and Series A Preferred Stock holders, respectively. 
 (1) (1) (4) Series M1 (1) (1) (4) Series M2 (1) (1) Series A3 (1) (1) (4) Series M3 (1) (1) (4) Series AA1 (2) (2) Series MM1 (2) (2) Series AA2 (2) (2) Series MM2 (2) (2) Series A2 Series A (5) Total (3) (3) (6) 
 (1) The maximum offering of shares and aggregate liquidation preference is for any combination of Series A1, Series M1, Series M2, Series A3, and Series M3 shares. (2) The maximum offering of shares and aggregate liquidation preference is for any combinations of Series AA1, Series MM1, Series AA2, and Series MM2. (3) The authorized maximum offering size of Preferred Stock as of June 30, 2023 is shares, par value per share, with an aggregate liquidation preference of , a liquidation preference of per share. The totals referenced in the above table are in light of the combined maximum offering amounts for the various series of shares identified in footnote 1 and footnote 2 and the table columns are not intended to foot. (4) Preferred Stock shares outstanding is calculated as shares issued under the respective offering program, net of additional shares issued through the Preferred Stock DRIP and net of Preferred Stock conversions to common stock through the Holder Optional Redemption and Optional Redemption Upon Death of Holder. Refer to subsequent tables for respective fiscal year activity. (5) Preferred Stock shares outstanding is calculated as shares issued under the respective offering program net of shares repurchased via open market purchases. Refer to subsequent tables for respective fiscal year activity. (6) Does not foot due to rounding. 
 The following table shows our outstanding Preferred Stock as of June 30, 2022: 
 Series Maximum Offering Size (Shares) Maximum Aggregate Liquidation Preference of Offering Inception to Date Preferred Shares Issued via Offering Inception to Date Liquidation Preference of Shares Issued Preferred Stock Shares Outstanding Liquidation Preference of Shares Outstanding Series A1 (1) (1) (4) Series M1 (1) (1) (4) Series M2 (1) (1) Series AA1 (2) (2) Series MM1 (2) (2) Series A2 Series A Total (3) (3) (5) 
 210 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

shares and aggregate liquidation preference is for any combinations of Series A1, Series M1, and Series M2 shares. (2) The maximum offering of shares and aggregate liquidation preference is for any combinations of Series AA1 and Series MM1. (3) The authorized maximum offering size of Preferred Stock as of June 30, 2022 is shares, par value per share, with an aggregate liquidation preference of , a liquidation preference of per share. The totals referenced in the above table are in light of the combined maximum offering amounts for the various series of shares identified in footnote 1 and footnote 2 and the table columns are not intended to foot. (4) Preferred Stock shares outstanding is calculated as shares issued under the respective offering program, net of additional shares issued through the Preferred Stock DRIP and Preferred Stock converted to common stock through the Holder Optional Redemption and Optional Redemption Upon Death of Holder. Refer to subsequent tables for respective fiscal year activity. (5) Does not foot due to rounding. 
 Preferred Stock issued prior to the issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock has a carrying value equal to liquidation value per share on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . Subsequent issuances of our Preferred Stock classified as temporary equity are recorded net of issuance costs. The carrying value is inclusive of cumulative accrued and unpaid dividends as of June 30, 2023. 
 ) (2) Series M1 ) Series A3 ) Series M3 ) Series A2 ) Series A ) Total (2) (3) (2) ) (2) 
 (1) During the year ended June 30, 2023, shares of the Preferred Stock and Preferred Stock were converted to common shares via Holder Optional Redemptions and Optional Redemptions Upon Death of Holder and of the Series A Preferred Stock were repurchased via open market purchases. 
 (2) Does not foot or crossfoot due to fractional share rounding. 
 (3) During the year ended June 30, 2023, we issued shares of Preferred Stock for net proceeds of with a liquidation value of . 

The following tables show such activity during the year ended June 30, 2022: 
 Series June 30, 2021 Shares Outstanding Shares Issued Shares issued through Preferred Stock DRIP Shares Converted to Common (1) 
 June 30, 2022 Shares Outstanding Series A1 ) Series M1 ) Series A2 Series A Total (2) ) 
 (1) Convert to common shares via Holder Optional Redemptions and Optional Redemption Upon Death of Holder. 
 (2) During the year ended June 30, 2022, we issued shares of Preferred Stock for net proceeds of with a liquidation value of . 
 
 211 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

and Preferred Stock Holder Optional Conversion and Optional Redemptions Following Death of a Holder. When our common stock is issued, the related offering expenses have been charged against paid-in capital in excess of par. All underwriting fees and offering expenses were borne by us. 
 On August 24, 2011, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase plan (the Repurchase Program under which we may repurchase up to of our common stock at prices below our net asset value per share. Prior to any repurchase, we are required to notify stockholders of our intention to purchase our common stock. 
 We did repurchase any shares of our common stock under the Repurchase Program for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. As of June 30, 2023, the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program is . 
 Excluding common stock dividend reinvestments and shares issued in connection with the and Preferred Stock Holder Optional Conversion and Optional Redemption Upon Death of Holder, during the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we did issue any shares of our common stock. 
 On February 9, 2016, we amended our common stock dividend reinvestment plan that provided for reinvestment of our dividends or distributions on behalf of our stockholders, unless a stockholder elects to receive cash, to add the ability of stockholders to purchase additional common shares by making optional cash investments. Under the revised dividend reinvestment and direct common stock repurchase plan, stockholders may elect to purchase additional common shares through our transfer agent in the open market or in negotiated transactions. 
 On April 17, 2020, our Board of Directors approved further amendments to our common stock dividend reinvestment plan, effective May 21, 2020, that principally provide for the number of newly-issued shares of our common stock to be credited to a stockholder s account shall be determined by dividing the total dollar amount of the distribution payable to such common stockholder by of the market price per share of our common stock at the close of regular trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date fixed by the Board of Directors for such distribution (which shall be the last business day before the payment date). 
 On June 9, 2023, at a special meeting of stockholders, our stockholders authorized us to sell shares of our common stock (during the next 12 months) at a price or prices below our net asset value per share at the time of sale in one or more offerings, subject to certain conditions as set forth in the proxy statement relating to the special meeting (including that the number of shares sold on any given date does not exceed of its outstanding common stock immediately prior to such sale). 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we distributed approximately and , respectively, to our common stockholders. 
 212 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

5/6/2022 8/29/2022 9/21/2022 8/23/2022 9/28/2022 10/20/2022 8/23/2022 10/27/2022 11/17/2022 11/8/2022 11/28/2022 12/20/2022 11/8/2022 12/28/2022 1/19/2023 11/8/2022 1/27/2023 2/16/2023 2/8/2023 2/24/2023 3/22/2023 2/8/2023 3/29/2023 4/19/2023 2/8/2023 4/26/2023 5/18/2023 5/9/2023 5/26/2023 6/21/2023 5/9/2023 6/28/2023 7/20/2023 Total declared and payable for the year ended June 30, 2023 5/7/2021 7/28/2021 8/19/2021 5/7/2021 8/27/2021 9/23/2021 8/24/2021 9/28/2021 10/21/2021 8/24/2021 10/27/2021 11/18/2021 11/5/2021 11/26/2021 12/23/2021 11/5/2021 12/29/2021 1/20/2022 11/5/2021 1/27/2022 2/17/2022 2/7/2022 2/24/2022 3/22/2022 2/7/2022 3/29/2022 4/20/2022 2/7/2022 4/27/2022 5/19/2022 5/6/2022 5/27/2022 6/21/2022 5/6/2022 6/28/2022 7/20/2022 Total declared and payable for the year ended June 30, 2022 
 Dividends and distributions to common stockholders are recorded on the ex-dividend date. As such, the table above includes distributions with record dates during year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. It does not include distributions previously declared to common stockholders of record on any future dates, as those amounts are not yet determinable. The following dividends were previously declared and will be recorded and payable subsequent to June 30, 2023: 
 per share for July 2023 holders of record on July 27, 2023 with a payment date of August 22, 2023. 
 per share for August 2023 holders of record on August 29, 2023 with a payment date of September 20, 2023. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we issued and shares of our common stock, respectively, in connection with the common stock dividend reinvestment plan. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, Prospect officers and directors purchased shares of our common stock, or of total outstanding shares as of June 30, 2023, both through the open market transactions and shares issued in connection with our common stock dividend reinvestment plan. 
 shares of our common stock for issuance upon conversion of the Convertible Notes (see Note 5) and shares of our common stock for issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and the Preferred Stock. 
 213 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 10. 
 
 Royalty, net profit and revenue interests Administrative agent fees Total other income 
 
 Note 11. 
 Preferred Stock, for the Preferred Stock (Refer to Note 9) and, beginning on July 1, 2022, for the 2025 Notes (Refer to Note 5). 
 Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on July 1, 2022, for the purpose of calculating diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations applicable to common stockholders per share for the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company utilized the if-converted method, which assumes full share settlement for the aggregate value of the 2025 Notes, the Preferred Stock, and the Preferred Stock. Under the allowed modified retrospective method, diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations applicable to common stockholders per share for prior periods were not restated to reflect the impact of ASU 2020-06. Diluted earnings per share excludes all dilutive potential common shares if their effect is anti-dilutive. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, conversion of our convertible instruments has an anti-dilutive effect and therefore, conversion is not assumed.) Adjustment for dividends on Convertible Preferred Stock Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations - diluted (1) 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Assumed conversion of Convertible Preferred Stock Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Earnings (loss) per share - basic ) Earnings (loss) per share - diluted ) 
 (1) Under the allowed modified retrospective method of adoption, conversion of the Convertible Notes is not assumed and diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations applicable to common stockholders per share for periods prior to July 1, 2022 were not restated to reflect the adoption of ASU 2020-06 in the current year. 
 214 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 12. 
 
 Capital gain Return of capital Total distributions paid to common stockholders 
 
 The Company began issuing shares of Preferred Stock and declaring dividends on shares Preferred Stock outstanding during the tax year ended August 31, 2021. The tax character of dividends paid to preferred stockholders during the tax years ended August 31, 2022 and August 31, 2021 were as follows: 
 Tax Year Ended August 31, 2022 2021 Ordinary income Capital gain Return of capital Total distributions paid to preferred stockholders 
 For the tax year ending August 31, 2023, the tax character of distributions paid to stockholders through August 31, 2023 is expected to be ordinary income and return of capital. However, due to the difference between our fiscal and tax year ends, the final determination of the tax character of distributions between ordinary income and return of capital will not be made until we file our tax return for the tax year ending August 31, 2023. 
 Taxable income generally differs from net increase in net assets resulting from operations for financial reporting purposes due to temporary and permanent differences in the recognition of income and expenses, and generally excludes net unrealized gains or losses, as unrealized gains or losses are generally not included in taxable income until they are realized. 
 215 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

) Net realized losses on investments Net unrealized (gains) losses on investments ) ) Other temporary book-to-tax differences (1) 
 ) ) ) Permanent differences ) Taxable income before deductions for distributions 
 (1) 
 (1) Temporary book-to-tax differences include timing recognition of CLO income, flow-through investment income/loss, and dividend income from portfolio companies 
 
 As of our most recent tax year ended August 31, 2022, we had of undistributed ordinary income in excess of cumulative distributions and capital gain in excess of cumulative distributions. 
 Capital losses in excess of capital gains earned in a tax year may generally be carried forward and used to offset capital gains, subject to certain limitations. As of our most recent tax year ended August 31, 2022, we had capital loss carryforwards available for use in later tax years. While our ability to utilize losses in the future depends upon a variety of factors that cannot be known in advance, some of the Company s capital loss carryforwards may become permanently unavailable due to limitations by the Code. 
 Undistributed long-term capital gains Capital loss carryforwards 
 As of June 30, 2023, the cost basis of investments for tax purposes was resulting in an estimated net unrealized loss of . A s of June 30, 2022, the cost basis of investments for tax purposes was resulting in an estimated net unrealized gain of . As of June 30, 2023, the gross unrealized gains and losses were and , respectively. As of June 30, 2022, the gross unrealized gains and losses were and , respe ctively. Due to the difference between our fiscal year end and tax year end, the cost basis of our investments for tax purposes as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was calculated based on the book cost of investments as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, with cumulative book-to-tax adjustments for investments through August 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Tax unrealized appreciation Tax unrealized depreciation Net unrealized appreciation(depreciation) ) 
 In general, we may make certain adjustments to the classification of net assets as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which may include merger-related items, differences in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and nondeductible federal excise taxes, among other items. During the tax year ended August 31, 2022, we increased total distributable earnings by and decreased capital in excess of par value by . During the tax year ended August 31, 2021, we increased total distributable loss by and increased capital in excess of par value by . Due to the difference between our fiscal and tax year end, the reclassifications for the taxable year ended August 31, 2022, once finalized, will be recorded in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023 and the reclassifications for the taxable year ended August 31, 2021 were recorded in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 216 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 13. 
 on our total assets. For services currently rendered under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. The total gross base management fee incurred to the favor of the Investment Adviser was , and during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 The incentive fee has parts. The first part, the income incentive fee, is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence and consulting fees and other fees that we receive from portfolio companies) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, expenses payable under the Administration Agreement described below, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital gains or losses. Pre-incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a hurdle rate of per quarter annualized). 
 The net investment income used to calculate this part of the incentive fee is also included in the amount of the gross assets used to calculate the base management fee. We pay the Investment Adviser an income incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: 
 No incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; 
 of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than of the quarterly hurdle rate in any calendar quarter annualized assuming a annualized hurdle rate); and 
 of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds of the quarterly hurdle rate in any calendar quarter annualized assuming a annualized hurdle rate). 
 These calculations are appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months and adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current quarter. 
 217 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

of our realized capital gains for the calendar year, if any, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation at the end of such year. In determining the capital gains incentive fee payable to the Investment Adviser, we calculate the aggregate realized capital gains, aggregate realized capital losses and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, as applicable, with respect to each investment that has been in our portfolio. For the purpose of this calculation, an investment is defined as the total of all rights and claims which may be asserted against a portfolio company arising from our participation in the debt, equity, and other financial instruments issued by that company. Aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equal the sum of the differences between the aggregate net sales price of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate realized capital losses equal the sum of the amounts by which the aggregate net sales price of each investment is less than the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment when sold or otherwise disposed. Aggregate unrealized capital depreciation equals the sum of the differences, if negative, between the aggregate valuation of each investment and the aggregate amortized cost basis of such investment as of the applicable calendar year-end. At the end of the applicable calendar year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains incentive fee involves netting aggregate realized capital gains against aggregate realized capital losses on a since-inception basis and then reducing this amount by the aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. If this number is positive, then the capital gains incentive fee payable is equal to of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains incentive fees paid since inception. 
 The total income incentive fee incurred was , and during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. capital gains incentive fee was incurred during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. Income incentive fee for the year ended June 30, 2022 includes a adjustment for fees earned in prior periods that were neither expensed nor paid to the Investment Adviser. No such adjustment was made during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2021, respectively. 
 Administration Agreement 
 We have also entered into an administration agreement (the Administration Agreement with Prospect Administration under which Prospect Administration, among other things, provides (or arranges for the provision of) administrative services and facilities for us. For providing these services, we reimburse Prospect Administration for our allocable portion of overhead incurred by Prospect Administration in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and her staff, including the internal legal staff. Under this agreement, Prospect Administration furnishes us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services at such facilities. Prospect Administration also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Prospect Administration assists us in determining and publishing our net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Under the Administration Agreement, Prospect Administration also provides on our behalf managerial assistance to certain portfolio companies (see Managerial Assistance section below). The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other party. Prospect Administration is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Investment Adviser. 
 The Administration Agreement provides that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, Prospect Administration and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of Prospect Administration s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as administrator for us. Our payments to Prospect Administration are reviewed quarterly by our Board of Directors. 
 The allocation of net overhead expense from Prospect Administration was , and for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Prospect Administration received estimated payments of , and directly from our portfolio companies and certain funds managed by the Investment Adviser for legal, tax, and other administrative services during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, we were given a credit in the amount of for legal expense incurred on behalf of our portfolio companies that were remitted to Prospect Administration during the year ended June 30, 2023. We were given a credit for these payments as a reduction of the 
 218 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

, and , respectively, from our portfolio companies for managerial assistance and subsequently remitted these amounts to Prospect Administration. 
 On January 13, 2020 (amended on August 2, 2022), we received an exemptive order from the SEC (the Order ), which superseded a prior co-investment exemptive order granted on February 10, 2014, that gave us the ability to negotiate terms other than price and quantity of co-investment transactions with other funds managed by the Investment Adviser or certain affiliates, including Priority Income Fund, Inc. and Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (f/k/a Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc.), where co-investing would otherwise be prohibited under the 1940 Act, subject to the conditions included therein. 
 Under the terms of the relief permitting us to co-invest with other funds managed by our Investment Adviser or its affiliates, a required majority (as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act) of our independent directors must make certain conclusions in connection with a co-investment transaction, including that (1) the terms of the proposed transaction, including the consideration to be paid, are reasonable and fair to us and our stockholders and do not involve overreaching of us or our stockholders on the part of any person concerned and (2) the transaction is consistent with the interests of our stockholders and is consistent with our investment objective and strategies. In certain situations where a co-investment with one or more funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates is not covered by the Order, such as when there is an opportunity to invest in different securities of the same issuer, the personnel of the Investment Adviser or its affiliates will need to decide which fund will proceed with the investment. Such personnel will make these determinations based on policies and procedures, which are designed to reasonably ensure that investment opportunities are allocated fairly and equitably among affiliated funds over time and in a manner that is consistent with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, when relying on the Order, we will be unable to invest in any issuer in which one or more funds managed by the Investment Adviser or its affiliates has previously invested. 
 , and , respectively. Conversely, Priority Income Fund, Inc. and Prospect Floating Rate and Alternative Income Fund, Inc. (f/k/a Prospect Sustainable Income Fund, Inc.) reimburse us for software fees, expenses which were initially incurred by Prospect. 
 219 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 14. 
 of the equity of CP Holdings of Delaware LLC CP Holdings ), a Consolidated Holding Company. CP Holdings owns of the equity of CP Energy Services, Inc. CP Energy ), and the remaining equity is owned by CP Energy management. CP Energy owns directly or indirectly of each of CP Well; Wright Foster Disposals, LLC; Foster Testing Co., Inc.; ProHaul Transports, LLC; and Wright Trucking, Inc. CP Energy provides oilfield flowback services and fluid hauling and disposal services through its subsidiaries. In June 2019, CP Energy purchased a controlling interest in the common equity of Spartan Energy Holdings, Inc. Spartan Holdings ), which owns of Spartan Energy Services, LLC Spartan a portfolio company of Prospect with in first lien term loans (the Spartan Term Loans due to us as of June 30, 2023. As a result of CP Energy s purchase, and given Prospect s controlling interest in CP Energy, our Spartan Term Loans are presented as control investments under CP Energy beginning June 30, 2019. Spartan remains the direct borrow and guarantor to Prospect for the Spartan Term Loans. 
 In December 2019, Wolf Energy Holdings, Inc. Wolf Energy Holdings ), our Consolidated Holding Company that previously owned of Appalachian Energy LLC AEH Wolf Energy Services Company, LLC Wolf Energy Services and Wolf Energy, LLC (collectively our previously controlled membership interest and net profit interest investments in Wolf Energy ), merged with and into CP Energy, with CP Energy continuing as the surviving entity. CP Energy acquired of our equity investment in Wolf Energy, which is reflected in our valuation of the CP Energy common stock beginning December 31, 2019. 
 Interest Income from Spartan 
 Total Interest Income Other Income Administrative Agent Total Other Income Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (1) 
 Realized Gain 
 1) Paid from CP Energy to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to CP Energy (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK CP Energy Spartan Total Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable Return of Capital 
 220 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Other Receivables (3) 
 
 (2) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (3) Represents amounts due from CP Energy and Spartan to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of CP Energy and Spartan. 
 
 Credit Central Loan Company, LLC 
 Prospect owns of the equity of Credit Central Holdings of Delaware, LLC Credit Central Delaware ), a Consolidated Holding Company. Credit Central Delaware owns of the equity of Credit Central Loan Company, LLC (f/k/a Credit Central Holdings, LLC) Credit Central ), with entities owned by Credit Central management owning the remaining equity. Credit Central owns of each of Credit Central, LLC; Credit Central South, LLC; Credit Central of Texas, LLC; and Credit Central of Tennessee, LLC. Credit Central is a branch-based provider of installment loans. 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (2) 
 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from Credit Central to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. (2) Paid from Credit Central to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to Credit Central (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA.) 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Accreted Original Issue Discount Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from Credit Central to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of Credit Central. 
 221 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

of the membership interests of Echelon Transportation LLC Echelon ). Echelon owns of the equity of AerLift Leasing Limited AerLift ). 
 
 Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (2) 
 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from Echelon to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. (2) Paid from Echelon to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to Echelon (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from Echelon to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of Echelon. 
 Energy Solutions Holdings Inc. 
 Prospect owns of the equity of Energy Solutions Holdings Inc. (f/k/a Gas Solutions Holdings Inc.) Energy Solutions ), a Consolidated Holding Company. Energy Solutions owns of each of Change Clean Energy Company, LLC (f/k/a Change Clean Energy Holdings, LLC) Change Clean Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC (f/k/a Freedom Marine Services Holdings, LLC) Freedom Marine and Yatesville Coal Company, LLC (f/k/a Yatesville Coal Holdings, LLC) Yatesville ). Change Clean owns of each of Change Clean Energy, LLC and Down East Power Company, LLC, and of BioChips LLC. Freedom Marine owns of each of Vessel Company, LLC (f/k/a Vessel Holdings, LLC) Vessel Vessel Company II, LLC (f/k/a Vessel Holdings II, LLC) Vessel II and Vessel Company III, LLC (f/k/a Vessel Holdings III, LLC) Vessel III ). Yatesville owns of North Fork Collieries, LLC. 
 
 Energy Solutions owns interests in companies operating in the energy sector. These include companies operating offshore supply vessels, ownership of a non-operating biomass electrical generation plant and several coal mines. Energy Solutions subsidiaries formerly owned interests in gathering and processing business in east Texas. 
 
 Transactions between Prospect and Freedom Marine are separately discussed below under Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC. 
 First Tower Finance Company LLC 
 Prospect owns of the equity of First Tower Holdings of Delaware LLC First Tower Delaware ), a Consolidated Holding Company. First Tower Delaware holds of the voting interest of First Tower Finance Company LLC First Tower Finance ), resulting in a ownership of First Tower Finance. First Tower Finance owns of First Tower, LLC First Tower ), a multiline specialty finance company. 
 
 222 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Other Income Structuring Fee Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (2) 
 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from First Tower to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. 
 (2) Paid from First Tower to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to First Tower (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from First Tower to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of First Tower. 
 
 Freedom Marine Solutions, LLC 
 As discussed above, Prospect owns of the equity of Energy Solutions, a Consolidated Holding Company. Energy Solutions owns of Freedom Marine. Freedom Marine owns of each of Vessel, Vessel II, and Vessel III. 
 
 (1) During the year ended June 30, 2023, Prospect provided of equity funding to support growth in Freedom Marine s loan portfolio. 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Other Receivables 
 
 InterDent, Inc. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2018, Prospect exercised its rights and remedies under its loan documents to exercise the shareholder voting rights in respect of the stock of InterDent, Inc. InterDent and to appoint a new Board of Directors of InterDent, all the members of which are our Investment Adviser s professionals. As a result, Prospect s investment in InterDent is classified as a control investment. 
 
 223 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (2) 
 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from InterDent to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. (2) Paid from InterDent to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to InterDent (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions 
 Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from InterDent to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of InterDent. 
 
 Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort 
 
 Prospect owns of the membership interest of Kickapoo Ranch Pet Resort Kickapoo ). Kickapoo is a luxury pet boarding facility. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Other Receivables (1) 
 
 (1) Represents amounts due from Kickapoo to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of Kickapoo 
 
 MITY, Inc. 
 Prospect owns of the equity of MITY Holdings of Delaware Inc. MITY Delaware ), a Consolidated Holding Company. 
 MITY Delaware owns of the equity of MITY, Inc. (f/k/a MITY Enterprises, Inc.) MITY ). MITY owns of each of MITY-Lite, Inc. MITY-Lite Broda USA, Inc. (f/k/a Broda Enterprises USA, Inc.) Broda USA and Broda Enterprises ULC Broda Canada ). MITY is a designer, manufacturer and seller of multipurpose room furniture and specialty healthcare seating products. 
 224 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

of the equity. MITY FSC does not have material operations. This entity earns commission payments from MITY-Lite based on its sales to foreign customers, and distributes it to its shareholder. We recognize such commission, if any, as other income. 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (2) 
 Realized (Loss) Gain ) 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from MITY to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. (2) Paid from Mity to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to Mity (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from MITY to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of MITY. 
 National Property REIT Corp. 
 Prospect owns of the equity of NPH Property Holdings, LLC NPH ), a consolidated holding company. NPH owns of the common equity of National Property REIT Corp. NPRC ). 
 NPRC is a Maryland corporation and a qualified REIT for federal income tax purposes. In order to qualify as a REIT, NPRC issued shares of Series A Cumulative Non-Voting Preferred Stock to accredited investors. The preferred stockholders are entitled to receive cumulative dividends semi-annually at an annual rate of and do not have the ability to participate in the management or operation of NPRC. 
 NPRC was formed to hold for investment, operate, finance, lease, manage, and sell a portfolio of real estate assets and engage in any and all other activities as may be necessary, incidental or convenient to carry out the foregoing. NPRC acquires real estate assets, including, but not limited to, industrial, commercial, and multi-family properties. NPRC may acquire real estate assets directly or through joint ventures by making a majority equity investment in a property-owning entity (the JV ). Additionally, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, NPRC invests in online consumer loans and rated secured structured notes RSSN ). 
 Effective November 14, 2022, we amended the terms of our credit agreement to increase our investment in NPRC and its wholly-owned subsidiaries through a new Senior Secured Term Loan E TLE ). During the six months ended December 31, 
 225 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

and in TLE and equity financing, respectively. NPRC used the proceeds to fund the purchase of a real estate property. 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, we received partial repayments of of our loans previously outstanding with NPRC and its wholly owned subsidiaries and as a return of capital on our equity investment in NPRC. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we provided of debt financing and of equity financing to fund purchase of a real estate property, to provide working capital, and to fund purchases of rated secured structured notes. 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Royalty, net profit and revenue interests Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (2) 
 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from NPRC to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. 
 (2) Paid from NPRC to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to NPRC (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable Return of Capital 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from NPRC to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of NPRC. 
 226 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

of the membership interests of Nationwide Acceptance Holdings LLC Nationwide Holdings ), a Consolidated Holding Company. Nationwide Holdings owns of the equity of Nationwide Loan Company LLC Nationwide ), with members of Nationwide management owning the remaining of the equity. 
 Dividend Income (1) 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (2) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (3) 
 
 (1) All dividends were paid from earnings and profits of Nationwide. 
 (2) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from Nationwide to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. (3) Paid from Nationwide to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to Nationwide (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of Loan Receivable 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (4) 
 Other Receivables (5) 
 
 (4 Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (5) Represents amounts due from Nationwide to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of Nationwide. 
 NMMB, Inc. 
 Prospect owns of the equity of NMMB Holdings, Inc. NMMB Holdings ), a Consolidated Holding Company. NMMB Holdings owns and of the fully-diluted equity of NMMB, Inc. (f/k/a NMMB Acquisition, Inc.) NMMB as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , respectively, with NMMB management owning the remaining equity. NMMB owns of Refuel Agency, Inc. Refuel Agency ). Refuel Agency owns of Armed Forces Communications, Inc. Armed Forces ). NMMB is an advertising media buying business. 
 227 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Dividend Income (1) 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (2) 
 Realized Loss ) Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (3) 
 
 (1) All dividends were paid from earnings and profits of NMMB. 
 (2) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from NMMB to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. 
 (3) Paid from NMMB to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to NMMB (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Repayment of loan receivable Repayment from NMMB Total Repayment of Loan Receivable 0 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (4) 
 Other Receivables (5) 
 
 (4) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (5) Represents amounts due from NMMB to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of NMMB. 
 
 Pacific World Corporation 
 Prospect owns of the preferred equity of Pacific World Corporation Pacific World ), which represents a ownership interest of Pacific World as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , respectively. As a result, Prospect s investment in Pacific World is classified as a control investment. 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Total Other Income Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. 
 
 228 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Interest Income Capitalized as PIK 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (1) 
 Other Receivables (2) 
 
 (1) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (2) Represents amounts due from Pacific World to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of Pacific World. 
 R-V Industries, Inc. 
 Prospect owns of the fully-diluted equity of R-V Industries, Inc. R-V ), with R-V management owning the remaining of the equity. On December 15, 2020 we restructured our Senior Subordinated Note with R-V into a First Lien Note. No realized gain or loss was recorded as a result of the transaction. 
 Dividend Income (1) 
 Other Income Advisory Fee 
 Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (2) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (3) 
 
 (1) All dividends were paid from earnings and profits of R-V. (2) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from R-V to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. 
 (3) Paid from R-V to PA as reimbursement for legal, tax, and portfolio level accounting services provided directly to R-V (No direct income recognized by Prospect, but we were given a credit for these payments as a reduction to the administrative services payable by Prospect to PA). 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (4) 
 Other Receivables (5) 
 
 (4) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (5) Represents amounts due from R-V to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of R-V. 
 
 Universal Turbine Parts, LLC 
 
 On December 10, 2018, UTP Holdings Group, Inc. UTP Holdings purchased all of the voting stock of Universal Turbine Parts, LLC UTP and appointed a new Board of Directors to UTP Holdings, consisting of employees of the Investment Advisor. At the time UTP Holdings acquired UTP, UTP Holdings (f/k/a Harbortouch Holdings of Delaware) was a wholly- 
 229 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Managerial Assistance (1) 
 Realized Gain 
 (1) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from UTP to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Repayment of Loan Receivable 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (2) 
 Other Receivables (3) 
 
 (2) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (3) Represents amounts due from UTP to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of UTP. 
 USES Corp. 
 On June 15, 2016, we provided additional debt financing to USES Corp. United States Environmental Services or USES and its subsidiaries in the form of additional Term Loan A debt and, in connection with such Term Loan A debt financing, USES issued to us shares of its common stock. On June 29, 2016, we provided additional debt financing to USES and its subsidiaries in the form of additional Term Loan A debt and, in connection with such Term Loan A debt financing, USES issued to us shares of its common stock. As a result of such debt financing and recapitalization, as of June 29, 2016, we held shares of USES common stock representing a common equity ownership interest in USES. As such, USES became a controlled company on June 30, 2016. 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK 
 
 230 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Other Receivables (2) 

(1) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (2) Represents amounts due from USES to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of USES. 
 
 Valley Electric Company, Inc. 
 Prospect owns of the common stock of Valley Electric Holdings I, Inc. Valley Holdings I ), a Consolidated Holding Company. Valley Holdings I owns of Valley Electric Holdings II, Inc. Valley Holdings II ), a Consolidated Holding Company. Valley Holdings II owns of Valley Electric Company, Inc. Valley Electric ), with Valley Electric management owning the remaining of the equity. Valley Electric owns of the equity of VE Company, Inc., which owns of the equity of Valley Electric Co. of Mt. Vernon, Inc. Valley ), a leading provider of specialty electrical services in the state of Washington and among the top 50 electrical contractors in the United States. 
 Interest Income from Valley Electric 
 Total Interest Income Dividend Income (1) 
 Other Income Structuring Fee 
 Royalty, net profit and revenue interests Total Other Income Managerial Assistance (2) 
 Reimbursement of Legal, Tax, etc. (4) 
 
 (1) All dividends were paid from earnings and profits. (2) No income recognized by Prospect. MA payments were paid from Valley Electric to Prospect and subsequently remitted to PA. 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 June 30, 2021 Additions Interest Income Capitalized as PIK Repayment of loan receivable ) 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Interest Receivable (3) 
 Other Receivables (4) 
 
 (3) Interest income recognized but not yet paid. 
 (4) Represents amounts due from Valley Electric to Prospect for reimbursement of expenses paid by Prospect on behalf of Valley Electric. 
 
 231 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 15. 
 
 232 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 16. 
 
 Net investment income(1) Net realized and change in unrealized gains (losses)(1) ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) from operations ) (5) ) Distributions of net investment income to preferred stockholders ) (4) ) (11) (10) Distributions of capital gains to preferred stockholders (4)(10) ) (11) Total distributions to preferred stockholders ) ) Net increase (decrease) from operations applicable to common stockholders (5) ) Distributions of net investment income to common stockholders ) (4) ) (11) ) (9) ) (7) ) Distributions of capital gains to common stockholders ) (4) ) (11) Return of capital to common stockholders (4) ) ) (9) ) (7) Total distributions to common stockholders ) ) ) ) ) Common stock transactions(2) ) ) ) ) ) Offering costs from issuance of preferred stock ) ) Reclassification of preferred stock issuance costs(6) Net asset value per common share at end of year (5) (5) (5) Per share market value at end of year Total return based on market value(3) Total return based on net asset value(3) Shares of common stock outstanding at end of year Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding Ratios/Supplemental Data Net assets at end of year Portfolio turnover rate Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets applicable to common shares(8) Ratio of net investment income to average net assets applicable to common shares(8) 
 (1) Per share data amount is based on the basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year/period presented (except for dividends to stockholders which is based on actual rate per share). Realized gains (losses) is inclusive of net realized losses (gains) on investments, realized losses (gains) from extinguishment of debt and realized gains from the repurchase of preferred stock. 
 (2) Common stock transactions include the effect of our issuance of common stock in public offerings (net of underwriting and offering costs), shares issued in connection with our common stock dividend reinvestment plan, common shares issued to acquire investments, common shares repurchased below net asset value pursuant to our Repurchase Program, and common shares issued pursuant to the Holder Optional Conversion of our Preferred Stock a nd Preferred Stock. 
 (3) Total return based on market value is based on the change in market price per common share between the opening and ending market prices per share in each period and assumes that common stock dividends are reinvested in accordance with our common stock dividend reinvestment plan. Total return based on net asset value is based upon the change in net asset value per common share between the opening and ending net asset values per common share in each period and assumes that dividends are reinvested in accordance with our common stock dividend reinvestment plan. For periods less than a year, total return is not annualized. 
 (4) Tax character of distributions is not yet finalized for the respective fiscal period and will not be finalized until we file our tax return for our tax year ending August 31, 2023. Refer to Note 12. 
 (5) Does not foot due to rounding. 
 233 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

. 
 234 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Note 17. 
 December 31, 2020 March 31, 2021 June 30, 2021 September 30, 2021 December 31, 2021 March 31, 2022 June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) September 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) March 31, 2023 ) ) ) ) June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Per share amounts are calculated using the basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period presented and does not reflect the assumed conversion of dilutive securities (basic earnings per common share). The sum of the quarterly per share amounts above will not necessarily equal the per share amounts for the fiscal year. 

Note 18. 
 Preferred Stock for holders of record on the following dates based on an annual rate equal to of the Stated Value of per share as set forth in the Articles Supplementary for the Preferred Stock, from the date of issuance or, if later from the most recent dividend payment date (the first business day of the month, with no additional dividend accruing in October as a result), as follows: 
 Monthly Cash Preferred Shareholder Distribution 
 Record Date Payment Date Monthly Amount per share), before pro ration for partial periods September 2023 9/20/2023 10/2/2023 October 2023 10/18/2023 11/1/2023 November 2023 11/15/2023 12/1/2023 
 235 

PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Preferred Stock for holders of record on the following dates based on an annual rate equal to of the Stated Value of per share as set forth in the Articles Supplementary for the Preferred Stock, from the date of issuance or, if later from the most recent dividend payment date (the first business day of the month, with no additional dividend accruing in October as a result), as follows: 
 Monthly Cash Preferred Shareholder Distribution 
 Record Date Payment Date Monthly Amount per share), before pro ration for partial periods September 2023 9/20/2023 10/2/2023 October 2023 10/18/2023 11/1/2023 November 2023 11/15/2023 12/1/2023 
 On August 29, 2023, we announced the declaration of quarterly dividends for our Preferred Stock for holders of record on the following dates based on an annual rate equal to of the Stated Value of per share as set forth in the Articles Supplementary for the Preferred Stock, from the date of issuance or, if later from the most recent dividend payment date, as follows: 
 
 Quarterly Cash Preferred Shareholder Distribution 
 Record Date Payment Date Amount per share) August 2023 - October 2023 10/18/2023 11/1/2023 
 On August 29, 2023, we announced the declaration of monthly dividends on our common stock as follows: 
 Monthly Cash Common Shareholder Distribution Record Date Payment Date Amount per share) September 2023 9/27/2023 10/19/2023 October 2023 10/27/2023 11/20/2023 
 
 236 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of June 30, 2023, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and provided reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management was necessarily required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management performed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based upon criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023 based on Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Remediation of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022, a material weakness in our internal controls existed as of June 30, 2022, relating to the operation of the management review control over the evaluation of collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), including management s review procedures over the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in performing those review procedures. Additionally, we identified a material weakness relating to our control environment and monitoring activities; specifically, with respect to senior management s commitment to the control environment principles and involvement in evaluating internal control deficiencies in a timely and appropriate manner. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we implemented the following controls to improve our internal controls over financial reporting to address these material weaknesses: 
 Enhanced existing controls that address the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the performance of management review controls over the valuation of CLOs; 
 Enhanced policies and procedures to retain adequate documentary evidence for certain management review controls over the valuation of CLOs, including precision of review and evidence of review procedures performed to demonstrate effective operation of such controls; 
 Enhanced policies and procedures to adequately demonstrate a commitment to improving our overall control environment and develop proper monitoring controls around timely evaluation and communication of internal control deficiencies to those parties responsible for taking corrective action, including senior management and the board of directors, as appropriate. 
 237 

These enhanced controls resulted in an improved internal control environment that have been implemented for a sufficient length of time for management to conclude, through testing the design and operating effectiveness of these controls, that we have fully remediated the material weaknesses. 
 
 Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm, BDO USA, P.C., as auditor of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all control issues or misstatements. Accordingly, our controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our control system are met. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become adequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control 
 Other than the controls implemented to remediate the previously identified material weaknesses described above there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 238 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Prospect Capital Corporation 
 New York, New York 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Prospect Capital Corporation (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria establishe d in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Com mittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of the Company, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and temporary equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated September 8, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ BDO USA, P.C. New York, New York September 8, 2023 
 
 239 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 The below table sets forth each class of our outstanding securities as of September 7, 2023: 
 Title of Class of Securities Amount Authorized Amount Held by Registrant or for its Account Amount Outstanding Exclusive of Amount held by Registrant or for its Account Common Stock shares Preferred Stock shares 2025 Notes 201,250 6.375 2024 Notes 100,000 2026 Notes 400,000 3.364 2026 Notes 300,000 3.437 2028 Notes 300,000 Prospect Capital InterNotes 1,000,000 
 240 

Financial Highlights 
 The financial highlights for each of the five years ended June 30, 2023 are presented within Note 16. Financial Highlights within our consolidated financial statements. The following is a schedule of financial highlights for each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2018, June 30, 2017, June 30, 2016, June 30, 2015, and June 30, 2014: 
 Year Ended June 30, 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 Per Share Data Net asset value at beginning of year 9.32 9.62 10.31 10.56 10.72 Net investment income(1) 0.79 0.85 1.04 1.03 1.19 Net realized and change in unrealized (losses)(1) 0.04 (0.15) (0.75) (0.05) (0.13) Net increase from operations 0.83 0.70 0.29 0.98 1.06 Distributions of net investment income (0.77) (1.00) (1.00) (1.19) (1.32) Common stock transactions(2) (0.03) (4) 0.02 (0.04) 0.10 Net asset value at end of year 9.35 9.32 9.62 10.31 10.56 Per share market value at end of year 6.71 8.12 7.82 7.37 10.63 Total return based on market value(3) (7.42 16.80 21.84 (20.84 10.88 Total return based on net asset value(3) 12.39 8.98 7.15 11.47 10.97 Shares of common stock outstanding at end of year 364,409,938 360,076,933 357,107,231 359,090,759 342,626,637 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding 361,456,075 358,841,714 356,134,297 353,648,522 300,283,941 Ratios/Supplemental Data Net assets at end of year 3,407,047 3,354,952 3,435,917 3,703,049 3,618,182 Portfolio turnover rate 30.70 23.65 15.98 21.89 15.21 Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets 11.08 11.57 11.95 11.66 11.11 Ratio of net investment income to average net assets 8.57 8.96 10.54 9.87 11.18 
 
 (1) Per share data amount is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the year/period presented (except for dividends to shareholders which is based on actual rate per share). 
 (2) Common stock transactions include the effect of our issuance of common stock in public offerings (net of underwriting and offering costs), shares issued in connection with our dividend reinvestment plan, shares issued to acquire investments and shares repurchased below net asset value pursuant to our Repurchase Program. 
 (3) Total return based on market value is based on the change in market price per share between the opening and ending market prices per share in each period and assumes that dividends are reinvested in accordance with our dividend reinvestment plan. Total return based on net asset value is based upon the change in net asset value per share between the opening and ending net asset values per share in each period and assumes that dividends are reinvested in accordance with our dividend reinvestment plan. 
 (4) Amount is less than 0.01. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 241 

The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 242 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 1. Financial Statements See the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules The financial statements of National Property REIT Corp. required by Rule 3-09 of Regulation S-X will be provided as Exhibit 99.1 and Exhibit 99.2 to this report. 
 3. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC (according to the number assigned to them in Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 
 Exhibit No. 
 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement(1) 
 3.2 Articles of Amendment(499) 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation (500) 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation (501) 
 3.5 Certificate of Correction to the Articles Supplementary of Prospect Capital Corporation(502) 
 3.6 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(509) 
 3.7 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(511) 
 3.8 Certificate of Correction to Articles Supplementary of Prospect Capital Corporation(512) 
 3.9 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(513) 
 3.10 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(520) 
 3.11 Amended and Restated Bylaws(3) 
 3.12 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(537) 
 3.13 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(538) 
 3.14 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(546) 
 4.1 Form of Share Certificate(2) 
 4.2 Form of Indenture(9) 
 4.3 Indenture dated as of December 21, 2010 relating to the 6.25 Senior Convertible Notes, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee and Form of 6.25 Senior Convertible Note due 2015(7) 
 4.4 Indenture dated as of February 18, 2011 relating to the 5.50 Senior Convertible Notes, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee(8) 
 4.5 Form of 5.50 Senior Convertible Note due 2016(6) 
 4.6 Indenture dated as of February 16, 2012, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee(10) 
 4.7 First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 1, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of February 16, 2012, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee and Form of 7.00 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(10) 
 4.8 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 8, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of February 16, 2012, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Trustee(11) 
 4.9 Joinder Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 8, 2012, to the Indenture dated as of February 16, 2012, by and among the Registrant, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Original Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Series Trustee and Form of 6.900 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(11) 
 4.10 Agreement of Resignation, Appointment and Acceptance dated as of March 12, 2012, by and among the Registrant, American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as Retiring Trustee, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Successor Trustee (the U.S. Bank Indenture )(12) 
 4.11 Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 5, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.850 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(14) 
 4.12 Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 12, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(15) 
 4.13 Indenture dated as of April 16, 2012 relating to the 5.375 Senior Convertible Notes, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee(16) 
 4.14 Form of 5.375 Senior Convertible Note due 2017(17) 
 
 243 

4.15 Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 26, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(18) 
 4.16 Indenture dated as of August 14, 2012 relating to the 5.75 Senior Convertible Notes, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee(19) 
 4.17 Form of 5.75 Senior Convertible Note due 2018(20) 
 4.18 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 27, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.850 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(21) 
 4.19 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 4, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(22) 
 4.20 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(23) 
 4.21 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2042(23) 
 4.22 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(24) 
 4.23 Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(24) 
 4.24 Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2042(24) 
 4.25 Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 6, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(25) 
 4.26 Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 6, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2042(25) 
 4.27 Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(26) 
 4.28 Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2042(26) 
 4.29 Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 20, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(27) 
 4.30 Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 20, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2042(27) 
 4.31 Indenture dated as of December 21, 2012, by and between the Registrant and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee and Form of Global Note 5.875 Convertible Senior Note Due 2019(28) 
 4.32 Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 28, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(29) 
 4.33 Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 28, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(29) 
 4.34 Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 28, 2012, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2042(29) 
 4.35 Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(30) 
 4.36 Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(30) 
 4.37 Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(30) 
 4.38 Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(31) 
 4.39 Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(31) 
 4.40 Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(31) 
 4.41 Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 17, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(32) 
 4.42 Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 17, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(32) 
 4.43 Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 17, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(32) 
 
 244 

4.44 Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(33) 
 4.45 Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(33) 
 4.46 Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(33) 
 4.47 Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(34) 
 4.48 Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(34) 
 4.49 Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(34) 
 4.50 Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(35) 
 4.51 Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(35) 
 4.52 Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(35) 
 4.53 Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(36) 
 4.54 Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(36) 
 4.55 Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(36) 
 4.56 Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(37) 
 4.57 Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(37) 
 4.58 Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(37) 
 4.59 Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(38) 
 4.60 Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(38) 
 4.61 Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(38) 
 4.62 Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(39) 
 4.63 Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.125 to 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(39) 
 4.64 Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(39) 
 4.65 Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of Floating Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(39) 
 4.66 Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(40) 
 4.67 Form of Global Note 5.875 Senior Note due 2023(41) 
 4.68 Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(42) 
 4.69 Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.125 to 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(42) 
 4.70 Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(42) 
 4.71 Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of Floating Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(42) 
 4.72 Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(43) 
 4.73 Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.125 to 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(43) 
 
 245 

4.74 Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(43) 
 4.75 Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of Floating Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(43) 
 4.76 Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(44) 
 4.77 Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 to 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(44) 
 4.78 Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(44) 
 4.79 Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of Floating Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(44) 
 4.80 Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(45) 
 4.81 Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(45) 
 4.82 Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(45) 
 4.83 Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of Floating Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(45) 
 4.84 Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(46) 
 4.85 Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(46) 
 4.86 Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(46) 
 4.87 Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(47) 
 4.88 Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(47) 
 4.89 Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(47) 
 4.90 Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 2, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(48) 
 4.91 Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 2, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(48) 
 4.92 Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 2, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(48) 
 4.93 Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(49) 
 4.94 Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(49) 
 4.95 Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(49) 
 4.96 Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(50) 
 4.97 Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(50) 
 4.98 Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(50) 
 4.99 One Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 to 7.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(50) 
 4.100 One Hundred-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(51) 
 4.101 One Hundred-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(51) 
 4.102 One Hundred-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(51) 
 
 246 

4.103 One Hundred-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(52) 
 4.104 One Hundred-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(52) 
 4.105 One Hundred-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(52) 
 4.106 One Hundred-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 to 7.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(52) 
 4.107 One Hundred-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(53) 
 4.108 One Hundred-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(53) 
 4.109 One Hundred-Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(53) 
 4.110 One Hundred-Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(54) 
 4.111 One Hundred-Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(54) 
 4.112 One Hundred-Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(54) 
 4.113 One Hundred-Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(55) 
 4.114 One Hundred-Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(55) 
 4.115 One Hundred-Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(56) 
 4.116 One Hundred-Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(56) 
 4.117 One Hundred-Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(56) 
 4.118 One Hundred-Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(56) 
 4.119 One Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(57) 
 4.120 One Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(57) 
 4.121 One Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(57) 
 4.122 One Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(57) 
 4.123 One Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(58) 
 4.124 One Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(58) 
 4.125 One Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(58) 
 4.126 One Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(58) 
 4.127 One Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(59) 
 4.128 One Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(59) 
 4.129 One Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(59) 
 4.130 One Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(59) 
 4.131 One Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(60) 
 
 247 

4.132 One Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(60) 
 4.133 One Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(60) 
 4.134 One Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(60) 
 4.135 One Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(61) 
 4.136 One Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(61) 
 4.137 One Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(61) 
 4.138 One Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(61) 
 4.139 One Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(62) 
 4.140 One Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(62) 
 4.141 One Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(62) 
 4.142 One Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(62) 
 4.143 One Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(63) 
 4.144 One Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(63) 
 4.145 One Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(63) 
 4.146 One Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(63) 
 4.147 One Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(64) 
 4.148 One Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(64) 
 4.149 One Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(64) 
 4.150 One Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 6, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(64) 
 4.151 One Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(65) 
 4.152 One Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(65) 
 4.153 One Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(65) 
 4.154 One Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(65) 
 4.155 One Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(66) 
 4.156 One Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(66) 
 4.157 One Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(66) 
 4.158 One Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(66) 
 4.159 One Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(67) 
 4.160 One Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(67) 
 
 248 

4.161 One Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(67) 
 4.162 One Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(67) 
 4.163 One Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(68) 
 4.164 One Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(68) 
 4.165 One Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(68) 
 4.166 One Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(68) 
 4.167 One Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(69) 
 4.168 One Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(69) 
 4.169 One Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(69) 
 4.170 One Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(69) 
 4.171 One Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(70) 
 4.172 One Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(70) 
 4.173 One Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(70) 
 4.174 One Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(70) 
 4.175 One Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2016(71) 
 4.176 One Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(71) 
 4.177 One Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(71) 
 4.178 One Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(71) 
 4.179 One Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(71) 
 4.180 One Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(72) 
 4.181 One Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(72) 
 4.182 One Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(72) 
 4.183 One Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(72) 
 4.184 One Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(72) 
 4.185 One Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(73) 
 4.186 One Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(73) 
 4.187 One Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(73) 
 4.188 One Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(73) 
 4.189 One Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(73) 
 
 249 

4.190 One Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(74) 
 4.191 One Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(74) 
 4.192 One Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(74) 
 4.193 One Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(74) 
 4.194 One Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(74) 
 4.195 One Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(75) 
 4.196 One Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(75) 
 4.197 One Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(75) 
 4.198 Two Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(75) 
 4.199 Two Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(75) 
 4.200 Two Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(76) 
 4.201 Two Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(76) 
 4.202 Two Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(76) 
 4.203 Two Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(76) 
 4.204 Two Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(76) 
 4.205 Two Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(77) 
 4.206 Two Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(77) 
 4.207 Two Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(77) 
 4.208 Two Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(77) 
 4.209 Two Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(78) 
 4.210 Two Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(78) 
 4.211 Two Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(78) 
 4.212 Two Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(78) 
 4.213 Two Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(79) 
 4.214 Two Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(79) 
 4.215 Two Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(79) 
 4.216 Two Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(79) 
 4.217 Two Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2017(80) 
 4.218 Two Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(80) 
 
 250 

4.219 Two Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(80) 
 4.220 Two Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2013, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2038(80) 
 4.221 Two Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(81) 
 4.222 Two Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(81) 
 4.223 Two Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(81) 
 4.224 Two Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(81) 
 4.225 Two Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(81) 
 4.226 Two Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(82) 
 4.227 Two Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(82) 
 4.228 Two Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(82) 
 4.229 Two Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(82) 
 4.230 Two Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(82) 
 4.231 Two Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(83) 
 4.232 Two Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(83) 
 4.233 Two Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(83) 
 4.234 Two Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(83) 
 4.235 Two Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(83) 
 4.236 Two Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(84) 
 4.237 Two Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(84) 
 4.238 Two Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(84) 
 4.239 Two Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(84) 
 4.240 Two Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(84) 
 4.241 Two Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(85) 
 4.242 Two Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(85) 
 4.243 Two Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(85) 
 4.244 Two Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(85) 
 4.245 Two Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(85) 
 4.246 Two Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(86) 
 4.247 Two Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(86) 
 
 251 

4.248 Two Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(86) 
 4.249 Two Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(86) 
 4.250 Two Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(86) 
 4.251 Two Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(87) 
 4.252 Two Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(87) 
 4.253 Two Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(87) 
 4.254 Two Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(87) 
 4.255 Two Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(87) 
 4.256 Two Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 19, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.75 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(88) 
 4.257 Two Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(89) 
 4.258 Two Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(89) 
 4.259 Two Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(89) 
 4.260 Two Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(89) 
 4.261 Two Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 21, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(89) 
 4.262 Two Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(90) 
 4.263 Two Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(90) 
 4.264 Two Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(90) 
 4.265 Two Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(90) 
 4.266 Two Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(90) 
 4.267 Two Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as March 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(91) 
 4.268 Two Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(91) 
 4.269 Two Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(91) 
 4.270 Two Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(91) 
 4.271 Two Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 6, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(91) 
 4.272 Supplement No. 1 to the Two Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.75 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(92) 
 4.273 Two Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as March 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(93) 
 4.274 Two Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(93) 
 4.275 Two Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(93) 
 4.276 Two Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(93) 
 
 252 

4.277 Two Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 13, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(93) 
 4.278 Two Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as March 20, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(94) 
 4.279 Two Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 20, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(94) 
 4.280 Two Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 20, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(94) 
 4.281 Two Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 20, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(94) 
 4.282 Two Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 20, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(94) 
 4.283 Two Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as March 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(95) 
 4.284 Two Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 20, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(95) 
 4.285 Two Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(95) 
 4.286 Two Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(95) 
 4.287 Two Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 27, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(95) 
 4.288 Two Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(96) 
 4.289 Two Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(96) 
 4.290 Two Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(96) 
 4.291 Two Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(96) 
 4.292 Two Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 3, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(96) 
 4.293 Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 7, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Senior Notes due 2019(97) 
 4.294 Two Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 10, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(98) 
 4.295 Three Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 10, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(98) 
 4.296 Three Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 10, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(98) 
 4.297 Three Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 10, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(98) 
 4.298 Three Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 10, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(98) 
 4.299 Indenture dated as of April 11, 2014, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Trustee and Form of Global Note of 4.75 Senior Convertible Notes Due 2020(99) 
 4.300 Three Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(100) 
 4.301 Three Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(100) 
 4.302 Three Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(100) 
 4.303 Three Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(100) 
 4.304 Three Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 17, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(100) 
 4.305 Three Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(101) 
 
 253 

4.306 Three Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(101) 
 4.307 Three Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(101) 
 4.308 Three Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(101) 
 4.309 Three Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(101) 
 4.310 Three Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(102) 
 4.311 Three Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(102) 
 4.312 Three Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(102) 
 4.313 Three Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(102) 
 4.314 Three Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 1, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(102) 
 4.315 Three Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2018(103) 
 4.316 Three Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2019(103) 
 4.317 Three Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(103) 
 4.318 Three Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(103) 
 4.319 Three Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 8, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2039(103) 
 4.320 Three Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 17, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(110) 
 4.321 Three Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 28, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(111) 
 4.322 Three Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 4, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(112) 
 4.323 Three Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 11, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(113) 
 4.324 Three Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 18, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(114) 
 4.325 Three Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 29, 2014, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(115) 
 4.326 Three Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 2, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(116) 
 4.327 Three Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 8, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(117) 
 4.328 Three Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 15, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(118) 
 4.329 Three Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 23, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(119) 
 4.330 Three Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 29, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(120) 
 4.331 Three Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 5, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(121) 
 4.332 Three Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 20, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(122) 
 4.333 Three Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 26, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(123) 
 4.334 Three Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 5, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(124) 
 
 254 

4.335 Three Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 12, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(125) 
 4.336 Three Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 19, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(126) 
 4.337 Three Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 26, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(127) 
 4.338 Three Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 2, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(128) 
 4.339 Three Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 9, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(129) 
 4.340 Three Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 16, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(130) 
 4.341 Three Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 16, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.375 to 6.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(130) 
 4.342 Three Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 23, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(131) 
 4.343 Three Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 23, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.375 to 6.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(131) 
 4.344 Three Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(132) 
 4.345 Three Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.375 to 6.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(132) 
 4.346 Three Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 7, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(133) 
 4.347 Three Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 7, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 3.375 to 6.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(133) 
 4.348 Three Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 21, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(134) 
 4.349 Three Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 29, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(135) 
 4.350 Three Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 29, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.100 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(135) 
 4.351 Three Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(136) 
 4.352 Three Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.100 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(136) 
 4.353 Three Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 11, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(137) 
 4.354 Three Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 11, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.100 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(137) 
 4.355 Three Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 18, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(138) 
 4.356 Three Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 18, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.100 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(138) 
 4.357 Three Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(139) 
 4.358 Three Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.100 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(139) 
 4.359 Three Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(140) 
 4.360 Three Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.100 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(140) 
 4.361 Three Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(141) 
 4.362 Three Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(141) 
 4.363 Three Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(142) 
 
 255 

4.364 Three Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(142) 
 4.365 Three Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 23, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(143) 
 4.366 Three Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 23, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(143) 
 4.367 Three Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 30, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(144) 
 4.368 Three Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 30, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(144) 
 4.369 Three Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(145) 
 4.370 Three Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(145) 
 4.371 Three Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 13, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(146) 
 4.372 Three Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 13, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(146) 
 4.373 Three Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(147) 
 4.374 Three Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(147) 
 4.375 Three Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 27, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(148) 
 4.376 Three Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 27, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(148) 
 4.377 Three Hundred Eighty-One Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 11, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(153) 
 4.378 Three Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 11, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(153) 
 4.379 Three Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(154) 
 4.380 Three Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(154) 
 4.381 Three Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(155) 
 4.382 Three Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(155) 
 4.383 Three Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(156) 
 4.384 Three Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(156) 
 4.385 Three Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 8, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(157) 
 4.386 Three Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 8, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(157) 
 4.387 Three Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(159) 
 4.388 Three Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(159) 
 4.389 Three Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 22, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(160) 
 4.390 Three Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 22, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(160) 
 4.391 Three Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 29, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(161) 
 4.392 Three Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 29, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(161) 
 
 256 

4.393 Three Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(163) 
 4.394 Three Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(163) 
 4.395 Three Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(164) 
 4.396 Four Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(164) 
 4.397 Four Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(164) 
 4.398 Four Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 27, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(165) 
 4.399 Four Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 27, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(165) 
 4.400 Four Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 27, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(165) 
 4.401 Four Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(166) 
 4.402 Four Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(166) 
 4.403 Four Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(166) 
 4.404 Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 10, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.250 Note due 2024(167) 
 4.405 Four Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(168) 
 4.406 Four Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 24, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(169) 
 4.407 Four Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 31, 2015, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2020(170) 
 4.408 Four Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 7, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(171) 
 4.409 Four Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(172) 
 4.410 Four Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(173) 
 4.411 Four Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(175) 
 4.412 Four Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 10, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(176) 
 4.413 Four Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 17, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(177) 
 4.414 Four Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 24, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(178) 
 4.415 Four Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 31, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(179) 
 4.416 Four Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 7, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(180) 
 4.417 Four Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 14, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(181) 
 4.418 Four Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 21, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(182) 
 4.419 Four Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(183) 
 4.420 Four Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 5, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(184) 
 4.421 Four Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 12, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(185) 
 
 257 

4.422 Four Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 26, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(186) 
 4.423 Four Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 3, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(187) 
 4.424 Four Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 9, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(188) 
 4.425 Four Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 16, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(189) 
 4.426 Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Note due 2024(190) 
 4.427 Four Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(190) 
 4.428 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 1, of an aggregate principal amount of 650,775.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(191) 
 4.429 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 2, of an aggregate principal amount of 538,575.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(191) 
 4.430 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 3, of an aggregate principal amount of 191,075.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(191) 
 4.431 Four Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(191) 
 4.432 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 4, of an aggregate principal amount of 563,000.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(192) 
 4.433 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 5, of an aggregate principal amount of 323,825.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(192) 
 4.434 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 6, of an aggregate principal amount of 730,600.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(192) 
 4.435 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 7, of an aggregate principal amount of 265,125.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(192) 
 4.436 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 8, of an aggregate principal amount of 722,100.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(192) 
 4.437 Four Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 8, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(192) 
 4.438 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 9, of an aggregate principal amount of 599,050.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(193) 
 4.439 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 10, of an aggregate principal amount of 807,500.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(193) 
 4.440 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 11, of an aggregate principal amount of 799,475.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(193) 
 4.441 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 12, of an aggregate principal amount of 501,625.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(193) 
 4.442 Four Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 14, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(193) 
 4.443 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 13, of an aggregate principal amount of 592,500.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(194) 
 4.444 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 14, of an aggregate principal amount of 581,250.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(194) 
 4.445 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 15, of an aggregate principal amount of 463,750.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(194) 
 4.446 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 16, of an aggregate principal amount of 836,475.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(194) 
 4.447 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 17, of an aggregate principal amount of 536,725.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(194) 
 4.448 Four Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 21, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(194) 
 4.449 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 18, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,746,400.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(195) 
 4.450 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 19, of an aggregate principal amount of 826,325.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(195) 
 
 258 

4.451 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 20, of an aggregate principal amount of 838,525.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(195) 
 4.452 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 21, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,027,325.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(195) 
 4.453 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 22, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,329,050.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(195) 
 4.454 Four Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(195) 
 4.455 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 23, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,232,075.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(196) 
 4.456 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 24, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,273,150.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(196) 
 4.457 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 25, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,825,850.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(196) 
 4.458 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 26, of an aggregate principal amount of 902,650.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(196) 
 4.459 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 27, of an aggregate principal amount of 866,500.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(196) 
 4.460 Four Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 4, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(196) 
 4.461 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 28, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,284,800.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(197) 
 4.462 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 29, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,423,275.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(197) 
 4.463 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 30, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,424,750.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(197) 
 4.464 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 31, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,525,475.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(197) 
 4.465 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 32, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,335,200.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(197) 
 4.466 Four Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 11, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(197) 
 4.467 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 33, of an aggregate principal amount of 746,950.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(198) 
 4.468 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 34, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,254,725.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(198) 
 4.469 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 35, of an aggregate principal amount of 790,900.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(198) 
 4.470 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 36, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,477,725.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(198) 
 4.471 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 37, of an aggregate principal amount of 2,147,375.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(198) 
 4.472 Four Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 18, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(198) 
 4.473 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 38, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,502,000.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(199) 
 4.474 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 39, of an aggregate principal amount of 1,098,150.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(199) 
 4.475 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 40, of an aggregate principal amount of 719,375.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(199) 
 4.476 Form of 6.250 Notes due 2024, Note 41, of an aggregate principal amount of 979,025.00, pursuant to the Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(199) 
 4.477 Four Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 25, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(199) 
 4.478 Four Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 15, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(201) 
 4.479 Four Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(202) 
 
 259 

4.480 Four Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 29, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(203) 
 4.481 Four Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 6, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(204) 
 4.482 Four Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 14, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(205) 
 4.483 Four Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 20, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(206) 
 4.484 Four Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 27, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(207) 
 4.485 Four Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 3, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(208) 
 4.486 Four Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 25, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(209) 
 4.487 Four Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(210) 
 4.488 Four Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 8, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(211) 
 4.489 Four Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 15, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(212) 
 4.490 Four Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 22, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(213) 
 4.491 Four Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2016, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2021(214) 
 4.492 Four Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(215) 
 4.493 Four Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 12, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(216) 
 4.494 Four Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 20, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(217) 
 4.495 Four Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 26, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(218) 
 4.496 Four Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 2, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(219) 
 4.497 Four Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 9, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(220) 
 4.498 Four Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 24, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(221) 
 4.499 Four Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 2, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(222) 
 4.500 Four Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 9, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(223) 
 4.501 Four Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 16, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(224) 
 4.502 Four Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 23, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(225) 
 4.503 Four Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 30, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(226) 
 4.504 Four Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 6, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(227) 
 4.505 Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.950 Convertible Note due 2022(228) 
 4.506 Four Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 20, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(230) 
 4.507 Four Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(231) 
 4.508 Four Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 4, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(232) 
 
 260 

4.509 Four Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 11, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(233) 
 4.510 Four Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 25, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(234) 
 4.511 Four Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 2, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(235) 
 4.512 Four Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 8, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(236) 
 4.513 Four Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 15, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(237) 
 4.514 Four Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 22, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(238) 
 4.515 Four Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(239) 
 4.516 Four Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 7, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2022(240) 
 4.517 Four Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 7, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Convertible Note due 2024(240) 
 4.518 Four Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 13, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Convertible Note due 2022(241) 
 4.519 Four Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 13, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Convertible Note due 2024(241) 
 4.520 Four Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 20, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Convertible Note due 2022(242) 
 4.521 Four Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 20, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2024(242) 
 4.522 Four Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 27, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Convertible Note due 2022(243) 
 4.523 Four Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 27, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Convertible Note due 2024(243) 
 4.524 Four Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Convertible Note due 2022(244) 
 4.525 Four Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Convertible Note due 2025(244) 
 4.526 Four Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 10, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Convertible Note due 2022(245) 
 4.527 Four Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 10, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Convertible Note due 2025(245) 
 4.528 Four Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Convertible Note due 2022(246) 
 4.529 Four Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Convertible Note due 2025(246) 
 4.530 Four Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(247) 
 4.531 Four Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(247) 
 4.532 Four Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 31, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(249) 
 4.533 Four Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 31, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(249) 
 4.534 Four Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 14, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(250) 
 4.535 Four Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 14, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(250) 
 4.536 Four Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 21, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(251) 
 4.537 Four Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 21, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(251) 
 
 261 

4.538 Four Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 28, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(252) 
 4.539 Four Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 28, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(252) 
 4.540 Five Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 5, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(253) 
 4.541 Five Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 5, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(253) 
 4.542 Five Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 13, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(254) 
 4.543 Five Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 13, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(254) 
 4.544 Five Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 19, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(255) 
 4.545 Five Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 19, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(255) 
 4.546 Five Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 26, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(256) 
 4.547 Five Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 26, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(256) 
 4.548 Five Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 2, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(257) 
 4.549 Five Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 2, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(257) 
 4.550 Five Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 24, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(258) 
 4.551 Five Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 24, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(258) 
 4.552 Five Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 30, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(259) 
 4.553 Five Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 30, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(259) 
 4.554 Five Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 7, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(260) 
 4.555 Five Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 7, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(260) 
 4.556 Five Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 14, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(261) 
 4.557 Five Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 14, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(261) 
 4.558 Five Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 21, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(262) 
 4.559 Five Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 21, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(262) 
 4.560 Five Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 29, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2022(263) 
 4.561 Five Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 29, 2017, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(263) 
 4.562 Five Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 5, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(264) 
 4.563 Five Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 5, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(264) 
 4.564 Five Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 11, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(265) 
 4.565 Five Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 11, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(265) 
 4.566 Five Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(266) 
 
 262 

4.567 Five Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(266) 
 4.568 Five Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(267) 
 4.569 Five Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(267) 
 4.570 Five Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(268) 
 4.571 Five Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(268) 
 4.572 Five Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(269) 
 4.573 Five Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(269) 
 4.574 Five Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(270) 
 4.575 Five Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(270) 
 4.576 Five Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(271) 
 4.577 Five Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(271) 
 4.578 Five Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(272) 
 4.579 Five Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(272) 
 4.580 Five Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 15, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(273) 
 4.581 Five Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 15, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(273) 
 4.582 Five Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 22, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(274) 
 4.583 Five Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 22, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(274) 
 4.584 Five Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 29, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(275) 
 4.585 Five Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 29, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(275) 
 4.586 Five Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 5, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(276) 
 4.587 Five Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 5, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(276) 
 4.588 Five Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(277) 
 4.589 Five Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(277) 
 4.590 Five Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(278) 
 4.591 Five Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(278) 
 4.592 Five Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 26, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(279) 
 4.593 Five Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 26, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(279) 
 4.594 Five Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 3, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(280) 
 4.595 Five Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 3, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(280) 
 
 263 

4.596 Five Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 10, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(281) 
 4.597 Five Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 10, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(281) 
 4.598 Form of Global Note of 4.95 Convertible Notes due 2022(282) 
 4.599 Five Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 24, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(284) 
 4.600 Five Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 24, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(284) 
 4.601 Five Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(285) 
 4.602 Five Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(285) 
 4.603 Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 7, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Note due 2028(286) 
 4.604 Form of Global Note of 5.875 Senior Notes due 2023(287) 
 4.605 Five Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 21, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(288) 
 4.606 Five Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 21, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(288) 
 4.607 Five Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 28, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(289) 
 4.608 Five Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 28, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(289) 
 4.609 Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Note due 2024(290) 
 4.610 Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Note due 2028(290) 
 4.611 Five Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 6, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(291) 
 4.612 Five Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 6, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(291) 
 4.613 Five Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(292) 
 4.614 Five Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(292) 
 4.615 Five Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(292) 
 4.616 Five Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(293) 
 4.617 Five Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(293) 
 4.618 Five Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 19, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(293) 
 4.619 Five Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 26, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(294) 
 4.620 Five Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 26, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(294) 
 4.621 Five Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 26, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(294) 
 4.622 Five Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(295) 
 4.623 Five Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(295) 
 4.624 Five Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 2, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(295) 
 4.625 Five Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 9, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(297) 
 4.626 Five Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 9, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(297) 
 
 264 

4.627 Five Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 9, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(297) 
 4.628 Five Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 16, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(298) 
 4.629 Five Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 16, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(298) 
 4.630 Five Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 16, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(298) 
 4.631 Five Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(299) 
 4.632 Five Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(299) 
 4.633 Five Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(299) 
 4.634 Five Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 30, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(300) 
 4.635 Five Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 30, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(300) 
 4.636 Five Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 30, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(300) 
 4.637 Five Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 13, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(301) 
 4.638 Five Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 13, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(301) 
 4.639 Five Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 13, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(301) 
 4.640 Five Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 20, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(302) 
 4.641 Five Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 20, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(302) 
 4.642 Five Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 20, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(302) 
 4.643 Five Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 27, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(303) 
 4.644 Five Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 27, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(303) 
 4.645 Six Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 27, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(303) 
 4.646 Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture(304) 
 4.647 Form of 6.375 Senior Note due 2024(304) 
 4.648 Six Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 4, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(305) 
 4.649 Six Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 4, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(305) 
 4.650 Six Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 4, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(305) 
 4.651 Six Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(306) 
 4.652 Six Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(306) 
 4.653 Six Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 12, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(306) 
 4.654 Six Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(307) 
 4.655 Six Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(307) 
 4.656 Six Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(307) 
 
 265 

4.657 Six Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 25, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(308) 
 4.658 Six Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 25, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(308) 
 4.659 Six Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 25, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(308) 
 4.660 Six Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(309) 
 4.661 Six Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(309) 
 4.662 Six Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 1, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(309) 
 4.663 Six Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(310) 
 4.664 Six Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(310) 
 4.665 Six Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 8, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(310) 
 4.666 Six Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(311) 
 4.667 Six Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(311) 
 4.668 Six Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 23, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(311) 
 4.669 Six Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(312) 
 4.670 Six Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(312) 
 4.671 Six Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(312) 
 4.672 Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.875 Senior Note due 2029(313) 
 4.673 Six Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(314) 
 4.674 Six Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 13, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(314) 
 4.675 Six Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 20, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(315) 
 4.676 Six Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 20, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(315) 
 4.677 Six Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 28, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2023(316) 
 4.678 Six Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 28, 2018, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(316) 
 4.679 Six Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 4, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(317) 
 4.680 Six Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 4, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(317) 
 4.681 Six Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 10, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(318) 
 4.682 Six Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 10, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(318) 
 4.683 Six Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 17, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(319) 
 4.684 Six Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 17, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(319) 
 4.685 Six Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(320) 
 
 266 

4.686 Six Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(320) 
 4.687 Six Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(320) 
 4.688 Six Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(321) 
 4.689 Six Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(321) 
 4.690 Six Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(321) 
 4.691 Six Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(322) 
 4.692 Six Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(322) 
 4.693 Six Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(322) 
 4.694 Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture and Form of 6.875 Note due 2029(323) 
 4.695 Six Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(324) 
 4.696 Six Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(324) 
 4.697 Six Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(324) 
 4.698 Six Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 28, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(325) 
 4.699 Six Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 28, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(325) 
 4.700 Six Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 28, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(325) 
 4.701 Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 1, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.375 Convertible Note due 2025(326) 
 4.702 Six Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(327) 
 4.703 Six Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(327) 
 4.704 Six Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(327) 
 4.705 Six Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(328) 
 4.706 Six Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(328) 
 4.707 Six Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 14, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(328) 
 4.708 Six Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(329) 
 4.709 Six Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(329) 
 4.710 Six Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 21, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(329) 
 4.711 Six Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(330) 
 4.712 Six Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(330) 
 4.713 Six Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 28, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(330) 
 4.714 Six Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(331) 
 
 267 

4.715 Six Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(331) 
 4.716 Six Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 4, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(331) 
 4.717 Six Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(332) 
 4.718 Six Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(332) 
 4.719 Six Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(332) 
 4.720 Six Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(333) 
 4.721 Six Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(333) 
 4.722 Six Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(333) 
 4.723 Six Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(334) 
 4.724 Six Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(334) 
 4.725 Six Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(334) 
 4.726 Six Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 2, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(335) 
 4.727 Six Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 2, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(335) 
 4.728 Six Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 2, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(335) 
 4.729 Six Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(336) 
 4.730 Six Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(336) 
 4.731 Six Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 9, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(336) 
 4.732 Six Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(338) 
 4.733 Six Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(338) 
 4.734 Six Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(338) 
 4.735 Six Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(339) 
 4.736 Six Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(339) 
 4.737 Six Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(339) 
 4.738 Six Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(340) 
 4.739 Six Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(340) 
 4.740 Six Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 6, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(340) 
 4.741 Six Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(341) 
 4.742 Six Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(341) 
 4.743 Six Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 13, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(341) 
 
 268 

4.744 Six Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(342) 
 4.745 Six Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(342) 
 4.746 Six Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 20, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(342) 
 4.747 Six Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(343) 
 4.748 Six Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(343) 
 4.749 Six Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 27, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(343) 
 4.750 Seven Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(344) 
 4.751 Seven Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(344) 
 4.752 Seven Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(344) 
 4.753 Seven Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 to 7.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(344) 
 4.754 Seven Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(345) 
 4.755 Seven Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(345) 
 4.756 Seven Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(345) 
 4.757 Seven Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 11, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 to 7.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(345) 
 4.758 Seven Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(346) 
 4.759 Seven Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(346) 
 4.760 Seven Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(346) 
 4.761 Seven Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 to 7.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(346) 
 4.762 Seven Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(347) 
 4.763 Seven Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(347) 
 4.764 Seven Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(347) 
 4.765 Seven Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 25, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 to 7.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(347) 
 4.766 Seven Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(348) 
 4.767 Seven Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(348) 
 4.768 Seven Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(348) 
 4.769 Seven Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 1, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 6.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(348) 
 4.770 Seven Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(349) 
 4.771 Seven Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(349) 
 4.772 Seven Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(349) 
 
 269 

4.773 Seven Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 6.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(349) 
 4.774 Seven Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(350) 
 4.775 Seven Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(350) 
 4.776 Seven Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(350) 
 4.777 Seven Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 15, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 to 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(350) 
 4.778 Seven Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(351) 
 4.779 Seven Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(351) 
 4.780 Seven Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(351) 
 4.781 Seven Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 22, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 to 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(351) 
 4.782 Seven Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(356) 
 4.783 Seven Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(356) 
 4.784 Seven Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(356) 
 4.785 Seven Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 26, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 to 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(356) 
 4.786 Seven Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(357) 
 4.787 Seven Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(357) 
 4.788 Seven Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(357) 
 4.789 Seven Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 3, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 to 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(357) 
 4.790 Seven Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(358) 
 4.791 Seven Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(358) 
 4.792 Seven Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(358) 
 4.793 Seven Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 10, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 to 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(358) 
 4.794 Seven Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(359) 
 4.795 Seven Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(359) 
 4.796 Seven Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 18, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(359) 
 4.797 Seven Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(360) 
 4.798 Seven Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(360) 
 4.799 Seven Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 24, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(360) 
 4.800 Seven Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(361) 
 4.801 Seven Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(361) 
 
 270 

4.802 Seven Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 31, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(361) 
 4.803 Seven Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(362) 
 4.804 Seven Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(362) 
 4.805 Seven Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 7, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(362) 
 4.806 Seven Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(363) 
 4.807 Seven Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(363) 
 4.808 Seven Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 21, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(363) 
 4.809 Seven Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(364) 
 4.810 Seven Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(364) 
 4.811 Seven Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 29, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(364) 
 4.812 Seven Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(365) 
 4.813 Seven Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(365) 
 4.814 Seven Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 5, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(365) 
 4.815 Seven Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(366) 
 4.816 Seven Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(366) 
 4.817 Seven Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 12, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(366) 
 4.818 Seven Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(367) 
 4.819 Seven Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(367) 
 4.820 Seven Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 19, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(367) 
 4.821 Seven Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(368) 
 4.822 Seven Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(386) 
 4.823 Seven Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 27, 2019, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(368) 
 4.824 Seven Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(369) 
 4.825 Seven Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(369) 
 4.826 Seven Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 3, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(369) 
 4.827 Seven Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(370) 
 4.828 Seven Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(370) 
 4.829 Seven Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 9, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(370) 
 4.830 Seven Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(371) 
 
 271 

4.831 Seven Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(371) 
 4.832 Seven Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(371) 
 4.833 Seven Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(372) 
 4.834 Seven Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(372) 
 4.835 Seven Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(372) 
 4.836 Seven Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(373) 
 4.837 Seven Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(373) 
 4.838 Seven Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(373) 
 4.839 Seven Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(374) 
 4.840 Seven Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(374) 
 4.841 Seven Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 6, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(374) 
 4.842 Seven Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 12, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(375) 
 4.843 Seven Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 12, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(375) 
 4.844 Seven Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 12, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(375) 
 4.845 Seven Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(377) 
 4.846 Seven Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(377) 
 4.847 Seven Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(377) 
 4.848 Seven Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 5, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(378) 
 4.849 Seven Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 5, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(378) 
 4.850 Eight Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 5, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(378) 
 4.851 Eight Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 12, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(379) 
 4.852 Eight Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 12, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(379) 
 4.853 Eight Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 12, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(379) 
 4.854 Eight Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 19, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(380) 
 4.855 Eight Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 19, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(380) 
 4.856 Eight Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 19, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(380) 
 4.857 Eight Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 26, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(381) 
 4.858 Eight Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 26, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(381) 
 4.859 Eight Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 26, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(381) 
 
 272 

4.860 Eight Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 23, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(383) 
 4.861 Eight Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 23, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(383) 
 4.862 Eight Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 23, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(383) 
 4.863 Eight Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(384) 
 4.864 Eight Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(384) 
 4.865 Eight Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(384) 
 4.866 Eight Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 7, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(385) 
 4.867 Eight Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 7, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(385) 
 4.868 Eight Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 7, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(385) 
 4.869 Eight Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 14, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(386) 
 4.870 Eight Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 14, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(386) 
 4.871 Eight Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 14, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(386) 
 4.872 Eight Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 29, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(387) 
 4.873 Eight Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 29, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(387) 
 4.874 Eight Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 29, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(387) 
 4.875 Eight Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(388) 
 4.876 Eight Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(388) 
 4.877 Eight Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(388) 
 4.878 Eight Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 11, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(389) 
 4.879 Eight Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 11, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(389) 
 4.880 Eight Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 11, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(389) 
 4.881 Eight Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 18, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(390) 
 4.882 Eight Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 18, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(390) 
 4.883 Eight Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 18, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(390) 
 4.884 Eight Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(391) 
 4.885 Eight Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(391) 
 4.886 Eight Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 25, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(391) 
 4.887 Eight Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(392) 
 4.888 Eight Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(392) 
 
 273 

4.889 Eight Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 2, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(392) 
 4.890 Eight Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(393) 
 4.891 Eight Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(393) 
 4.892 Eight Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(393) 
 4.893 Eight Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(394) 
 4.894 Eight Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(394) 
 4.895 Eight Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(394) 
 4.896 Eight Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 23, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(395) 
 4.897 Eight Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 23, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(395) 
 4.898 Eight Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 23, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(395) 
 4.899 Eight Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(396) 
 4.900 Eight Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(396) 
 4.901 Eight Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 30, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(396) 
 4.902 Eight Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(397) 
 4.903 Eight Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(397) 
 4.904 Eight Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 6, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(397) 
 4.905 Eight Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 13, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(398) 
 4.906 Eight Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 13, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(398) 
 4.907 Eight Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 13, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(398) 
 4.908 Eight Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(399) 
 4.909 Eight Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(399) 
 4.910 Eight Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 20, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(399) 
 4.911 Articles of Amendment(402) 
 4.912 Articles Supplementary to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Prospect Capital Corporation(402) 
 4.913 Form of Subscription Agreement(402) 
 4.914 Eight Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(403) 
 4.915 Eight Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(403) 
 4.916 Eight Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(403) 
 4.917 Eight Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 11, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(404) 
 4.918 Eight Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 11, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.200 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(404) 
 
 274 

4.919 Eight Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 11, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(404) 
 4.920 Eight Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(405) 
 4.921 Eight Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.200 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(405) 
 4.922 Eight Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 17, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(405) 
 4.923 Eight Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(406) 
 4.924 Eight Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.200 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(406) 
 4.925 Eight Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(406) 
 4.926 Eight Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(407) 
 4.927 Eight Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(407) 
 4.928 Eight Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 1, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(407) 
 4.929 Eight Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 8, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(408) 
 4.930 Eight Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 8, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(408) 
 4.931 Eight Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 8, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(408) 
 4.932 Eight Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(409) 
 4.933 Eight Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(409) 
 4.934 Eight Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 16, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(409) 
 4.935 Eight Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 22, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(410) 
 4.936 Eight Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 22, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(410) 
 4.937 Eight Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 22, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(410) 
 4.938 Eight Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 29, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(411) 
 4.939 Eight Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 29, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(411) 
 4.940 Eight Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 29, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(411) 
 4.941 Eight Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 5, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(412) 
 4.942 Eight Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 5, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(412) 
 4.943 Eight Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 5, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(412) 
 4.944 Eight Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(413) 
 4.945 Eight Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(413) 
 4.946 Eight Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 19, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(413) 
 4.947 Eight Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(414) 
 4.948 Eight Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(414) 
 
 275 

4.949 Eight Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 27, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(414) 
 4.950 Eight Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(415) 
 4.951 Eight Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(415) 
 4.952 Eight Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 3, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(415) 
 4.953 Nine Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 10, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(416) 
 4.954 Nine Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 10, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(416) 
 4.955 Nine Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 10, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(416) 
 4.956 Nine Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(417) 
 4.957 Nine Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(417) 
 4.958 Nine Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 17, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(417) 
 4.959 Nine Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(418) 
 4.960 Nine Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(418) 
 4.961 Nine Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 24, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(418) 
 4.962 Nine Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 31, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(419) 
 4.963 Nine Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 31, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(419) 
 4.964 Nine Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 31, 2020, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2030(419) 
 4.965 Nine Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(420) 
 4.966 Nine Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(420) 
 4.967 Nine Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(420) 
 4.968 Nine Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 1.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(421) 
 4.969 Nine Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(421) 
 4.970 Nine Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(421) 
 4.971 Nine Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 14, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(421) 
 4.972 Nine Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 1.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2024(422) 
 4.973 Nine Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(422) 
 4.974 Nine Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(422) 
 4.975 Nine Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(422) 
 4.976 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 22, 2021, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee(505) 
 4.977 Form of Global Note of 3.706 Notes due 2026(506) 
 4.978 Nine Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(423) 
 
 276 

4.979 Nine Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(423) 
 4.980 Nine Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(423) 
 4.981 Nine Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(424) 
 4.982 Nine Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(424) 
 4.983 Nine Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(424) 
 4.984 Nine Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 11, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(425) 
 4.985 Nine Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 11, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(425) 
 4.986 Nine Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 11, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(425) 
 4.987 Nine Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(426) 
 4.988 Nine Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(426) 
 4.989 Nine Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(426) 
 4.990 Nine Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(427) 
 4.991 Nine Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(427) 
 4.992 Nine Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(427) 
 4.993 Nine Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(428) 
 4.994 Nine Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(428) 
 4.995 Nine Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 11, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(428) 
 4.996 Nine Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(429) 
 4.997 Nine Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(429) 
 4.998 Nine Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(429) 
 4.999 Nine Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 25, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(430) 
 4.1000 Nine Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 25, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(430) 
 4.1001 Nine Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 25, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(430) 
 4.1002 Nine Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(431) 
 4.1003 Nine Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(431) 
 4.1004 Nine Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(431) 
 4.1005 Nine Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 8, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(432) 
 4.1006 Nine Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 8, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(432) 
 4.1007 Nine Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 8, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(432) 
 4.1008 Nine Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(433) 
 
 277 

4.1009 Nine Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(433) 
 4.1010 Nine Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(433) 
 4.1011 Nine Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(434) 
 4.1012 Nine Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(434) 
 4.1013 Nine Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(434) 
 4.1014 Nine Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(435) 
 4.1015 Nine Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(435) 
 4.1016 Nine Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(435) 
 4.1017 Nine Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 6, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(436) 
 4.1018 Nine Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 6, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(436) 
 4.1019 Nine Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 6, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(436) 
 4.1020 Nine Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 20, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(437) 
 4.1021 Nine Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 20, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(437) 
 4.1022 Nine Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 20, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(437) 
 4.1023 Nine Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 27, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(438) 
 4.1024 Nine Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 27, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(438) 
 4.1025 Nine Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 27, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(438) 
 4.1026 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 27, 2021, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee(439) 
 4.1027 Form of Global Note of 3.364 Notes due 2026 (439) 
 4.1028 Nine Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(440) 
 4.1029 Nine Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(440) 
 4.1030 Nine Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(440) 
 4.1031 Nine Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(441) 
 4.1032 Nine Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(441) 
 4.1033 Nine Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(441) 
 4.1034 Nine Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 17, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(442) 
 4.1035 Nine Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 17, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(442) 
 4.1036 Nine Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 17, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(442) 
 4.1037 Nine Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(443) 
 4.1038 Nine Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(443) 
 
 278 

4.1039 Nine Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(443) 
 4.1040 Nine Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(443) 
 4.1041 Nine Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(444) 
 4.1042 Nine Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(444) 
 4.1043 Nine Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(444) 
 4.1044 Nine Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 1, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(444) 
 4.1045 Nine Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(445) 
 4.1046 Nine Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(445) 
 4.1047 Nine Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(445) 
 4.1048 Nine Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(445) 
 4.1049 Nine Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 20 26 (446) 
 4.1050 Nine Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(446) 
 4.1051 Nine Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(446) 
 4.1052 Nine Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(446) 
 4.1053 Nine Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(446) 
 4.1054 Nine Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(447) 
 4.1055 Nine Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(447) 
 4.1056 Nine Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(447) 
 4.1057 One Thousandth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(447) 
 4.1058 One Thousand First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 22, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(447) 
 4.1059 One Thousand Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(448) 
 4.1060 One Thousand Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(448) 
 4.1061 One Thousand Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(448) 
 4.1062 One Thousand Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(448) 
 4.1063 One Thousand Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 29, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(448) 
 4.1064 One Thousand Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(449) 
 4.1065 One Thousand Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(449) 
 4.1066 One Thousand Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(449) 
 4.1067 One Thousand Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(449) 
 4.1068 One Thousand Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 5, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(449) 
 
 279 

4.1069 One Thousand Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(450) 
 4.1070 One Thousand Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(450) 
 4.1071 One Thousand Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(450) 
 4.1072 One Thousand Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(450) 
 4.1073 One Thousand Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 12, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(450) 
 4.1074 One Thousand Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(451) 
 4.1075 One Thousand Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(451) 
 4.1076 One Thousand Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(451) 
 4.1077 One Thousand Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(451) 
 4.1078 One Thousand Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 19, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(451) 
 4.1079 One Thousand Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(452) 
 4.1080 One Thousand Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(452) 
 4.1081 One Thousand Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(452) 
 4.1082 One Thousand Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.700 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(452) 
 4.1083 One Thousand Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(452) 
 4.1084 One Thousand Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(453) 
 4.1085 One Thousand Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(453) 
 4.1086 One Thousand Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(453) 
 4.1087 One Thousand Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(453) 
 4.1088 One Thousand Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 10, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(453) 
 4.1089 One Thousand Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(454) 
 4.1090 One Thousand Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(454) 
 4.1091 One Thousand Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(454) 
 4.1092 One Thousand Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(454) 
 4.1093 One Thousand Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(454) 
 4.1094 One Thousand Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(455) 
 4.1095 One Thousand Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(455) 
 4.1096 One Thousand Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(455) 
 4.1097 One Thousand Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(455) 
 4.1098 One Thousand Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(455) 
 
 280 

4.1099 One Thousand Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(456) 
 4.1100 One Thousand Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(456) 
 4.1101 One Thousand Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(456) 
 4.1102 One Thousand Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(456) 
 4.1103 One Thousand Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(456) 
 4.1104 One Thousand Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(457) 
 4.1105 One Thousand Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(457) 
 4.1106 One Thousand Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(457) 
 4.1107 One Thousand Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(457) 
 4.1108 One Thousand Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 7, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(457) 
 4.1109 One Thousand Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(458) 
 4.1110 One Thousand Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(458) 
 4.1111 One Thousand Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(458) 
 4.1112 One Thousand Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(458) 
 4.1113 One Thousand Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 15, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(458) 
 4.1114 One Thousand Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 21, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(459) 
 4.1115 One Thousand Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 21, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(459) 
 4.1116 One Thousand Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 21, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(459) 
 4.1117 One Thousand Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 21, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(459) 
 4.1118 One Thousand Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 21, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(459) 
 4.1119 One Thousand Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(460) 
 4.1120 One Thousand Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(460) 
 4.1121 One Thousand Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.150 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(460) 
 4.1122 One Thousand Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(460) 
 4.1123 One Thousand Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 28, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(460) 
 4.1124 One Thousand Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.400 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(461) 
 4.1125 One Thousand Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.800 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(461) 
 4.1126 One Thousand Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(461) 
 4.1127 One Thousand Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.600 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(461) 
 4.1128 One Thousand Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 4, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(461) 
 
 281 

4.1129 One Thousand Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(462) 
 4.1130 One Thousand Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(462) 
 4.1131 One Thousand Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(462) 
 4.1132 One Thousand Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(462) 
 4.1133 One Thousand Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 18, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(462) 
 4.1134 One Thousand Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(463) 
 4.1135 One Thousand Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(463) 
 4.1136 One Thousand Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(463) 
 4.1137 One Thousand Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(463) 
 4.1138 One Thousand Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 26, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(463) 
 4.1139 One Thousand Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 2, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(464) 
 4.1140 One Thousand Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 2, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(464) 
 4.1141 One Thousand Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 2, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(464) 
 4.1142 One Thousand Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 2, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(464) 
 4.1143 One Thousand Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 2, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(464) 
 4.1144 One Thousand Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(465) 
 4.1145 One Thousand Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(465) 
 4.1146 One Thousand Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(465) 
 4.1147 One Thousand Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(465) 
 4.1148 One Thousand Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 9, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(465) 
 4.1149 One Thousand Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(466) 
 4.1150 One Thousand Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(466) 
 4.1151 One Thousand Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(466) 
 4.1152 One Thousand Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(466) 
 4.1153 One Thousand Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 16, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(466) 
 4.1154 One Thousand Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(467) 
 4.1155 One Thousand Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(467) 
 4.1156 One Thousand Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(467) 
 4.1157 One Thousand One Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(467) 
 4.1158 One Thousand One Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 23, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(467) 
 
 282 

4.1159 One Thousand One Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(468) 
 4.1160 One Thousand One Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(468) 
 4.1161 One Thousand One Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2031(468) 
 4.1162 One Thousand One Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2036(468) 
 4.1163 One Thousand One Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2021, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2051(468) 
 4.1164 One Thousand One Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(469) 
 4.1165 One Thousand One Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(469) 
 4.1166 One Thousand One Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(469) 
 4.1167 One Thousand One Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2037(469) 
 4.1168 One Thousand One Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(469) 
 4.1169 One Thousand One Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(470) 
 4.1170 One Thousand One Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(470) 
 4.1171 One Thousand One Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(470) 
 4.1172 One Thousand One Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2037(470) 
 4.1173 One Thousand One Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 13, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(470) 
 4.1174 One Thousand One Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(471) 
 4.1175 One Thousand One Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(471) 
 4.1176 One Thousand One Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(471) 
 4.1177 One Thousand One Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2037(471) 
 4.1178 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(471) 
 4.1179 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(472) 
 4.1180 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.875 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(472) 
 4.1181 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.125 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(472) 
 4.1182 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2037(472) 
 4.1183 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.625 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(472) 
 4.1184 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 3.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(473) 
 4.1185 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(473) 
 4.1186 One Thousand One Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(473) 
 4.1187 One Thousand One Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2037(473) 
 4.1188 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(474) 
 
 283 

4.1189 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(474) 
 4.1190 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(474) 
 4.1191 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(475) 
 4.1192 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(475) 
 4.1193 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(475) 
 4.1194 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 25, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(475) 
 4.1195 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(476) 
 4.1196 One Thousand One Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(476) 
 4.1197 One Thousand One Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(476) 
 4.1198 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(476) 
 4.1199 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(477) 
 4.1200 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(477) 
 4.1201 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(477) 
 4.1202 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 17, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(478) 
 4.1203 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 17, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(478) 
 4.1204 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 17, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2052(478) 
 4.1205 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 24, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(479) 
 4.1206 One Thousand One Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 24, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(479) 
 4.1207 One Thousand One Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 31, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 2.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(480) 
 4.1208 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 31, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(480) 
 4.1209 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 7, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(481) 
 4.1210 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 7, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(481) 
 4.1211 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 14, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(482) 
 4.1212 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 14, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(482) 
 4.1213 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(483) 
 4.1214 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(483) 
 4.1215 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(484) 
 4.1216 One Thousand One Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 28, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(484) 
 4.1217 One Thousand One Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 5, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(485) 
 4.1218 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 5, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.250 to 5.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(485) 
 
 284 

4.1219 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 19, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(486) 
 4.1220 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 26, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(487) 
 4.1221 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(488) 
 4.1222 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 9, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(489) 
 4.1223 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 16, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(490) 
 4.1224 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 24, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(491) 
 4.1225 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 30, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(492) 
 4.1226 One Thousand One Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 8, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(493) 
 4.1227 One Thousand One Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 14, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(494) 
 4.1228 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 21, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(495) 
 4.1229 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 28, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(496) 
 4.1230 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 4, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(497) 
 4.1231 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 11, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(498) 
 4.1232 Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 30, 2021, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (515) 
 4.1233 Form of Global Note of 3.437 Notes due 2028 (515) 
 4.1234 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 18, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(521) 
 4.1235 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 25, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(522) 
 4.1236 One Thousand One Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 22, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 4.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(523) 
 4.1237 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 20, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(525) 
 4.1238 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 20, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(525) 
 4.1239 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.375 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(526) 
 4.1240 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of October 27, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2027(526) 
 4.1241 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 3, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(527) 
 4.1242 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 10, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(528) 
 4.1243 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 25, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(529) 
 4.1244 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 1, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(530) 
 4.1245 One Thousand One Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 8, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(531) 
 4.1246 One Thousand One Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 15, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(532) 
 4.1247 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 22, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(533) 
 4.1248 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 22, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(533) 
 
 285 

4.1249 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2025(534) 
 4.1250 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2028(534) 
 4.1251 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of December 30, 2022, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2032(534) 
 4.1252 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(539) 
 4.1253 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(539) 
 4.1254 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 6, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(539) 
 4.1255 One Thousand One Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 12, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(540) 
 4.1256 One Thousand Two Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 12, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(540) 
 4.1257 One Thousand Two Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 12, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(540) 
 4.1258 One Thousand Two Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(541) 
 4.1259 One Thousand Two Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(541) 
 4.1260 One Thousand Two Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(541) 
 4.1261 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 26, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(542) 
 4.1262 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 26, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(542) 
 4.1263 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of January 26, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(542) 
 4.1264 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(543) 
 4.1265 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(543) 
 4.1266 One Thousand Two Hundred Tenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(543) 
 4.1267 One Thousand Two Hundred Eleventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 9, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(544) 
 4.1268 One Thousand Two Hundred Twelfth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 9, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(544) 
 4.1269 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 9, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(544) 
 4.1270 One Thousand Two Hundred Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(548) 
 4.1271 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(548) 
 4.1272 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(548) 
 4.1273 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(549) 
 4.1274 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(549) 
 4.1275 One Thousand Two Hundred Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(549) 
 4.1276 One Thousand Two Hundred Twentieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 9, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(550) 
 4.1277 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 9, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(550) 
 4.1278 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 9, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(550) 
 
 286 

4.1279 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 16, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(551) 
 4.1280 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 16, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(551) 
 4.1281 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 16, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(551) 
 4.1282 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(552) 
 4.1283 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(552) 
 4.1284 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(552) 
 4.1285 One Thousand Two Hundred Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 30, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(553) 
 4.1286 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 30, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(553) 
 4.1287 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of March 30, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(553) 
 4.1288 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 6, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(554) 
 4.1289 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 6, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(554) 
 4.1290 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 6, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(554) 
 4.1291 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(555) 
 4.1292 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(555) 
 4.1293 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(555) 
 4.1294 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(556) 
 4.1295 One Thousand Two Hundred Thirty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(556) 
 4.1296 One Thousand Two Hundred Fortieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(556) 
 4.1297 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(557) 
 4.1298 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(557) 
 4.1299 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(557) 
 4.1300 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 4, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(558) 
 4.1301 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 4, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.950 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(558) 
 4.1302 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 4, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(558) 
 4.1303 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 11, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(559) 
 4.1304 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 11, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(559) 
 4.1305 One Thousand Two Hundred Forty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 11, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(559) 
 4.1306 One Thousand Two Hundred Fiftieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 11, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(559) 
 4.1307 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 25, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(560) 
 4.1308 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 25, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(560) 
 
 287 

4.1309 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 25, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(560) 
 4.1310 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 25, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(560) 
 4.1311 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(561) 
 4.1312 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(561) 
 4.1313 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(561) 
 4.1314 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 2, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(561) 
 4.1315 One Thousand Two Hundred Fifty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 8, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(562) 
 4.1316 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixtieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 8, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(562) 
 4.1317 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 8, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(562) 
 4.1318 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 8, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(562) 
 4.1319 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 15, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(563) 
 4.1320 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 15, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(563) 
 4.1321 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 15, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(563) 
 4.1322 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 15, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(563) 
 4.1323 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(564) 
 4.1324 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(564) 
 4.1325 One Thousand Two Hundred Sixty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(564) 
 4.1326 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 23, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(564) 
 4.1327 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(565) 
 4.1328 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(565) 
 4.1329 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(565) 
 4.1330 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of June 29, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(565) 
 4.1331 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 7, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(566) 
 4.1332 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 7, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(566) 
 4.1333 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 7, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(566) 
 4.1334 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 7, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(566) 
 4.1335 One Thousand Two Hundred Seventy-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(567) 
 4.1336 One Thousand Two Hundred Eightieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(567) 
 4.1337 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(567) 
 4.1338 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 13, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(567) 
 
 288 

4.1339 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(568) 
 4.1340 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(568) 
 4.1341 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(568) 
 4.1342 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 20, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(568) 
 4.1343 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(569) 
 4.1344 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(569) 
 4.1345 One Thousand Two Hundred Eighty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(569) 
 4.1346 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninetieth Supplemental Indenture dated as of July 27, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(569) 
 4.1347 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(570) 
 4.1348 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(570) 
 4.1349 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(570) 
 4.1350 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 3, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(570) 
 4.1351 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 10, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(571) 
 4.1352 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 10, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(571) 
 4.1353 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 10, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(571) 
 4.1354 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Eighth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 10, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(571) 
 4.1355 One Thousand Two Hundred Ninety-Ninth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(572) 
 4.1356 One Thousand Three Hundredth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(572) 
 4.1357 One Thousand Three Hundred First Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(572) 
 4.1358 One Thousand Three Hundred Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 17, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(572) 
 4.1359 One Thousand Three Hundred Third Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 5.750 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2026(573) 
 4.1360 One Thousand Three Hundred Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.000 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2029(573) 
 4.1361 One Thousand Three Hundred Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.250 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2033(573) 
 4.1362 One Thousand Three Hundred Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 24, 2023, to the U.S. Bank Indenture, and Form of 6.500 Prospect Capital InterNote due 2043(573) 
 4.1363 Description of Securities 
 10.1 Investment Advisory Agreement between Registrant and Prospect Capital Management L.P.(2) 
 10.2 Administration Agreement between Registrant and Prospect Administration LLC(2) 
 10.3 Trademark License Agreement between the Registrant and Prospect Capital Investment Management, LLC(2) 
 10.4 Transfer Agency and Registrar Services Agreement(4) 
 10.5 Sixth Amended and Restated Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated August 1, 2018, among Prospect Capital Funding LLC, Prospect Capital Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the managing agents from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association as Calculation Agent, Paying Agent and Documentation Agent, and KeyBank National Association as Facility Agent, Syndication Agent, Structuring Agent, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner(296) 
 
 289 

10.6 Sixth Amended and Restated Selling Agent Agreement, dated November 10, 2016, by and among, the Registrant, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, Incapital LLC and the Agents named therein and added from time to time(209) 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Custody Agreement, dated as of September 23, 2014, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association(106) 
 10.8 Custody Agreement, dated as of April 24, 2013, by and between the Registrant and Israeli Discount Bank of New York Ltd.(5) 
 10.9 Custody Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2013, by and between the Registrant and Fifth Third Bank(82) 
 10.10 Custody Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2014, by and between the Registrant and Customers Bank(104) 
 10.11 Custody Agreement, dated as of May 9, 2014, by and between the Registrant and Peapack-Gladstone Bank(105) 
 10.12 Custody Agreement, dated as of October 10, 2014, by and between Prospect Yield Corporation, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association(106) 
 10.13 Third Amended and Restated Custody Agreement, dated as of November 6, 2015, by and between Prospect Small Business Lending, LLC and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas(248) 
 10.14 Debt Distribution Agreement, dated June 22, 2016(190) 
 10.15 Form of Debt Distribution Agreement(200) 
 10.16 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 6, 2017, by and among Prospect Capital Corporation, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC and Goldman, Sachs Co.(229) 
 10.17 Underwriting Agreement, dated May 15, 2018, by and among Prospect Capital Corporation, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC(283) 
 10.18 Selling Agent Agreement, dated May 10, 2019, by and among, the Registrant, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, Incapital LLC and the Agents named therein and added from time to time(337) 
 10.19 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 28, 2018(313) 
 10.20 Debt Distribution Agreement, dated February 7, 2019(323) 
 10.21 Debt Distribution Agreement, dated February 7, 2019(323) 
 10.22 Debt Distribution Agreement, dated February 7, 2019(323) 
 10.23 Underwriting Agreement, dated February 27, 2019(326) 
 10.24 Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase Plan(382) 
 10.25 Selling Agent Agreement, dated February 13, 2020, by and among, the Registrant, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, Incapital LLC and the Agents named therein and added from time to time(376) 
 10.26 First Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Loan and Servicing Agreement(400) 
 10.27 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated June 12, 2020(401) 
 10.28 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated June 12, 2020(401) 
 10.29 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated June 12, 2020(401) 
 10.30 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2020, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and Preferred Capital Securities, LLC(402) 
 10.31 Escrow Agreement, by and between Preferred Capital Securities, LLC, Prospect Capital Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association(402) 
 10.32 Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan(402) 
 10.33 Dealer Manager Agreement, dated October 30, 2020, by and among, the Company, Prospect Capital Management(456) 
 10.34 Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan(457) 
 10.35 Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2021, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and Preferred Capital Securities, LLC(507) 
 10.36 Seventh Amended and Restated Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated April 27, 2021, among Prospect Capital Funding LLC, Prospect Capital Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the managing agents from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association as Calculation Agent, Paying Agent and Documentation Agent, KeyBank National Association as Facility Agent, and KeyBank National Association as Syndication Agent, Structuring Agent, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner(461) 
 10.37 Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan(510) 
 10.38 Underwriting Agreement, dated September 23, 2021, by and among Prospect Capital Corporation, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC and BNP Paribas Securities Corp., as representatives of the several underwriters named in Schedule I thereto(514) 
 10.39 Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated February 18, 2022, by and among, the Company, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, InspereX LLC and the Agents named therein and added from time to time(516) 
 10.40 Escrow Agreement, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association(517) 
 
 290 

10.41 Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan(518) 
 10.42 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2022, by and between Prospect Capital Corporation and Preferred Capital Securities, LLC(519) 
 10.43 First Amendment to the Seventh Amended and Restated Loan and Servicing Agreement, dated September 7, 2022, among Prospect Capital Funding LLC, Prospect Capital Corporation, the lenders from time to time party thereto, the managing agents from time to time party thereto, U.S. Bank National Association as Calculation Agent, Paying Agent and Documentation Agent, KeyBank National Association as Facility Agent, and KeyBank National Association as Syndication Agent, Structuring Agent, Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner(524) 
 10.44 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, between the Company, Preferred Capital Securities, LLC(535) 
 10.45 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated October 7, 2022, by and among the Company, Prospect Capital Management L.P., Prospect Administration LLC, InspereX LLC and the Agents named therein and added from time to time(536) 
 10.46 Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement, dated February 10, 2023, between the Company, Preferred Capital Securities, LLC(545) 
 10.47 Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan(547) 
 10.48 Amended and Restated Preferred Stock Dividend Reinvestment Plan(5 7 4 
 11 Computation of Per Share Earnings (included in the notes to the financial statements contained in this report) 12 Computation of Ratios (included in the notes to the financial statements contained in this report) 14 Code of Ethics(353) 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in this annual report) 
 22.1 Proxy Statement(354) 
 22.2 Published report regarding matters submitted to vote of security holders(355) 
 23.1 Consent of BDO USA, P.C., Certified Public Accountants of Prospect Capital Corporation 
 23.2 Consent of CohnReznick LLP, Certified Public Accountants of National Property REIT Corp. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 99.1 Audited Combined Consolidated Financial Statements of National Property REIT Corp. for the years ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 99.2 Audited Combined Consolidated Financial Statements of National Property REIT Corp. for the years ended December 31, 202 1 and 20 2 0 
 
 ________________________ 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on May 9, 2014. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 6, 2004. 
 (3) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on December 11, 2015. 
 (4) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 23, 2004. 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.258 of the Registrant s Form 10-K filed on August 21, 2013. 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 18, 2011. 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2010. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 18, 2011. 
 (9) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 1, 2011. 
 (10) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 1, 2012. 
 (11) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 8, 2012. 
 (12) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 14, 2012. 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on September 2, 2014. 
 
 291 

(14) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 5, 2012. 
 (15) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 12, 2012. 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on April 16, 2012. 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on April 16, 2012. 
 (18) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 26, 2012. 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 14, 2012. 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 14, 2012. 
 (21) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 27, 2012. 
 (22) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 4, 2012. 
 (23) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 23, 2012. 
 (24) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 29, 2012. 
 (25) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 6, 2012. 
 (26) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 13, 2012. 
 (27) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 20, 2012. 
 (28) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on December 21, 2012. 
 (29) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 28, 2012. 
 (30) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 4, 2013. 
 (31) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 10, 2013. 
 (32) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 17, 2013. 
 (33) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 25, 2013. 
 (34) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 31, 2013. 
 (35) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 7, 2013. 
 (36) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 22, 2013. 
 (37) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 28, 2013. 
 (38) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 7, 2013. 
 (39) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 14, 2013. 
 (40) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on March 15, 2013. 
 (41) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on March 15, 2013. 
 (42) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 21, 2013. 
 (43) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 28, 2013. 
 (44) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 4, 2013. 
 (45) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 11, 2013. 
 (46) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 18, 2013. 
 
 292 

(47) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 25, 2013. 
 (48) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 2, 2013. 
 (49) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 9, 2013. 
 (50) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 23, 2013. 
 (51) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 31, 2013. 
 (52) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 6, 2013. 
 (53) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 13, 2013. 
 (54) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 20, 2013. 
 (55) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 27, 2013. 
 (56) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 36 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 5, 2013. 
 (57) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 37 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 11, 2013. 
 (58) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 38 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 18, 2013. 
 (59) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 39 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 25, 2013. 
 (60) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 1, 2013. 
 (61) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 41 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 8, 2013. 
 (62) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 42 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 15, 2013. 
 (63) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 43 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 22, 2013. 
 (64) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 45 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 6, 2013. 
 (65) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 46 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 12, 2013. 
 (66) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 47 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 19, 2013. 
 (67) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 48 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 26, 2013. 
 (68) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 49 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 3, 2013. 
 (69) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 50 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 10, 2013. 
 (70) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 51 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 18, 2013. 
 (71) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 24, 2013. 
 (72) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 31, 2013. 
 (73) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 7, 2013. 
 (74) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 15, 2013. 
 (75) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 21, 2013. 
 (76) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 29, 2013. 
 
 293 

(77) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 5, 2013. 
 (78) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 12, 2013. 
 (79) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 19, 2013. 
 (80) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 27, 2013. 
 (81) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 3, 2014. 
 (82) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 9, 2014. 
 (83) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 16, 2014. 
 (84) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 24, 2014. 
 (85) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 30, 2014. 
 (86) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 6, 2014. 
 (87) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 13, 2014. 
 (88) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 19, 2014. 
 (89) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 21, 2014. 
 (90) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 27, 2014. 
 (91) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 6, 2014. 
 (92) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 11, 2014. 
 (93) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 13, 2014. 
 (94) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 20, 2014. 
 (95) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 27, 2014. 
 (96) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 3, 2014. 
 (97) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 7, 2014. 
 (98) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 10, 2014. 
 (99) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on April 16, 2014. 
 (100) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 17, 2014. 
 (101) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 24, 2014. 
 (102) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 1, 2014. 
 (103) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 8, 2014. 
 (104) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Registrant s Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2014. 
 (105) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Registrant s Form 10-K, filed on August 25, 2014. 
 (106) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 14, 2014. 
 (107) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-K/A, filed on November 3, 2014. 
 
 294 

(108) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 3, 2014. 
 (109) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 3, 2014. 
 (110) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 20, 2014. 
 (111) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 28, 2014. 
 (112) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 4, 2014. 
 (113) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 11, 2014. 
 (114) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 18, 2014. 
 (115) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 29, 2014. 
 (116) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 5, 2015. 
 (117) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 8, 2015. 
 (118) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 15, 2015. 
 (119) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 23, 2015. 
 (120) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 29, 2015. 
 (121) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 5, 2015. 
 (122) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 20, 2015. 
 (123) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 26, 2015. 
 (124) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 5, 2015. 
 (125) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 12, 2015. 
 (126) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 19, 2015. 
 (127) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 26, 2015. 
 (128) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 2, 2015. 
 (129) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 9, 2015. 
 (130) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 16, 2015. 
 (131) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 23, 2015. 
 (132) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 29, 2015. 
 (133) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 7, 2015. 
 (134) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 21, 2015. 
 (135) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 29, 2015. 
 (136) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 4, 2015. 
 (137) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 11, 2015. 
 
 295 

(138) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 18, 2015. 
 (139) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 25, 2015. 
 (140) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 2, 2015. 
 (141) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 9, 2015. 
 (142) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 16, 2015. 
 (143) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 23, 2015. 
 (144) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 36 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 30, 2015. 
 (145) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 37 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 6, 2015. 
 (146) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 38 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 13, 2015. 
 (147) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 39 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 20, 2015. 
 (148) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 27, 2015. 
 (149) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Registrant s Form 10-K, filed on August 26, 2015. 
 (150) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-Effective Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 31, 2015. 
 (151) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 10-K/A, filed on September 11, 2015. 
 (152) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 of the Registrant s Form 10-K/A, filed on September 11, 2015. 
 (153) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 42 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 16, 2015. 
 (154) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 43 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 17, 2015. 
 (155) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 44 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 24, 2015. 
 (156) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 45 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 1, 2015. 
 (157) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 46 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 8, 2015. 
 (158) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 9, 2015. 
 (159) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 47 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 16, 2015. 
 (160) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 48 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 22, 2015. 
 (161) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 49 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 29, 2015. 
 (162) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 2, 2015. 
 (163) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 50 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 4, 2015. 
 (164) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 19, 2015. 
 (165) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 27, 2015. 
 (166) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 3, 2015. 
 (167) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 10, 2015. 
 (168) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 17, 2015. 
 
 296 

(169) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 24, 2015. 
 (170) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 31, 2015. 
 (171) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 7, 2016. 
 (172) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 14, 2016. 
 (173) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 22, 2016. 
 (174) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 12, 2016. 
 (175) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 3, 2016. 
 (176) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 10, 2016. 
 (177) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 17, 2016. 
 (178) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 24, 2016. 
 (179) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 31, 2016. 
 (180) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 7, 2016. 
 (181) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 14, 2016. 
 (182) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 21, 2016. 
 (183) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 28, 2016. 
 (184) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 5, 2016. 
 (185) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 12, 2016. 
 (186) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 26, 2016. 
 (187) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 3, 2016. 
 (188) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 9, 2016. 
 (189) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 16, 2016. 
 (190) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 23, 2016. 
 (191) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 30, 2016. 
 (192) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 8, 2016. 
 (193) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 14, 2016. 
 (194) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 21, 2016. 
 (195) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 28, 2016. 
 (196) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 4, 2016. 
 (197) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 11, 2016. 
 (198) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 18, 2016. 
 
 297 

(199) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 36 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 25, 2016. 
 (200) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 37 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 1, 2016. 
 (201) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 38 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 15, 2016. 
 (202) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 39 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 22, 2016. 
 (203) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 29, 2016. 
 (204) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 41 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 6, 2016. 
 (205) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 42 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 14, 2016. 
 (206) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 43 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 20, 2016. 
 (207) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 44 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 27, 2016. 
 (208) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 45 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 3, 2016. 
 (209) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 25, 2016. 
 (210) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 1, 2016. 
 (211) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 8, 2016. 
 (212) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 15, 2016. 
 (213) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 22, 2016. 
 (214) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 30, 2016. 
 (215) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 6, 2017. 
 (216) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 12, 2017. 
 (217) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 20, 2017. 
 (218) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 26, 2017. 
 (219) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 2, 2017. 
 (220) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 9, 2017. 
 (221) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 24, 2017. 
 (222) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 2, 2017. 
 (223) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 9, 2017. 
 (224) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 16, 2017. 
 (225) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 23, 2017. 
 (226) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 30, 2017. 
 (227) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 6, 2017. 
 (228) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on April 11, 2017. 
 (229) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on April 11, 2017. 
 
 298 

(230) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 20, 2017. 
 (231) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 27, 2017. 
 (232) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 4, 2017. 
 (233) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 11, 2017. 
 (234) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 25, 2017. 
 (235) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 2, 2017. 
 (236) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 8, 2017. 
 (237) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 15, 2017. 
 (238) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 22, 2017. 
 (239) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 29, 2017. 
 (240) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 7, 2017. 
 (241) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 13, 2017. 
 (242) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 20, 2017. 
 (243) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 27, 2017. 
 (244) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 3, 2017. 
 (245) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 36 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 10, 2017. 
 (246) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 37 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 17, 2017. 
 (247) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 38 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 24, 2017. 
 (248) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 39 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 30, 2017. 
 (249) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 31, 2017. 
 (250) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 42 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 14, 2017. 
 (251) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 43 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 21, 2017. 
 (252) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 44 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 28, 2017. 
 (253) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 45 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 5, 2017. 
 (254) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 46 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 13, 2017. 
 (255) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 47 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 19, 2017. 
 (256) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 49 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 26, 2017. 
 (257) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 51 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 2, 2017. 
 (258) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 52 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 24, 2017. 
 (259) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 53 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 30, 2017. 
 
 299 

(260) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 54 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 7, 2017. 
 (261) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 55 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 14, 2017. 
 (262) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 56 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 21, 2017. 
 (263) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 57 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 29, 2017. 
 (264) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 58 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 5, 2018. 
 (265) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 59 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 11, 2018. 
 (266) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 60 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 19, 2018. 
 (267) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 61 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 25, 2018. 
 (268) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 62 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 1, 2018. 
 (269) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 63 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 8, 2018. 
 (270) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 64 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 23, 2018. 
 (271) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 65 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 1, 2018. 
 (272) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 66 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 8, 2018. 
 (273) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 67 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 15, 2018. 
 (274) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 68 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 22, 2018. 
 (275) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 69 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 29, 2018. 
 (276) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 70 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 5, 2018. 
 (277) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 71 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 12, 2018. 
 (278) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 72 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 19, 2018. 
 (279) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 73 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 26, 2018. 
 (280) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 74 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 3, 2018. 
 (281) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 75 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 10, 2018. 
 (282) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2018. 
 (283) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on May 18, 2018. 
 (284) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 78 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 24, 2018. 
 (285) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 79 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 1, 2018. 
 (286) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 80 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 7, 2018. 
 (287) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 81 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 20, 2018. 
 (288) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 82 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 21, 2018. 
 (289) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 83 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 28, 2018. 
 (290) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 84 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 2, 2018. 
 
 300 

(291) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 6, 2018. 
 (292) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 86 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 12, 2018. 
 (293) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 87 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 19, 2018. 
 (294) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 88 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 26, 2018. 
 (295) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 2, 2018. 
 (296) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 6, 2018. 
 (297) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 90 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 9, 2018. 
 (298) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 91 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 16, 2018. 
 (299) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 92 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 23, 2018. 
 (300) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 93 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 30, 2018. 
 (301) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 95 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 13, 2018. 
 (302) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 96 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 20, 2018. 
 (303) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 97 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 27, 2018. 
 (304) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 98 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 1, 2018. 
 (305) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 99 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 4, 2018. 
 (306) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 100 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 12, 2018. 
 (307) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 101 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 18, 2018. 
 (308) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 102 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 25, 2018. 
 (309) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 103 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 1, 2018. 
 (310) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 8, 2018. 
 (311) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 23, 2018. 
 (312) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 29, 2018. 
 (313) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 6, 2018. 
 (314) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 13, 2018. 
 (315) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 20, 2018. 
 (316) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 28, 2018. 
 (317) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 4, 2019. 
 (318) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 10, 2019. 
 (319) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 17, 2019. 
 (320) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 25, 2019. 
 
 301 

(321) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 31, 2019. 
 (322) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 7, 2019. 
 (323) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 20, 2019. 
 (324) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 22, 2019. 
 (325) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 28, 2019. 
 (326) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 1, 2019. 
 (327) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 7, 2019. 
 (328) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 14, 2019. 
 (329) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 21, 2019. 
 (330) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 28, 2019. 
 (331) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 4, 2019. 
 (332) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 11, 2019. 
 (333) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 18, 2019. 
 (334) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 25, 2019. 
 (335) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 2, 2019. 
 (336) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 9, 2019. 
 (337) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 17, 2019. 
 (338) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 23, 2019. 
 (339) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 31, 2019. 
 (340) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 6, 2019. 
 (341) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 13, 2019. 
 (342) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 20, 2019. 
 (343) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 27, 2019. 
 (344) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 36 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 5, 2019. 
 (345) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 37 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 11, 2019. 
 (346) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 38 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 18, 2019. 
 (347) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 39 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 25, 2019. 
 (348) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 1, 2019. 
 (349) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 41 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 8, 2019. 
 (350) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 42 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 15, 2019. 
 
 302 

(351) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 43 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 22, 2019. 
 (352) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 44 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 29, 2019. 
 (353) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 of the Registrant s Form 10-K/A, filed on October 20, 2016. 
 (354) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Proxy Statement, filed on September 18, 2018. 
 (355) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on January 8, 2019. 
 (356) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 26, 2019. (357) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 3, 2019. (358) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 10, 2019. (359) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 18, 2019. (360) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 24, 2019. (361) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 31, 2019. (362) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 7, 2019. (363) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 21, 2019. (364) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 29, 2019. (365) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 5, 2019. (366) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 12, 2019. (367) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 19, 2019. (368) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 27, 2019. (369) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 3, 2020. (370) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 9, 2020. (371) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 16, 2020. (372) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 24, 2020. (373) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 30, 2020. (374) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 6, 2020. (375) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 12, 2020. (376) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 13, 2020. (377) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 27, 2020. (378) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 5, 2020. (379) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 12, 2020. (380) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 19, 2020. (381) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 26, 2020. (382) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on April 17, 2020. 
 303 

(383) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 23, 2020. (384) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 30, 2020. (385) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 7, 2020. (386) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 14, 2020. (387) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 29, 2020. (388) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 4, 2020. (389) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 11, 2020. (390) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 18, 2020. (391) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 25, 2020. (392) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 2, 2020. (393) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 9, 2020. (394) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 16, 2020. (395) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 23, 2020. (396) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 30, 2020. (397) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 6, 2020. (398) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 13, 2020. (399) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 20, 2020. (400) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on September 11, 2019. (401) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on June 15, 2020. (402) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 5, 2020. (403) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 27, 2020. (404) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 11, 2020. (405) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 17, 2020. (406) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 24, 2020. (407) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 1, 2020. (408) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 28 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 8, 2020. (409) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 29 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 16, 2020. (410) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 30 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 22, 2020. (411) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 31 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 29, 2020. (412) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 32 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 5, 2020. (413) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 33 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 19, 2020. 
 304 

(414) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 34 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 27, 2020. (415) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 35 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 4, 2020. (416) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 36 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 10, 2020. (417) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 37 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 17, 2020. (418) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 38 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 28, 2020. (419) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 39 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 31, 2020. (420) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 40 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 7, 2021. (421) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 41 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 14, 2021. (422) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 42 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 22, 2021. (423) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 43 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 28, 2021. (424) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 44 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 4, 2021. (425) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 45 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 11, 2021. (426) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 46 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 25, 2021. (427) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 47 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 4, 2021. (428) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 48 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 11, 2021. (429) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 49 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 18, 2021. (430) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 50 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 25, 2021. (431) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 51 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 1, 2021. (432) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 52 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 8, 2021. (433) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 53 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 15, 2021. (434) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 54 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 22, 2021. (435) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 55 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 29, 2021. (436) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 56 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 6, 2021. (437) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 57 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 20, 2021. (438) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 58 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 27, 2021. (439) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on May 27, 2021. (440) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 59 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 4, 2021. (441) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 60 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 10, 2021. (442) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 61 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 17, 2021. (443) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 62 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 24, 2021. 
 305 

(444) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 63 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 1, 2021. (445) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 64 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 9, 2021. (446) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 65 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 15, 2021. (447) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 66 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 22, 2021. (448) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 67 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 29, 2021. (449) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 68 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 5, 2021. (450) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 69 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 12, 2021. (451) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 70 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 19, 2021. (452) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 71 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 26, 2021. (453) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 72 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 10, 2021. (454) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 73 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 16, 2021. (455) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 74 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 23, 2021. (456) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 75 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 30, 2021. (457) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 76 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 7, 2021. (458) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 77 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 15, 2021. (459) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 78 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 21, 2021. (460) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 79 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 28, 2021. (461) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 80 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 4, 2021. (462) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 81 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 18, 2021. (463) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 82 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 26, 2021. (464) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 83 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 2, 2021. (465) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 84 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 9, 2021. (466) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 85 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 16, 2021. (467) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 86 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 23, 2021. (468) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 87 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 30, 2021. (469) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 88 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 6, 2022. (470) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 89 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 13, 2022. (471) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 90 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 21, 2022. (472) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 91 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 27, 2022. (473) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 92 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 3, 2022. 
 306 

(474) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 93 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 10, 2022. (475) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 94 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 25, 2022. (476) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 95 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 3, 2022. (477) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 96 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 10, 2022. (478) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 97 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 17, 2022. (479) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 98 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 24, 2022. (480) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 99 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 31, 2022. (481) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 100 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 7, 2022. (482) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 101 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 14, 2022. (483) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 102 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 21, 2022. (484) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 103 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 28, 2022. (485) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 104 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 5, 2022. (486) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 105 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 19, 2022. (487) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 106 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 26, 2022. (488) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 107 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 3, 2022. (489) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 108 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 9, 2022. (490) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 109 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 16, 2022. (491) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 110 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 24, 2022. (492) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 111 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 30, 2022. (493) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 112 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 8, 2022. (494) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 113 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 14, 2022. (495) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 114 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 21, 2022. (496) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 115 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 28, 2022. (497) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 116 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 4, 2022. (498) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 117 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 11, 2022. (499) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 4, 2020. (500) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on August 4, 2020. (501) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2020. (502) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2020. (503) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2020. (504) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on November 4, 2020. (505) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on January 22, 2021. (506) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on January 22, 2021. 
 307 

(507) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on February 25, 2021. (508) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on May 3, 2021. (509) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on May 26, 2021. (510) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on May 26, 2021. (511) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on July 19, 2021. (512) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Registrant's Form 8-K, filed on July 19, 2021. (513) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 23, 2022. (514) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on September 24, 2021. (515) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on September 30, 2021. (516) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 23, 2022. (517) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 23, 2022. (518) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 23, 2022. (519) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on June 9, 2022. (520) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on June 9, 2022. (521) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 118 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 18, 2022. (522) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 119 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 25, 2022. (523) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 120 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on September 22, 2022. (524) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on September 7, 2022. (525) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 121 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 20, 2022. (526) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 122 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on October 27, 2022. (527) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 123 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 3, 2022. (528) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 124 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 10, 2022. (529) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 125 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on November 25, 2022. (530) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 126 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 1, 2022. (531) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 127 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 8, 2022. (532) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 128 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 15, 2022. (533) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 129 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 22, 2022. (534) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 130 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on December 30, 2022. (535) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2022. (536) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2022. (537) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2022. (538) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on October 12, 2022. (539) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 131 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 6, 2023. (540) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 132 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 12, 2023. (541) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 133 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 20, 2023. (542) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 134 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on January 26, 2023. (543) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 135 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 2, 2023. 
 308 

(544) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 136 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 9, 2023. (545) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 13, 2023. (546) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 13, 2023. (547) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on February 13, 2023. (548) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on February 24, 2023. (549) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 2, 2023. (550) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 9, 2023. (551) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 16, 2023. (552) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 6 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 23, 2023. (553) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on March 30, 2023. (554) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 8 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 6, 2023. (555) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 9 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 13, 2023. (556) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 10 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 20, 2023. (557) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 11 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on April 27, 2023. (558) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 12 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 4, 2023. (559) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 13 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 11, 2023. (560) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 14 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on May 25, 2023. (561) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 15 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 2, 2023. (562) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 16 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 8, 2023. (563) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 17 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 15, 2023. (564) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 18 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 23, 2023. (565) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 19 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on June 29, 2023. (566) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 20 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 7, 2023. (567) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 21 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 13, 2023. (568) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 22 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 20, 2023. (569) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 23 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on July 27, 2023. (570) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 24 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 3, 2023. (571) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 25 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 10, 2023. (572) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 26 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 17, 2023. (573) Incorporated by reference from the Registrant's Post-Effective Amendment No. 27 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2, filed on August 24, 2023. (574) Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Registrant s Form 8-K, filed on June 12, 2023. 
 309 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable 
 310 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on September 8, 2023. 
 PROSPECT CAPITAL CORPORATION By: /s/ JOHN F. BARRY III John F. Barry III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ JOHN F. BARRY III /s/ ANDREW C. COOPER John F. Barry III Andrew C. Cooper Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Director Director September 8, 2023 September 8, 2023 /s/ KRISTIN L. VAN DASK /s/ WILLIAM J. GREMP Kristin L. Van Dask William J. Gremp Chief Financial Officer Director September 8, 2023 September 8, 2023 /s/ M. GRIER ELIASEK /s/ EUGENE S. STARK M. Grier Eliasek Eugene S. Stark President, Chief Operating Officer and Director Director September 8, 2023 September 8, 2023 
 311 

<EX-4.1363>
 2
 psecq42023ex41363descripti.htm
 EX-4.1363

Document 
 Exhibit 4.1363 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF OUR CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following description is based on relevant portions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and on our charter and bylaws. This summary is not necessarily complete, and we refer you to the Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter (including the articles supplementary designating the terms of a class or series of preferred stock) and bylaws for a more detailed description of the provisions summarized below. 
 
 Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 2,000,000,000 shares of stock, par value 0.001 per share, all of which is initially classified as common stock. Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol PSEC. Our Board of Directors has reclassified 447,900,000 authorized but unissued shares of common stock into shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. The Board has classified and designated the shares of preferred stock as follows 
 
 72,000,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A1 , par value 0.001 per share (the Series A1 Shares 
 72,000,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series M1 , par value 0.001 per share (the Series M1 Shares 
 72,000,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series M2 , par value 0.001 per share (the Series M2 Shares and together with the Series M1 Shares, the M Shares 
 20,000,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series AA1 , par value 0.001 per share (the Series AA1 Shares 
 20,000,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series MM1 , par value 0.001 per share (the Series MM1 Shares 
 1,000,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A2 , par value 0.001 per share (the Series A2 Shares, and together with the Series A1 Shares, the M Shares, the Series AA1 Shares, and the Series MM1 Shares, the 5.50 Preferred Stock and 
 6,900,000 shares of a series of preferred stock, designated as 5.35 Series A Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock , par value 0.001 per share (the 5.35 Series A Preferred Stock 
 72,000,000 shares of series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A3 , par value of 0.001 per shares (the Series A3 Shares 
 72,000,000 shares of series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series M3 , par value of 0.001 per shares (the Series M3 Shares 
 20,000,000 shares of series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series AA2 , par value of 0.001 per shares (the Series AA2 Shares 
 20,000,000 shares of series of preferred stock, designated as Convertible Preferred Stock, Series MM2 , par value of 0.001 per shares (the Series MM2 Shares, and together with the Series A3 Shares, the M3 Shares, the Series AA2 Shares, the MM2 Shares, the 6.50 Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Our shares of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock are not listed for trading on any national securities exchange but we may apply to have any such shares listed for trading on a national securities exchange in the future. If a series of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock is listed for trading on a national securities exchange, we intend to reclassify all series of 5.50 Preferred Stock and 6.50 Preferred Stock with a common dividend rate that are listed on an exchange into a single series. Our shares of 5.35 Series A Preferred Stock are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PSEC PRA. 

There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase our stock. No stock has been authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plans. Under Maryland law, our stockholders generally are not personally liable for our debts or obligations. 
 
 Under our charter, our Board of Directors is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, and to authorize the issuance of such shares, without obtaining stockholder approval. Our Board of Directors will only take such actions in accordance with Section 18 as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act limits business development companies to only one class or series of common stock and only one class of preferred stock. As permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that the Board of Directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend the charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of stock or the number of shares of stock of any class or series that we have authority to issue. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 All shares of our common stock have equal rights as to earnings, assets, dividends and voting and, when they are issued, will be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Distributions may be paid to the holders of our common stock if, as and when authorized by our Board of Directors and declared by us out of funds legally available therefor. Shares of our common stock have no preemptive, conversion or redemption rights and are freely transferable, except where their transfer is restricted by U.S. federal and state securities laws or by contract. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of us, each share of our common stock would be entitled to share ratably in all of our assets that are legally available for distribution after we pay all debts and other liabilities and subject to any preferential rights of holders of our preferred stock, if any preferred stock is outstanding at such time. Each share of our common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, including the election of directors. Except as provided with respect to any other class or series of stock, the holders of our common stock will possess exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors, which means that prior to the issuance of preferred stock holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock will elect all of our directors, and holders of less than a majority of such shares will be unable to elect any director. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Our charter authorizes our Board of Directors to classify and reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, the Board of Directors is required by Maryland law and by our charter to set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, the Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. You should note, however, that any issuance of preferred stock must comply with the requirements of the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act requires, among other things, that (1) immediately after issuance and before any dividend or other distribution (other than in shares of stock) is made with respect to our common stock and before any purchase of common stock is made, such preferred stock together with all other senior securities must not exceed an amount equal to 50 of our total assets after deducting the amount of such dividend, distribution or purchase price, as the case may be, and (2) the holders of shares of preferred stock, if any are issued, must be entitled as a class to elect two directors at all times and to elect a majority of the directors if dividends on such preferred stock become in arrears by two years or more until all arrears are cured. Certain matters under the 1940 Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock. For example, holders of preferred stock would vote separately from the holders of common stock on a proposal to operate other than as an investment company. We believe that the availability for issuance of preferred stock will provide us with increased flexibility in structuring future financings and acquisitions. 
 
 Provisions Of The Maryland General Corporation Law And Our Charter And Bylaws 
 
 Anti-takeover Effect 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law and our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a potential acquiror to acquire us by means of a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. These provisions are expected to discourage certain coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board of Directors. These provisions could have the effect of depriving stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging a third party from seeking to obtain control of us. We believe that the benefits of these provisions outweigh the potential disadvantages of 

discouraging any such acquisition proposals because, among other things, the negotiation of such proposals may improve their terms. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law under the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act provides that control shares of a Maryland corporation acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Shares owned by the acquiror, by officers or by directors who are employees of the corporation are excluded from shares entitled to vote on the matter. Control shares are voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned by the acquiror or in respect of which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power 
 
 one-tenth or more but less than one-third, 
 one-third or more but less than a majority, or 
 a majority or more of all voting power. 
 
 The requisite stockholder approval must be obtained each time an acquiror crosses one of the thresholds of voting power set forth above. Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained stockholder approval or shares acquired directly from the corporation. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition may compel the Board of Directors of the corporation to call a special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. The right to compel the calling of a special meeting is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including an undertaking to pay the expenses of the meeting. If no request for a meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders meeting. 
 
 If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then the corporation may redeem for fair value any or all of the control shares, except those for which voting rights have previously been approved. The right of the corporation to redeem control shares is subject to certain conditions and limitations, including, as provided in our bylaws, compliance with the 1940 Act. Fair value is determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquiror or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of the shares are considered and not approved. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders meeting and the acquiror becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other stockholders may exercise appraisal rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act does not apply (a) to shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or share exchange if the corporation is a party to the transaction or (b) to acquisitions approved or exempted by the charter or bylaws of the corporation. 
 
 Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares of stock. There can be no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under Maryland law, business combinations between a Maryland corporation and an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, share exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. An interested stockholder is defined as 
 
 any person who beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting power of the corporation s shares or 

an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 A person is not an interested stockholder under this statute if the Board of Directors approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the Board of Directors may provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the Board of Directors. 
 
 After the five-year prohibition, any such business combination must be recommended by the Board of Directors of the corporation and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 
 
 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of the corporation and 
 two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting stock of the corporation other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. 
 
 These super-majority vote requirements do not apply if the corporation s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares. 
 
 The statute provides various exemptions from its provisions, including for business combinations that are exempted by the Board of Directors before the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Our Board of Directors has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the 1940 Act. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board of Directors does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Conflicts with 1940 Act 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, if and to the extent that any provision of the Maryland General Corporation Law, including the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act (if we amend our bylaws to be subject to such Act) and the Maryland Business Combination Act, or any provision of our charter or bylaws conflicts with any provision of the 1940 Act, the applicable provision of the 1940 Act will control. 
 
 Classified Board of Directors 
 
 Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes of directors serving classified three-year terms. The current terms of the first, second and third classes will expire at the annual meeting of stockholders held in 2020, 2021 and 2022, respectively, and in each case, until their successors are duly elected and qualify. Each year one class of directors will be elected to the Board of Directors by the stockholders to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualifies. A classified board may render a change in control of us or removal of our incumbent management more difficult. We believe, however, that the longer time required to elect a majority of a classified Board of Directors will help to ensure the continuity and stability of our management and policies. 
 
 Election of Directors 
 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote in the election of directors will be required to elect a director. Under the charter, our Board of Directors may amend the bylaws to alter the vote required to elect directors. 
 
 Number of Directors Vacancies Removal 
 
 Our charter provides that the number of directors will be set only by the Board of Directors in accordance with our bylaws. Our bylaws provide that a majority of our entire Board of Directors may at any time increase or decrease the number of directors. However, unless our bylaws are amended, the number of directors may never be less than three nor more than eight. 

Our charter provides that, pursuant to an election to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the Maryland General Corporation Law regarding the filling of vacancies on the Board of Directors, except as may be provided by the Board of Directors in setting the terms of any class or series of preferred stock, any and all vacancies on the Board of Directors may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if the remaining directors do not constitute a quorum, and any director elected to fill a vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the directorship in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is elected and qualifies, subject to any applicable requirements of the 1940 Act. 
 
 Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause, as defined in our charter, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. 
 
 Action by Stockholders 
 
 The Maryland General Corporation Law provides that stockholder action can be taken only at an annual or special meeting of stockholders or (unless the charter provides for stockholder action by less than unanimous written consent, which our charter does not) by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting. These provisions, combined with the requirements of our bylaws regarding the calling of a stockholder-requested special meeting of stockholders discussed below, may have the effect of delaying consideration of a stockholder proposal until the next annual meeting. 
 
 Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 
 Our bylaws provide that with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders, nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors and the proposal of business to be considered by stockholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (3) by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of provision of notice and at the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice procedures of the bylaws. With respect to special meetings of stockholders, only the business specified in our notice of the meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of persons for election to the Board of Directors at a special meeting may be made only (1) by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or (2) provided that the Board of Directors has determined that directors will be elected at the meeting, by a stockholder who was a stockholder of record both at the time of provision of notice and at the special meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has complied with the advance notice provisions of the bylaws. 
 
 The purpose of requiring stockholders to give us advance notice of nominations and other business is to afford our Board of Directors a meaningful opportunity to consider the qualifications of the proposed nominees and the advisability of any other proposed business and, to the extent deemed necessary or desirable by our Board of Directors, to inform stockholders and make recommendations about such qualifications or business, as well as to provide a more orderly procedure for conducting meetings of stockholders. Although our bylaws do not give our Board of Directors any power to disapprove stockholder nominations for the election of directors or proposals recommending certain action, they may have the effect of precluding a contest for the election of directors or the consideration of stockholder proposals if proper procedures are not followed and of discouraging or deterring a third party from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or to approve its own proposal without regard to whether consideration of such nominees or proposals might be harmful or beneficial to us and our stockholders. 
 
 Calling of Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 
 Our bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by the chairman of the Board, our Board of Directors and certain of our officers. Additionally, our bylaws provide that, subject to the satisfaction of certain procedural and informational requirements by the stockholders requesting the meeting, a special meeting of stockholders will be called by the secretary of the corporation upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting. 
 
 Approval of Extraordinary Corporate Action Amendment of Charter and Bylaws 
 
 Under Maryland law, a Maryland corporation generally cannot dissolve, amend its charter, merge, convert, sell all or substantially all of its assets, engage in a share exchange or engage in similar transactions outside the ordinary course of business, unless advised by its board of directors and approved by the affirmative vote of stockholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, a Maryland corporation may provide in its charter for approval of these matters by a lesser percentage, but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 

Our charter generally provides for approval of charter amendments and extraordinary transactions if declared advisable by the Board and approved by the stockholders entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Our charter also provides that certain charter amendments and any proposal for our conversion, whether by merger or otherwise, from a closed-end company to an open-end company, any proposal for our liquidation or dissolution or certain amendments to Article IV and Article V of our charter requires the approval of the stockholders entitled to cast at least 80 percent of the votes entitled to be cast on such matter. However, if such amendment or proposal is approved by at least two-thirds of our continuing directors (in addition to approval by our Board of Directors), such amendment or proposal may be approved by a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on such a matter. The continuing directors are defined in our charter as our current directors as well as those directors whose nomination for election by the stockholders or whose election by the directors to fill vacancies is approved by a majority of the continuing directors then on the Board of Directors. 
 
 Our charter and bylaws provide that the Board of Directors will have the exclusive power to make, alter, amend or repeal any provision of our bylaws. 
 
 No Appraisal Rights 
 
 Except with respect to appraisal rights arising in connection with the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act discussed above, as permitted by the Maryland General Corporation Law, our charter provides that stockholders will not be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. 

</EX-4.1363>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 psec10-kq42023ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 Prospect Capital Corporation 
 New York, New York 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-269714) of Prospect Capital Corporation of our reports dated September 8, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of Prospect Capital Corporation s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s BDO USA, P.C. 
 New York, New York 
 September 8, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 psec10-kq42023ex232.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-269714) of Prospect Capital Corporation of our report dated August 10, 2023, on our audits of the combined consolidated financial statements of National Property REIT Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended, and our report dated June 30, 2022, on our audits of the combined consolidated financial statements of National Property REIT Corp. as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years then ended, which reports are included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prospect Capital Corporation for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 s CohnReznick LLP 
 New York, New York 
 September 8, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 psec10-kq42023ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 I, John F. Barry III, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Prospect Capital Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prospect Capital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date September 8, 2023 s JOHN F. BARRY III John F. Barry III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 psec10-kq42023ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 I, Kristin L. Van Dask, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Prospect Capital Corporation, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Prospect Capital Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over the financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date September 8, 2023 s KRISTIN L. VAN DASK Kristin L. Van Dask Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 psec10-kq42023ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report of Prospect Capital Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Commission on the date hereof, I, John F. Barry III, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date September 8, 2023 s JOHN F. BARRY III John F. Barry III Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Prospect Capital Corporation and will be retained by Prospect Capital Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 psec10-kq42023ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report of Prospect Capital Corporation (the Registrant ), as filed with the Securities and Commission on the date hereof, I, Kristin L. Van Dask, Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant, hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 Date September 8, 2023 s KRISTIN L. VAN DASK Kristin L. Van Dask Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Prospect Capital Corporation and will be retained by Prospect Capital Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, and is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 9
 psec10-kq42023ex991.htm
 EX-99.1

Document 
 Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

Exhibit 99.2 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 10
 psec10-kq42023ex992.htm
 EX-99.2

Document 
 Exhibit 99.1 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 psec-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 psec-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 psec-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 psec-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 psec-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

