<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230913_10-K_edgar_data_1409446_0001640334-23-001698.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4869760</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>151868</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>847999</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1267504</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1051701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1425112</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-001698.hdr.sgml : 20230913
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230913141732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-001698
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230913
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230913

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATE'S FOOD CO.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001409446
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				463403755
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52831
		FILM NUMBER:		231252331

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15151 SPRINGDALE ST
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92649
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 222-5141

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15151 SPRINGDALE ST
		CITY:			HUNTINGTON BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92649

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NHMD Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220512

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Nate's Food Co.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140729

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAPITAL RESOURCE ALLIANCE, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070810

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-001698.txt : 20230913

10-K
 1
 nhmd_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

nhmd_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from [ ] to [ ] Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on November 30, 2022, was approximately based on a 0.0011 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. As of September 12, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2. Properties 15 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 Item 6. [Reserved] 17 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 22 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 23 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 24 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 24 Item 9B. Other Information 25 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 25 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 26 Item 11. Executive Compensation 28 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 30 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 31 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 32 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 33 Item 16. Form 10 K Summary 34 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this current report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms Company, we, us, , our and our Company mean Nate s Food Co., unless otherwise indicated. General Overview We were incorporated in the state of Colorado on January 12, 2000. Nate s Food Co. is domiciled in the state of Colorado, and its corporate headquarters are located in Huntington Beach, California. On May 12, 2014, Nate s Pancakes Inc. was incorporated in the state of Indiana. On May 19, 2014, the Company completed a reverse merger between Nate s Pancakes, Inc and Capital Resource Alliance. Nate s Pancakes was the surviving company. In May 2014, the Company changed its name from Capital Resource Alliance to Nate s Food Co. In connection with the reverse merger, we became a food manufacturing and product company, and in May 2014, we executed a licensing agreement with Nate s Pancakes to market and sell Nate s Homemade , exclusively throughout the world. Since 2021, the Company has been engaged in Bitcoin Mining i.e., the process by which Bitcoins are created resulting in new blocks being added to the blockchain and new Bitcoins being issued to the miners. The Company has purchased ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit) computers - computers specifically designed for cryptocurrency mining - that is being used for Bitcoin Mining. We have placed this Bitcoin Mining equipment with 3rd party datacenters or farms (often referred as a Co-Location that power and operate our Bitcoin Mining equipment for a fee. We are currently generating revenues through receiving Bitcoin from our Bitcoin Mining equipment. Our Current Business In General . Historically, our food development division has licensed, developed and manufactured food products. Our Board of Directors determined that we cease product manufacturing and development of new products for our food development division. We are, however, continually exploring options to license our developed products, a ready-to-use, pre-mixed pancake and waffle batter delivered in a pressurized can. We are also exploring options on monetizing our proprietary blend of pancake and waffle dry mix. Our current product line consists of the original flavor of pancake and waffle mix and three additional flavors, Banana, Blueberry and Strawberry. The flavors can be found at www.natesfoodco.com/brands, however, are not currently for sale. 3 Table of Contents The Company is engaged in Bitcoin Mining i.e. the process by which Bitcoins are created resulting in new blocks being added to the blockchain and new Bitcoins being issued to the miners. Bitcoin Miners engage in a set of prescribed complex mathematical calculations in order to add a block to the blockchain and thereby confirm cryptocurrency transactions included in that block s data. Miners that are successful in adding a block to the blockchain are automatically awarded a fixed number of Bitcoins for their effort. The Company will only mine Bitcoin. Our Food Products Our food products production has been halted and we are focused on licensing our developed products consisting of a ready-to-use, pre-mixed pancake and waffle batter delivered in a pressurized can. Our current product is an original flavor of pancake and waffle batter and we have developed three flavors for our pancake and waffle mix. Once we have resumed production, we plan to continue to expand into other baked goods and other non-breakfast areas. Food Manufacturing and Distribution We have not entered into any agreements with a third-party manufacturer. We have not entered into any agreements with an outside distributor. Seasonality We do not expect our sales of our food products to be seasonal in nature. Our Food Product Customers Our products were being sold across the United States to a variety of customers through our online store at www.nateshomemade.com. We are also exploring options on monetizing our proprietary blend of pancake and waffle dry mix. We have previously delivered samples of our products to retail chains such as Wal-Mart, Target, Sam s Club, Costco, Kroger, BJ s and Albertson s and in retail stores and evaluate their interest of our product. Competition Competition is based on total computing power, known as hashing or hash rate. Groups of miners form pools that compete against each other. Miners share the revenue generated by their pool. Miners are cooperating in the pool and pools are competing against each other. This competition of hashing capacity and speed requires miners to continuously update mining equipment. Mining equipment obsolescence is a major operating expense. We cannot assure that it will be able to recover equipment costs fast enough to replace their earning capacity with newer mining equipment which would result in an operating loss. Investopedia explains that Anyone with access to the internet and suitable hardware can participate in mining. It explains further: How hard is it to mine Bitcoins? Well that depends on how much effort is put into mining across the network. Following the protocol laid out in the software, the Bitcoin Network automatically adjusts the difficulty of the mining every 2016 blocks, or roughly every two weeks. It adjusts itself with the aim of keeping the rate of block discovery constant. Thus, if more computational power is employed in mining, then the difficulty will adjust upwards to make mining harder. And if computational power is taken off the network, the opposite happens. The difficulty adjusts downward to make mining easier. The higher the difficulty level, the less profitable mining is for each participant. The total payout depends on the price of Bitcoin, the block reward, and the size of the transaction fees, but the more people mining, the smaller the slice of that pie each person gets. 4 Table of Contents Food Business Competition . The food business is a highly competitive environment. We have numerous competitors of varying sizes, including manufacturers of private label products, as well as manufacturers of other branded food products, which compete for trade merchandising support and consumer dollars. We compete with large conventional consumer packaged foods companies. Competitive factors in our industry include product innovation, product quality, price, brand recognition and loyalty, product variety and ingredients, product packaging and package design, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, and our ability to identify and satisfy consumer tastes and preferences. Food-Related Regulations As a manufacturer and distributor of food products, we are subject to a number of food-related regulations, including the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated thereunder by the FDA. This comprehensive regulatory framework governs the manufacture (including composition and ingredients), labeling, packaging, and safety of food in the United States. The FDA: regulates holding, distribution and manufacturing practices for food ingredients and foods through its current good manufacturing practices regulations and periodically inspects manufacturing facilities to audit compliance; specifies the standards of identity for certain foods, including many of the products we sell; and prescribes the format and content of certain information required to appear on food product labels. In March 2014, the FDA issued a proposed rule that would make significant changes to the information appearing in, and the format of, the nutrition facts appearing on food labels. In July 2015, the FDA issued a supplemental proposed rule to establish a reference value for added sugars and to require a declaration of the percent daily value of added sugars on the food label. The proposed rule would also revise the footnote in the nutrition label regarding the percent daily value. It is not clear whether FDA will issue final regulation or, if it does, how much time FDA will give food manufactures to bring their labels into compliance. During the time our products were in production we worked with our co-packer to ensure that all of our products were fully compliant with all relevant FDA regulations. In addition, the FDA enforces the Public Health Service Act and regulations issued thereunder, which authorizes regulatory activity necessary to prevent the introduction, transmission, or spread of communicable diseases. These regulations require, for example, pasteurization of milk and milk products. The FDA also is implementing the Food Safety Modernization Act of 2011 FSMA which, among other things, mandates that the FDA adopt preventive controls to be implemented by farms, warehouses, food facilities and transporters in order to minimize or prevent hazards to food safety. 5 Table of Contents In September 2015, FDA released final rules implementing the Produce Safety and Current Good Manufacturing Practices, Hazard Analysis and Risk Based Preventive Controls (HARPC) requirements for human food and animal food, which was a major milestone in the implementation of FSMA. The final rules revise the FDA s food safety regulations by: (1) codifying good agricultural practices and water fertilizer action limits, (2) updating and revising certain requirements in the existing current good manufacturing practices regulations (current 21 CFR Part 110), (3) requiring the establishment and implementation of a food safety system that includes an analysis of hazards and risk-based preventive controls and sets requirements for a written food safety plan, and (4) adding new requirements for a risk-based end-to-end supply chain program. Compliance is required by September 19, 2016, with respect to the new good manufacturing practices and HARPC regulations, and by January 2017, with respect to the new produce safety rules. We remained in full compliance with all relevant manufacturing and production safety rules and regulations until we suspended all production activities in 2018. We are subject to numerous other federal, state, and local regulations involving such matters as the licensing and registration of manufacturing facilities, enforcement by government health agencies of standards for our products, inspection of our facilities, and regulation of our trade practices in connection with the sale of our products. In response to food-borne illness events, FDA scrutiny of the food and beverage industry has increased over the past few years, which has required food and beverage companies to dedicate additional resources to the areas regulated by the FDA. Labeling Regulations We are subject to various labeling requirements with respect to our products at the federal, state, and local levels. At the federal level, the FDA has authority to review product labeling, and the Federal Trade Commission may review labeling and advertising materials, including online and television advertisements to determine if advertising materials are misleading. Similarly, many states review dairy product labels to determine whether they comply with applicable state laws. In addition, the European Union has issued and enforces rules governing foodstuff labeling, nutrition, and health claims. We believe we are in material compliance with all labeling laws and regulations applicable to our business. We believe that we are and will continue to be in compliance in all material respects with applicable statutes and the regulations passed in the United States. There are no current orders or directions relating to our Company with respect to the foregoing laws and regulations. Our Bitcoin Mining Business The Company is engaged in Bitcoin Mining i.e., the process by which Bitcoins are created resulting in new blocks being added to the blockchain and new Bitcoins being issued to the miners. The Company has acquired ASIC (application-specific integrated circuit) computers - computers specifically designed for cryptocurrency mining - that are currently mining Bitcoin. The Bitcoin Mining equipment is hosted by 3rd party datacenters or farms (often referred as a Co-Location that power and operate our Bitcoin Mining equipment for a fee. We generate revenues through receiving Bitcoin from our Bitcoin Mining equipment. Current Status We have determined to continue our Bitcoin mining operations as a hedge against inflation and as a means to bolster our balance sheet through the accumulation of Bitcoin funds in the coming financial periods. Our management hopes that the consistent additional cash inflows from conversion of mined Bitcoin into fiat currency will permit our company to develop more products and expand our product line. We currently own thirty-one Bitcoin computers, or miners, in operation at a co-location facility located in the State of Kentucky. We pay electricity, hosting and maintenance charges billed to us by our co-location facility provider monthly, we receive earned Bitcoin reports each day that we earn Bitcoin from the mining operations of our Bitcoin minders. Background Information Concerning Bitcoin This section provides a more detailed description of Bitcoin, its historical development, how a person holds Bitcoin, how to use Bitcoin in transactions, how to trade Bitcoin, the exchange market where Bitcoin can be bought, held and sold, the Bitcoin market itself and Bitcoin mining our company is engaged in the Bitcoin mining business, as described below. 6 Table of Contents Bitcoin Bitcoin is a digital asset that can be transferred among participants on the Bitcoin network on a peer-to-peer basis via the Internet. Unlike other means of electronic payments, Bitcoin can be transferred without the use of a central administrator or clearing agency. Because a central party is not necessary to administer Bitcoin transactions or maintain the Bitcoin ledger, the term decentralized is often used in descriptions of Bitcoin. Bitcoin Network Bitcoin was first described in a white paper released in 2008 and published under the name Satoshi Nakamoto. The protocol underlying Bitcoin was subsequently released in 2009 as open-source software and currently operates on a worldwide network of computers. The first step in using Bitcoin for transactions is to download specialized software referred to as a Bitcoin wallet. A user s Bitcoin wallet can run on a computer or smartphone and can be used both to send and to receive Bitcoin. Within a Bitcoin wallet, a user can generate one or more unique Bitcoin addresses, which are conceptually similar to bank account numbers on the Bitcoin Blockchain and are associated with a pair of public and private keys. After establishing a Bitcoin address, a user can send or receive Bitcoin from his or her Bitcoin address to another user s address using the public and private keys. Sending Bitcoin from one Bitcoin address to another is similar in concept to sending a bank wire from one person s bank account to another person s bank account. The amount of Bitcoin associated with each Bitcoin address is listed in a public ledger, referred to as a blockchain. Copies of the Bitcoin Blockchain exist on thousands of computers on the Bitcoin network throughout the Internet. A user s Bitcoin wallet will either contain a copy of the Bitcoin Blockchain or be able to connect with another computer that holds a copy of the Bitcoin Blockchain. When a Bitcoin user wishes to transfer Bitcoin to another user, the sender must first request a Bitcoin address from the recipient. The sender then uses its Bitcoin wallet software to create a data packet containing the proposed addition (often referred to as a transaction to the Bitcoin Blockchain. The proposed transaction would reduce the sender s address and increase the recipient s address by the amount of Bitcoin desired to be transferred and is sent on a peer-to-peer basis to other computers participating in the Bitcoin network. Bitcoin Protocol Bitcoin is an open-source project with no official company or group that controls the Bitcoin network, and anyone can review the underlying code and suggest changes. There are, however, a number of individual developers that regularly contribute to a specific distribution of Bitcoin software known as the Bitcoin Core, and who loosely oversee the development of its source code. There are many other compatible versions of Bitcoin software, but Bitcoin Core is the most widely adopted and currently provides the de facto standard for the Bitcoin protocol. The core developers are able to access, and can alter, the Bitcoin network source code and, as a result, they are responsible for quasi-official releases of updates and other changes to the Bitcoin network s source code. However, because Bitcoin has no central authority, the release of updates to the Bitcoin network s source code by the core developers does not guarantee that the updates will be automatically adopted by the other participants in the Bitcoin network. Users and miners must accept any changes made to the Bitcoin source code by downloading the proposed modification of the Bitcoin network s source code. A modification of the Bitcoin network s source code is effective only with respect to those Bitcoin users and miners who choose to download it. If a modification is accepted by only a percentage of users and miners, a division in the Bitcoin network will occur such that one network will run the pre-modification source code and the other network will run the modified source code. Such a division is known as a fork. Consequently, as a practical matter, a modification to the source code becomes part of the Bitcoin network only if accepted by participants collectively having most of the processing power on the Bitcoin network. In recent years, there have been several forks in the Bitcoin network, including, but not limited to, forks resulting in the creation of Bitcoin Cash (August 1, 2017), Bitcoin Gold (October 24, 2017) and Bitcoin SegWit2X (December 28, 2017), among others. 7 Table of Contents Bitcoin Transactions A Bitcoin transaction is similar in concept to an irreversible digital check. The transaction contains the sender s Bitcoin address, the recipient s Bitcoin address, the amount of Bitcoin to be sent, a transaction fee and the sender s digital signature. The sender s use of his or her digital signature enables participants on the Bitcoin network to verify the authenticity of the Bitcoin transaction. A user s digital signature is generated via usage of the user s so-called private key, one of two numbers in a so-called cryptographic key pair. A key pair consists of a public key and its corresponding private key, both of which are lengthy alphanumeric codes, derived together and possessing a unique relationship. Public keys are associated with Bitcoin addresses that are publicly known and can accept a Bitcoin transfer. Private keys are used to sign transactions that initiate the transfer of Bitcoin from a sender s Bitcoin address to a recipient s Bitcoin address. Only the holder of the private key associated with a particular Bitcoin address can digitally sign a transaction proposing a transfer of Bitcoin from that particular Bitcoin address. A user s Bitcoin address may be safely distributed, but a user s private key must be kept in accordance with appropriate controls and procedures to ensure it is used only for legitimate and intended transactions. Only by using a private key can a Bitcoin user create a digital signature to transfer Bitcoin to another user. In addition, if an unauthorized third person learns of a user s private key, that third person could forge the user s digital signature and send the user s Bitcoin to any arbitrary Bitcoin address, thereby stealing the user s Bitcoin. The usage of key pairs is a cornerstone of the Bitcoin network. This is because the use of a private key is the only mechanism by which a Bitcoin transaction can be signed. If a private key is lost, the corresponding Bitcoin is thereafter permanently non-transferable. Moreover, the theft of a private key enables the thief immediate and unfettered access to the corresponding Bitcoin. Bitcoin users must therefore understand that in this regard, Bitcoin is a bearer asset, similar to cash: that is, the person or entity in control of the private key corresponding to a particular quantity of Bitcoin has de facto control of the Bitcoin. For large quantities of Bitcoin, holders often employ sophisticated security measures. The Bitcoin network incorporates a system to prevent double spending of a single Bitcoin. To prevent the possibility of double spending a single Bitcoin, each validated transaction is recorded, time stamped and publicly displayed in a block in the Bitcoin Blockchain, which is publicly available. Thus, the Bitcoin network provides confirmation against double spending by memorializing every transaction in the Bitcoin Blockchain, which is publicly accessible and downloaded in part or in whole by all users of the Bitcoin network software program. The process by which Bitcoin is created and Bitcoin transactions are verified is called mining. To begin mining, a user, or miner, can download and special mining software, which, like regular Bitcoin network software programs, turns the user s computer into a node on the Bitcoin network, and also has the ability to validate transactions and add new blocks of transactions to the Blockchain. Miners, through the use of the Bitcoin software program, engage in a set of prescribed complex mathematical calculations imposed by the Bitcoin network s software protocol, called proof of work , in order to validate proposed transactions and bundle them into a data packet known as a block . The first miner who successfully solves the cryptographic puzzle imposed by the Bitcoin network s software protocol is permitted to add a block of transactions to the Bitcoin Blockchain and is rewarded by a grant of newly issued Bitcoin, known as the block reward . Bitcoin is created and allocated by the Bitcoin network protocol and distributed through a mining process subject to a strict, well-known issuance schedule. Block rewards for mining are the method by which new Bitcoin is issued. The supply of Bitcoin is limited to 21 million by the Bitcoin network s software protocol. Confirmed and validated Bitcoin transactions are recorded in blocks added to the Bitcoin Blockchain. Each block contains the details of some or all of the most recent transactions that are not memorialized in prior blocks, as well as a record of the award of Bitcoin to the miner who added the new block. Each unique block can only be solved and added to the Bitcoin Blockchain by one miner; as a result, individual miners and mining pools on the Bitcoin network engage in a competitive process of constantly increasing their computing power to improve their individual likelihood of solving new blocks. As more miners join the Bitcoin network and its processing power increases, or if miners leave the Bitcoin network and its processing power declines, the Bitcoin network adjusts the complexity of a block-solving equation to maintain a predetermined pace of adding a new block to the Bitcoin Blockchain approximately every ten minutes. 8 Table of Contents Bitcoin Market and Bitcoin Exchanges Bitcoin can be transferred in direct peer-to-peer transactions through the direct sending of Bitcoin over the Bitcoin Blockchain from one Bitcoin address to another. Among end-users, Bitcoin can be used to pay other members of the Bitcoin network for goods and services under what resembles a barter system. Consumers can also pay merchants and other commercial businesses for goods or services through direct peer-to-peer transactions on the Bitcoin Blockchain or through third-party service providers. In addition to using Bitcoin to engage in transactions, investors may purchase and sell Bitcoin to speculate as to the value of Bitcoin in the Bitcoin market, or as a long-term investment to diversify their portfolio. The value of Bitcoin within the market is determined, in part, by the supply of and demand for Bitcoin in the global Bitcoin market, market expectations for the adoption of Bitcoin as a store of value, the number of merchants that accept Bitcoin as a form of payment, and the volume of peer-to-peer transactions, among other factors. A Bitcoin exchange provides investors with a website that permits investors to open accounts with the exchange and then purchase and sell Bitcoin. Prices for trades on Bitcoin exchanges are typically reported publicly. An investor opening a trading account must deposit an accepted government-issued currency into their account with the exchange, or a previously acquired digital asset, before they can purchase or sell assets on the exchange. The process of establishing an account with a Bitcoin exchange and trading Bitcoin is different from, and should not be confused with, the process of users sending Bitcoin from one Bitcoin address to another Bitcoin address on the Bitcoin Blockchain. This latter process is an activity that occurs on the Bitcoin network, while the former is an activity that occurs entirely on the private website operated by the exchange. The exchange typically records the investor s ownership of Bitcoin in its internal books and records, rather than on the Bitcoin Blockchain. The exchange ordinarily does not transfer Bitcoin to the investor on the Bitcoin Blockchain unless the investor makes a request to the exchange to withdraw the Bitcoin in their exchange account to an off-exchange Bitcoin wallet. Outside of exchanges, Bitcoin can be traded OTC in transactions that are not publicly reported. The OTC market is largely institutional in nature, and OTC market participants generally consist of institutional entities, such as firms that offer two-sided liquidity for Bitcoin, investment managers, proprietary trading firms, high-net-worth individuals that trade Bitcoin on a proprietary basis, entities with sizeable Bitcoin holdings, and family offices. The OTC market provides a relatively flexible market in terms of quotes, price, quantity, and other factors, although it tends to involve large blocks of Bitcoin. The OTC market has no formal structure and no open-outcry meeting place. Parties engaging in OTC transactions will agree upon a price often via phone or email and then one of the two parties will then initiate the transaction. For example, a seller of Bitcoin could initiate the transaction by sending the Bitcoin to the buyer s Bitcoin address. The buyer would then wire U.S. dollars to the seller s bank account. OTC trades are sometimes hedged and eventually settled with concomitant trades on Bitcoin spot exchanges. Although Bitcoin was the first digital asset, in the ensuing years, the number of digital assets, market participants and companies in the space has increased dramatically. In addition to Bitcoin, other well-known digital assets include Ethereum, XRP, Bitcoin Cash, and Litecoin. The category and protocols are still being defined and evolving. Regulation of Bitcoin As digital assets have grown in both popularity and market size, the U.S. Congress and a number of U.S. federal and state agencies (including FinCEN, SEC, CFTC, FINRA, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the IRS and state financial institution regulators) have been examining the operations of digital asset networks, digital asset users and the digital asset exchange markets, with particular focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities or fund criminal or terrorist enterprises and the safety and soundness of exchanges or other service-providers that hold digital assets for users. Many of these state and federal agencies have issued consumer advisories regarding the risks posed by digital assets to investors. In addition, federal and state agencies, and other countries have issued rules or guidance about the treatment of digital asset transactions or requirements for businesses engaged in digital asset activity. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, the Company may in its mining activities become subject to new laws, and further regulation by the SEC and other agencies. On November 16, 2018, the SEC issued a Statement on Digital Asset Securities Issuance and Trading, in which it emphasized that market participants must still adhere to the SEC s well-established and well-functioning federal securities law framework when dealing with technological innovations, regardless of whether the securities are issued in certificated form or using new technologies, such as blockchain. 9 Table of Contents Blockchain and cryptocurrency regulations are in a nascent state with agencies investigating businesses and their practices, gathering information, and generally trying to understand the risks and uncertainties in order to protect investors in these businesses and in cryptocurrencies generally. Various bills have also been proposed in Congress for adoption related to our business which may be adopted and have an impact on us. The offer and sale of digital assets in initial coin offerings, which is not an activity we expect to pursue, has been a central focus of recent regulatory inquiries. On November 16, 2018 the SEC settled with two cryptocurrency startups, and reportedly has more than 100 investigations into cryptocurrency related ventures, according to a codirector of the SEC s enforcement division Wall Street Journal, November 17- 18, 2018). An annual report by the SEC shows that digital currency scams are among the agency s top enforcement priorities. The SEC is focused in particular on Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), which involve the sale of digital tokens related to blockchain projects. Many such projects have failed to deliver on their promises or turned out to be outright scams. In the past year, the enforcement division has opened dozens of investigations involving ICOs and digital assets, many of which were ongoing at the close of FY 2018, the SEC states in a section of the report titled ICOs and Digital Assets. Background Concerning our Bitcoin Operations Our Company is a Bitcoin miner; we do not intend to mine other cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrencies, are specialized applications of blockchain technology. Blockchains are encrypted distributed ledgers maintained on the internet. Mining is the process of validating the authenticity of encrypted blocks of transactions and updating the crypto currency s blockchain ledger. Bitcoin miners expend huge amounts of computer processing power - hash rate - to solve complicated mathematical problems required to validate the encrypted data block. The blockchain protocol rewards the first miner to solve the encryption and adds a new block of validated transactions to its blockchain ledger with newly issued crypto coins. Miners compete for those rewards and a share of transaction fees. This creates a competitive environment where miners are constantly seeking to increase their hashing capacity by expansion or deployment of new higher-capacity mining equipment. This work is primarily performed using specialized ASIC Application Specific Integrated Circuits computer equipment or other high-capacity Graphics Processing Unit GPU cards. In the process, mining consumes a lot of electricity and creates large amounts of heat and cooling fan noise. Within our cryptocurrency-related operations, our sole product is Bitcoins that are awarded as a result of our mining operations. Bitcoin mining, like other cryptocurrency mining, is the process by which transactions are verified and added to the public ledger, known as the blockchain, and is also the means through which new Bitcoin (or various other forms of cryptocurrency) are released. Crypto Mining Process Investopedia explains how Bitcoin mining works. In order to earn Bitcoin, you need to meet two conditions. One is a matter of effort; one is a matter of luck. (1) You have to verify approx. 1MB worth of transactions. That is the easy part. (2) You have to be the first miner to arrive at the right answer to a numeric problem. This process is also known as a proof of work. What is meant by the right answer to a numeric problem? The good news is that there is no advanced math or computation involved. You may have heard that miners are solving difficult mathematical problems-that s not true at all. What they re actually doing is trying to be the first miner to come up with a 64-digit hexadecimal number (a hash that is less than or equal to the target hash. It s basically guessed work. The bad news is that, because it s guesswork, you need a lot of computing power in order to get there first. To mine successfully, you need to have a high hash rate , which is measured in terms of mega hashes per second (MH/s), giga hashes per second (GH/s), and tera hashes per second (TH/s). 10 Table of Contents Bitcoin Strategy Our only cryptocurrency-related operations will be the mining of Bitcoins. Once Bitcoins are mined by us, we intend to hold substantially all such Bitcoins. Our management believes that this mine-and-hold strategy will serve to increase shareholder value, inasmuch as our management believes that Bitcoin value will increase over time. There is no assurance that management s strategy will prove to be successful, in this regard. While it is our overall strategy to hold mined Bitcoins, it is possible that we would utilize our Bitcoins to procure needed equipment, facilities and/or services from persons and entities that accept Bitcoins as payment in lieu of fiat currency. Additionally, it is possible that we would, where circumstances require, convert a portion of our Bitcoins into fiat currency for the purpose of paying for needed equipment, facilities and/or services. However, no prediction in this regard can be made. Bitcoin Storage and Security Because we will hold our Bitcoins once mined for varying periods of time, it is important that we select a secure environment in which to do so. Currently, we hold our Bitcoins in a wallet established at BitGo, a secure online platform for buying, selling, transferring and sorting digital currency. Our management believes that BitGo provides adequate security for our Bitcoin holdings. In the future, nevertheless, we may determine to place our Bitcoins in one or more other environments that may have proven to be more secure and/or more flexible than BitGo. In particular, we may elect to place our Bitcoins in cold storage. Cold storage methods include: (1) paper wallet (a way to safeguard against hackers or computer malfunction that involves printing the secret Bitcoin keys on paper and securely handling such paper); (2) hardware wallet (a storage device, like a USB drive, is used to keep the secret Bitcoin keys); (3) sound wallet (this technology involves keeping the secret Bitcoin keys in encrypted sound files in products such as compact discs and vinyl disks); and (4) deep cold storage (the security of a bank vault for securing the secret Bitcoin keys of Bitcoin wallets). As our operations proceed, our management will continually monitor the security of our Bitcoins and, when appropriate, obtain additional and/or other environments in which to hold our Bitcoins. Keys to Success We believe that the following factors will assist us in succeeding: (1) Accessing low cost electricity (reduced operating expenses); (2) Deployment of the most energy efficient mining equipment (increased operating margins), (3) Containerized mining pods that allows deployment into existing utility infrastructure (reduce specialized investments in high cost utility infrastructure), (4) Immersion cooling technology to control noise and facilitate waste heat recovery (reduce site acquisition and leasing costs), (5) Modular systems provide ability to scale in smaller increments (reduced initial capital cost per unit of expansion), and (6) Expansion capital raised through the sale of Offered Shares (reduce or eliminate debt overhead). Inexpensive Power, Cooling and Noise Operating a mining data center consumes huge quantities of electricity that is converted into waste heat. Electricity is the single largest expense and, therefore, the location of mining facilities is very much dependent upon access to affordable electricity. We will seek to secure facilities with access to inexpensive electrical power, initially, in the United States. We will also engage in a continuous quest for low cost and alternative electrical sources such as base loads, incentivized rates, new technologies, solar, natural gas co-generation, heat recovery cost offset agreements, and renewable hydroelectricity. Interior The interior of a mining operation is a secure space with limited access by authorized persons, indeed simply a room (or rooms) full of shelves containing miners (the equipment used to perform the needed calculations and mint the Bitcoin or other cryptocurrency), their power supplies and wiring. With air cooling, one wall consists of filters to allow airflow into the room and the other wall or roof has large exhaust fans to rapidly expel the hot air produced by the mining equipment. With immersion cooling, miners are housed in tanks of dielectric fluids that are circulated to exterior cooling manifolds. 11 Table of Contents Hours of Operation Mining is a constant operation that operates automatically by computer programs. Control staff can be onsite or remote. Service and maintenance technicians can perform their work during normal business hours. There are no retail sales to the public and no storefront is required. Site security is done by electronic monitoring and on-site employees. Challenges of Our Bitcoin Business Cooling Cooling is an issue because crypto miners generate a lot of heat; in fact, higher temperatures degrade performance and can destroy mining equipment so, generally, sites in cooler climates are desirable. At a minimum, with ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) miners, powerful fans provided adequate airflow for cooling. We will employ various cooling strategies, such as site locations in cooler (even cold) locales, water cooling and dielectric immersion cooling technologies, for cost effectiveness. Noise Miners make a lot of noise, operating in the 78 to 100 decibel range. With air cooling, large exhaust fans also create additional noise. Sufficient space relative to neighbors is required to avoid noise pollution as miners operate at all times. Immersion cooling techniques allow removal of the noisy miner fans and size reduction of free cooler fans resulting in quieter operations. Suppliers Bitcoin and many other cryptocurrencies are mined using special ASIC-based mining computers. Bitmain is the manufacturer of the popular Antminer series with approximately 75 market share. ASIC-based miners have far greater speeds than GPU-based miners and some altcoins write specific algorithms to preclude use of ASIC miners. Every time an ASIC miner is developed, it quickly overpowers and makes obsolete any GPU based mining equipment. Within the ASIC supplier community, manufacturers are competing fiercely to develop faster and more efficient miners. Bitmain s competitors include BitFury, Canaan Creative, Ebang, Innosilicon, MicroBt and other manufacturers. These manufacturers are constantly introducing faster and more energy-efficient mining equipment incorporating advanced ASIC 12nm, 10nm, 7nm and 5nm chips. There is intense competition in that each new miner introduced has the potential of causing economic obsolescence of existing mining equipment which will adversely affect our operations. We will evaluate various miners for cost effectiveness. Services Inherently, crypto mining is an automated online operation consisting of providing computing power and not a service industry. It is the application of software to perform online computations to validate transactions and maintain the blockchain ledgers. We do not intend to offer cloud mining services to the public. Our co-location provider will perform maintenance and repairs on our equipment, miners and facilities. Financial Management Revenue comes from the crypto coins earned by mining cryptocurrencies with specialized computers called miners. Revenue is a function of the computing power required to earn coins and market conditions to value those coins. Management must make speculative assumptions about the future value of coins when making decisions to invest in miners for that coin. Because Bitcoin maintains approximately 40 of the cryptocoin market valuation, has first mover and brand recognition status, has an active market, and is the gold standard against which other cryptocurrencies are measured and traded, we intend currently to focus exclusively on mining Bitcoin. Volatility of cryptocurrency market pricing (valuation) can negatively impact revenue, value of mining equipment, and the value of coins in inventory. We believe that quality blockchain and cryptocurrency projects will increase in value as they roll out applications and develop market adoption. We will focus on Bitcoin and those cryptocurrencies that we believe have the greatest potential for mass adoption, use and profit. 12 Table of Contents Mining is a capital-intensive business with a large capex requirement due to miner obsolescence. This may result in financial losses even at a time in the future when our company could have substantial revenue. To maximize mining revenue, we will evaluate replacement miner capacity, energy efficiency and facility capacity to determine which miners to use as replacement upgrades and timing of replacements. Growth/Acquisition Summary We will use a portion of the proceeds from this offering to sequentially build infrastructure to distribute this electrical power on site, modifying the current building structure for mining use, and purchase and install miners, cooling systems and related infrastructure in a continuous growth process. Our growth strategy is to pursue acquisition and development of sites suitable for profitable crypto mining. Our strategy is to develop standardized mining modules that can be deployed in containers or buildings. This standardization will minimize initial investment per module and allow rapid scaling to any size facility. Marketing Mining is a function of operating a computer program. Because payment is made to those who validate, or authorize, transactions first, those with the greatest processing power are typically going to be the most successful. Therefore, miners have joined together into pools where they aggregate their hashing power (as described above) and split the rewards proportionately. This is the case with our miners being in a co-location environment. We do not intend to have any marketing costs associated with mining. Competition is based on total computing power, known as hashing or hash rate. Groups of miners form pools that compete against each other. Miners share the revenue generated by their pool. Miners are cooperating in the pool and pools are competing against each other. This competition of hashing capacity and speed requires miners to continuously update mining equipment. Mining equipment obsolescence is a major operating expense. We cannot assure that it will be able to recover equipment costs fast enough to replace their earning capacity with newer mining equipment which would result in an operating loss. Rising Bitcoin difficulty level results in lower earnings per miner capacity, forcing higher cost producers out of the market. We believe that these market forces will transform mining into a utility type business requiring massive investments with relatively low, but potentially stable revenue. Until the mining industry reaches this equilibrium, market forces will require continual reinvestment in the latest high powered and efficient miners. Electricity costs will also be a limiting factor for profitability with many miners simply unable to generate a profit with their local energy expense. We cannot guarantee that it will be able to secure low-cost electricity sites, fund the acquisition of the most efficient new miners, and operate efficiently enough to be profitable. Pricing Pricing manifests itself in the market value of the cryptocurrency that is mined. This can vary wildly, especially for newer crypto coins. We will focus exclusively on Bitcoin mining as it is the undisputed market leader in valuation, though with wide fluctuations in short term market pricing. We intend to maintain working capital and investments in mined coins to avoid forced selling during downtrends. We may not be able to fund operations through a downturn which would force the sale of mined coin inventories at low prices resulting in losses. 13 Table of Contents Advertising and Promotion As a Bitcoin miner performing computer processing to the distributed ledger, there are no customers to advertise to or need for promotions. Advertising and promotion are required as part of the capital raising process to promote our brand awareness. Consequently, we intend to use a combination of online forums, press releases, crowd funding portals, public advertising in blue-sky approved states, brokers and direct marketing campaigns to promote our company. We cannot be assured that we will be successful in raising the capital necessary to accomplish our growth and business plans. Strategy and Implementation Our strategy is to treat crypto mining as a no-frills utility that works behind the scenes to support existing blockchains. This focused approach avoids unnecessary and expensive overhead of supporting and developing new protocols, algorithms, blockchain use applications, and their related ICOs. Our strategy allows us to focus on optimizing standardized modular mining systems to deploy to sites with low-cost electricity. We can scale up to the site capacity by deploying multiple systems either in containers or installed directly in buildings. Standardization of equipment and processes will allow us to attain economies of scale to minimize our overall costs. Our operations consist of the implementation of the following elements: Acquisition of sites with access to low-cost electricity. These sites must be evaluated for the final delivered price per Kwh after factoring in land, transforming, electrical utility infrastructure, building or container, and other land development costs. Standardized, modular mining systems capable of receiving and operating miners. These contain the electrical distribution panels, wiring, racks, fans, tanks, cooling, internet and security systems to house, operate and secure the miners. These modules may be installed in containers or buildings on site. Acquisition and deployment of high performance, energy efficient mining equipment. Due to the wide range of mining equipment available, we will perform cost/benefit evaluations to determine which miners to acquire and deploy. Among the considerations used are: our available capacity, funding, time frame, availability, new or used equipment, hashing capacities, energy consumption, and anticipated economic life. Seasonality We do not expect any seasonality in our Bitcoin mining business. Intellectual Property We currently have the exclusive license to all intellectual property held by IPC, Inc., which includes the patent filed by Nate Steck for delivery of pancake and waffle batter contained in an aerosol can, as well as our domain names and websites, www.natesfoodco.com and www.nateshomemade.com. Employees Other than our directors and officers, who provide their services to our Company and independent consultants, we have no full-time employees. 14 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION You are advised to read this Form 10-K in conjunction with other reports and documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. In particular, please read our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we file from time to time. You may obtain copies of these reports directly from us or from the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549, and you may obtain information about obtaining access to the Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains information for electronic filers at its website http://www.sec.gov. Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties Our corporate head office is located at 15151 Springdale Street, Huntington Beach, California 92649. This location is currently provided to us at no cost. We believe that this space is sufficient to meet our present needs. Our product development, food science division and production facilities are located at ABCO Laboratories, Inc., located at 2450 South Watney Way, Fairfield, California, 94533. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our Company. To date, our Company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our Company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our Company. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 15 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common shares are quoted on the OTC Markets under the symbol NHMD. The following quotations, obtained from Stockwatch, reflect the high and low bids for our common shares based on inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. The following table reflects the high and low bid information for our common stock obtained from Nasdaq and reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. The high and low bid prices of our common stock for the periods indicated below are as follows: Quarter Ended: High Low May 31, 2023 0.0004 0.0001 February 28, 2023 0.0015 0.0002 November 30, 2022 0.0019 0.0008 August 31, 2022 0.0028 0.0010 May 31, 2022 0.0033 0.0012 February 28, 2022 0.0058 0.0017 November 30, 2021 0.0105 0.0015 August 31, 2021 0.0087 0.0010 16 Table of Contents Our shares are issued in registered form. ClearTrust, LLC, 16540 Pointe Village Drive, Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 (Telephone: (813) 235-4490; Facsimile: (813) 388-4549 is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. As of May 31, 2023, the shareholders list showed 22 registered shareholders with 3,208,024,616 common shares outstanding. Dividend Policy On March 7, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend payment to shareholders equal to 0.000025 per share from the Company s Bitcoin mining. The record date was March 31, 2023, with an expected date of April 15, 2023. On April 12, 2023, the Company paid dividend of 6,733 to shareholders. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Equity Compensation Plan Information We do not have any equity compensation plans. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities We did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended May 31, 2023, that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended May 31, 2023. Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward- looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Plan of Operations and Liquidity Requirements We have suffered recurring losses from operations. The continuation of our Company is dependent upon our Company attaining and maintaining profitable operations and raising additional capital as needed. The issuance of additional equity securities by us could result in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders. 17 Table of Contents Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 Change Revenue 25,168 70,395 (45,227 (64 Cost of revenue 55,179 197,189 (142,010 (72 Gross profit (loss) (30,011 (126,794 96,783 76 Operating expenses 112,283 71,480 40,803 57 Gain on change in fair market value of derivative liability 9,766 373,925 (364,159 (97 Gain on settlement of debts - 76,027 (76,027 (100 Interest expense (109,215 (116,131 (6,916 (6 Loss on sale of digital currency (2,717 (9,793 (7,076 (72 Impairment loss on digital currency (6,191 (5,478 713 13 Net income (loss) (250,651 120,276 (370,927 (308 There are no assurances that we will be able to obtain further funds required for our continued operations. As noted herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives to meet our immediate and long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the additional financing on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as they become due. In such an event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even cease our operations. Results of Operations The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included herein. Our operating results for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: Revenue Our Company generated 25,168 and 70,395 revenue from digital currency mining for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company commenced the mining of Bitcoin in September 2021. Our Company generated 25,168 in Bitcoin Mining revenue with a gross loss of 30,011 for the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to 70,395 in Bitcoin Mining revenue with a gross loss of 126,794 for the year ended May 31, 2022.. Cost of Revenue The cost of digital currency mining revenue was 55,179 and 197,189 for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The cost of digital currency mining revenue consists of electricity, amortization, and other co-location hosting fees, which are remitted in Bitcoin and cash payments for equipment leases and hosting. The cost of revenues for May 31, 2023 was comprised of 11,242 for electricity, 18,805 for hosting and maintenance, 9,900 for equipment leases, 14,143 in equipment amortization and 1,089 for mining fees. This compared to cost of revenues for May 31, 2022, which comprised of 26,651 for electricity, 169,965 for equipment leases, 397 in equipment amortization and 176 for mining fees. Operating Expenses During the year ended May 31, 2023, we incurred general and administrative expenses of 112,283 compared to 71,480 incurred during the year ended May 31, 2022. The increase in operating expenses was predominantly from professional, and other fees related to our reporting requirements of 6,599, and general administrative expenses of 34,204. 18 Table of Contents Other Income (Expense) During the year ended May 31, 2023, we had a gain on change in fair market value of derivatives of 9,766, interest expense of 109,215, loss on sale of digital currency of 2,717, and impairment loss on digital currency of 6,191. During the year ended May 31, 2022, we had a gain on change in fair market value of derivatives of 373,925, interest expense of 116,131, loss on sale of digital currency of 9,793, gain on settlement of debts of 76,027, and impairment loss on digital currency of 5,478. Liquidity and Capital Resources Working Capital May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 Change Current Assets 930 23,688 (22,758 Current Liabilities 1,094,976 970,348 124,628 Working Capital Deficiency 1,094,046 946,660 147,386 Cash Flows Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 Change Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities (42,534 (216,990 174,456 Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities - (12,337 12,337 Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 29,676 242,500 (212,824 Net change in Cash During Period (12,858 13,173 (26,031 As of May 31, 2023, our Company had 930 in cash. In the management s opinion, our Company s cash position is insufficient to maintain our operations at the current level for the next 12 months. Any expansion may cause our Company to require additional capital until such expansion begins generating revenue. It is anticipated that the raising of additional funds will principally be through the sales of our securities. As of May 31, 2023, our total current liabilities were 1,094,976 which consisted of 397,935 in notes payable related parties, 102,054 in accrued interest-related party, 153,849 in derivative liability, 943 in loan payable , 32,000 management fees payable -related party, 153,502 in accounts payable and accrued interest and 254,693 in convertible notes, net, as compared to May 31, 2022, our total current liabilities were 970,348 which consisted of 388,687 in notes payable related parties, 89,164 in accrued interest-related party, 163,615 in derivative liability, 64,198 in accounts payable and accrued interest and 264,684 in convertible notes, net. Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was 42,534 for the year ended May 31, 2023, compared with net cash used in operating activities of 216,990 for the year ended May 31, 2022. For the year ended May 31, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 42,534, consisting of a net loss of 250,651, increased by a gain in change fair value of derivative liability of 9,766 and reduced by amortization of discount on convertible and promissory notes of 47,489, impairment loss on digital currency of 6,191, depreciation of digital currency equipment of 14,143, realized loss on sale of digital currency of 2,717, and net change in operating assets and liabilities of 147,343. 19 Table of Contents For the year ended May 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was 216,990, consisting of a net income of 120,276, reduced by a gain in change fair value of derivative liability of 373,925, gain on settlement of debts of 76,027, and increased by amortization of discount on convertible notes of 79,366, impairment loss on digital currency of 5,478, realized loss on sale of digital currency of 9,793, and net change in operating assets and liabilities of 18,049 . Investing Activities We did not have any cash flows from investing activities during the year ended May 31, 2023. The Company purchased digital mining equipment of 12,337 during the year ended May 31, 2022. Financing Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was 29,676 for the year ended May 31, 2023, compared with net cash provided by financing activities of 242,500, for the year ended May 31, 2022. During the year ended May 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities of 29,676, consisting of 33,813 from promissory notes, 17,338 from related party loans, 1,885 from loans payable and reduced by repayment of related party loan of 15,685, loan payable of 942 and dividend of 6,733. During the year ended May 31, 2022, net cash provided by financing activities of 242,500 consisted of 240,500 from issuance convertible notes and 2,000 from related party loan. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Going Concern Our financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, our Company has negative working capital, recurring losses, and does not have an established source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs. These factors raise substantial doubt about our Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability of our Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the preceding paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if our Company is unable to continue as a going concern. In the coming year, our Company s foreseeable cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of our business, maintaining our good standing and making the requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with operations and business developments. Our Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. Historically, we have mostly relied upon internally generated funds such as shareholder loans and advances to finance our operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital by retaining net earnings or through future public or private offerings of our Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing. Our Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon us and our shareholders. 20 Table of Contents Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, accrued expenses, financing operations, and contingencies and litigation. Management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements include estimates as to the appropriate carrying value of certain assets and liabilities which are not readily apparent from other sources. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Critical Accounting Policies We have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our results of operations. The impact on our business operations and any associated risks related to these policies are discussed throughout Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations when such policies affect our reported or expected financial results. In the ordinary course of business, we have made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition in the preparation of our financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. The results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require our most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The material estimates for our Company are those of derivative liabilities and income tax valuation allowance recorded for deferred tax assets. The estimated sensitivity to change is related to the various variables of the Black-Scholes option pricing model stated below. The specific quantitative variables are included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The estimated fair value of options is recognized as expense on the straight-line basis over the options vesting periods. The fair value of each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the expected life, dividend yield, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rate weighted-average assumptions used for options and warrants granted. Expected volatility for 2023 and 2022 was estimated using our common stock for convertible notes and warrants. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the grant date. The expected life of options is based on the life of the instrument on grant date. Digital Currencies Digital currencies consist of Bitcoin and are included in intangible assets in the balance sheet. Digital currencies are recorded at cost less impairment. The Company compares the book value of digital currencies held to the prevailing market price at each reporting period. An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is not more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. Realized gains or losses on the sale of digital currencies are included in other income (expense) in the statements of operations. 21 Table of Contents Derivative Financial Instruments The fair value of an embedded conversion option that is convertible into a variable amount of shares and warrants that include price protection reset provision features are deemed to be down-round protection and, therefore, do not meet the scope exception for treatment as a derivative under ASC 815 Derivatives and Hedging , since down-round protection is not an input into the calculation of the fair value of the conversion option and warrants and cannot be considered indexed to the Company s own stock which is a requirement for the scope exception as outlined under ASC 815. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company record the embedded conversion option and warrants at their fair values as of the inception date of the agreement and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for each reporting period at each balance sheet date. The Company reassesses the classification of its derivative instruments at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result of events during the period, the contract is reclassified as of the date of the event that caused the reclassification. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was used to estimate the fair value of the conversion options. The model includes subjective input assumptions that can materially affect the fair value estimates. The expected volatility is estimated based on the most recent historical period of time, of other comparative securities, equal to the weighted average life of the options. Conversion options are recorded as debt discount and are amortized as interest expense over the life of the underlying debt instrument. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Our Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Food Product Business The food industry is highly competitive and includes many regional, national and international companies, some of which have achieved substantial market share. We compete primarily on the basis of product features, brand recognition, quality and price. The failure to remain competitive could adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition. Some of our competitors offer types of products that we do not sell, and some of our competitors are larger and have substantially greater financial and other resources than us. Bitcoin Mining Business The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of the Bitcoin Network may adversely affect an investment in our company. Digital assets, such as Bitcoins, that may be used to buy and sell goods and services, among other uses, are a new and rapidly evolving industry of which the Bitcoin Network is a prominent, but not unique, part. The growth of the digital assets industry, in general, and the Bitcoin Network, in particular, is subject to a high degree of uncertainty. The factors affecting the further development of the digital assets industry, as well as the Bitcoin Network, include: continued worldwide growth in the adoption and use of Bitcoins and other digital assets; government and quasi-government regulation of Bitcoins and other digital assets and their use, or restrictions on or regulation of access to and operation of the Bitcoin Network or similar digital assets systems; the maintenance and development of the open-source software protocol of the Bitcoin Network; changes in consumer demographics and public tastes and preferences; the availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services, including new means of using fiat currencies; and general economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets. 22 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data NATE S FOOD CO. AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS May 31, 2023 and 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID NO: F-1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS: Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-4 Statements of Cash Flows F-5 Notes to the Financial Statements F-6 23 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders Nate s Food Co. Huntington Beach, CA Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Nate s Food Co. (the Company) as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Considerations The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses since inception, has a working capital deficit, and has not achieved profitable operations, which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Going Concern Disclosure The financial statements of the Company are prepared on a going concern basis, which assumes that the Company will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and, accordingly, will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of operations. As noted in Going Concern Consideration above, the Company has a history of recurring net losses, a significant accumulated deficit and currently has net working capital deficit. The Company has contractual obligations such as commitments for repayments of accounts and notes payable and accrued interest (collectively obligations ). Currently management s forecasts and related assumptions illustrate their judgments as to the Company s ability to meet the obligations through planned increases in revenues, management of expenditures, obtaining additional loans from related and unrelated parties, and private placements of capital stock for additional funding to meet its operating needs. Should there be constraints on the ability to increase revenues and access financing through stock issuances, the Company will continue to manage cash outflows and meet the obligations through related and unrelated party loans. We identified management s assessment of the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter. Management made judgments regarding the Company s ability to effectively implement its plans to provide the necessary cash flows to fund the Company s obligations as they become due. Specifically, the judgments with the highest degree of impact and subjectivity in determining the Company s ability to effectively implement its plans include its ability to increase revenues, manage expenditures, access funding from the capital market, and obtain loans from related and unrelated parties. Auditing the judgments made by management required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included the following, among others, evaluating the Company s ability to: (i) increase revenues, (ii) access funding from the capital markets, (iii) manage expenditures, and (iv) obtain loans from related and unrelated parties. /s/ Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. September 13, 2023 F-1 Table of Contents Nate s Food Co. Balance Sheets May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Digital currency Equipment, net TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued interest - related party Accrued management fees - related party Loans payable Notes payable - related party Convertible notes, net of discount Derivative liability Total Current liabilities Promissory notes, net of discount Total liabilities Commitments Stockholders' Deficit Series A Preferred Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively Series B Preferred Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding Series C Preferred Stock, Par Value .00, shares authorized, issued and outstanding Series D Preferred Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding Series E Preferred Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, issued and outstanding Common Stock, Par Value , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-2 Table of Contents Nate s Food Co. Statements of Operations Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 Revenue Digital currency mining Cost of revenue Gross loss Operating Expenses General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating Loss Other Income (Expense) Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability Loss on sale of digital currency Interest expense Gain on settlement of debt Impairment loss on digital currency Total other income (expenses) Net Income (Loss) Dividends Net Income (Loss) attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents Nate s Food Co. Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 Preferred Stock Additional Total Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balances May 31, 2021 Conversion of Series D Preferred Stock - - - - Issuance common stock in connection with convertible note - - - - - Forgiveness of related party accounts payable - - - - - - Net income - - - - - - Balances May 31, 2022 Dividend paid - - - - - - Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible note - - - - - Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock - - - - Net loss - - - - - - Balances May 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents Nate s Food Co. Statements of Cash Flows Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Gain on change in fair value of derivative liability Amortization of discount on convertible note Amortization of discount on promissory note Depreciation of digital currency equipment Impairment loss on digital currency Gain on settlement of debts Loss on sale of digital currency Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Digital currency Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating expenses paid by related party Accrued management fees - related party Accrued interest - related party Accrued interest Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchase of digital currency equipment Net cash used in investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from convertible notes payable Proceeds from promissory notes payable Proceeds from notes payable - related party Repayment of notes payable - related party Proceeds from loans payable Repayment of loans payable Dividend paid Net cash provided by financing activities Net cash increase (decrease) for the period Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activity: Reclassification of accounts payable to notes payable - related party Issuance of common stock for conversion of convertible note Issuance of common stock as debt discount on convertible note payable Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series D preferred stock to common stock Purchase of digital currency equipment with promissory note Forgiveness of related party accounts payable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents NATE S FOOD CO. NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS May 31, 2023 AND 2022 Basis of Presentation Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents Digital Currencies F-6 Table of Contents and , respectively, which amount is recorded as impairment loss on digital currency. Fair Value of Financial Instruments Liabilities Derivative liabilities May 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Assets Digital currency Liabilities Derivative liabilities F-7 Table of Contents Series B convertible preferred stock Series C convertible preferred stock Series D convertible preferred stock Series E convertible preferred stock For the year ended May 31, 2023, the convertible instruments are anti-dilutive and therefore, have been excluded from earnings (loss) per share. The following represents a reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted earnings per share computation for the year ended May 31, 2022: Effect of dilutive securities: Convertible notes payable (gain on derivative liability) Preferred stock - - - Diluted EPS Potential dilution from the convertible preferred stock was not included in the calculation of the dilutive earnings per share calculation for the year ended May 31, 2022, as the effect is anti-dilutive. Equipment Lease F-8 Table of Contents and , respectively, with cost of revenue of and , respectively. There is currently no specific definitive guidance in GAAP or alternative accounting frameworks for the accounting for the production and mining of digital currencies and management has exercised significant judgment in determining appropriate accounting treatment for the recognition of revenue for mining of digital currencies. Management has examined various factors surrounding the substance of the Company s operations and the guidance in ASC 606, including identifying the transaction price, when performance obligations are satisfied, and collectability is reasonably assured being the completion and addition of a block to a blockchain and the award of a unit of digital currency to the Company. In the event authoritative guidance is enacted by the FASB, the Company may be required to change its policies which could result in a change in the Company s financial statements. Income Taxes Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements F-9 Table of Contents days and days, respectively, for total of . During the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized and in lease expenses, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, prepaid expenses were and , respectively. and , respectively. Of the total loan amount, is at interest and was to be repaid by , and is in default. As at May 31, 2023 and 2022, accrued interest of and , respectively, has been recorded with respect to this loan. There is no additional interest charged on the note as a result of the default. Additionally, of the loan is at interest and was due on , and is in default. As at May 31, 2023 and 2022, accrued interest of and , respectively, has been recorded with respect to this loan. There is no additional interest charged on the note as a result of the default. Additionally, of the loan includes and that was reclassified from accounts payable as at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This amount is free interest, due on demand and unsecured. During the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company received advances of and , repaid advances of and and paid operating expenses of and , respectively. Management Fees During the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized and management fees for the Company s officer and paid management fees of and , respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company owed the Company s officer for the amount of and , respectively. F-10 Table of Contents . Accounts Payable and Accruals Related Party During the year ended May 31, 2022, an accounts payable related party balance of 219,000 owed to a Company controlled by officers of the Company, was forgiven and recorded as an increase to additional paid in capital. Additions Conversion Less: debt discount and deferred financing cost Less: current portion of convertible notes payable Long-term convertible notes payable On October 13, 2016, the Company received financing from an unrelated party in the amount of with original issue discount and incurred in financing costs. On December 29, 2017, the principal balance along with the related default penalties, accrued and unpaid interest, and the conversion rights were sold to another unrelated party. The original issue discount and financing costs were amortized over the original life of the note using the effective interest method. The note bears interest and matured on July 13, 2017. The note is currently in default and bears interest rate while in default on the outstanding balance of after of conversions in prior years. The holder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid conversion amount into fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock. The conversion price is the discount to the lowest traded price during the previous trading days to the date of a conversion notice. The Company may redeem the note at rates ranging from to depending on the redemption date. The note derivative is revalued at each period end with gains or losses included in the statement of operations (see note 6 for details). During the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized interest expense of and , respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had accrued interest of and , respectively. On October 14, 2021, the Company received financing from an unrelated party in the amount of with original issue discount and in financing costs, for net proceeds to the Company of . The original issue discount and financing costs are being amortized over the original life of the note using the effective interest method. The bears interest and matured on . The note is currently in default and bears 20 interest rate while in default on the outstanding balance of 217,875 after 57,125 of conversions in current year. The conversion price is per share (Fixed Conversion Price) at any time after days from the issue date, if an event of default, the conversion price shall be per share. On October 14, 2021, the Company agreed, in connection with the authorization and issuance of convertible note of , to issue an additional shares of common stock in accordance with the securities purchase agreement dated October 14, 2021, to the convertible note holder. On December 19, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved the modification of the current conversion price from to per share. F-11 Table of Contents principal into shares of common stock at price of per share and principal into shares of common stock at price of per share. During the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized interest expenses of and , and and amortization of debt discount, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had accrued interest of and and unamortized debt discount of and , respectively. (Note 5) for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined that the embedded conversion option should be classified as a liability due to there being no explicit limit to the number of shares to be delivered upon settlement of the above conversion options. The Company accounts for warrants as a derivative liability due to there being no explicit limit to the number of shares to be delivered upon settlement of all conversion options. The following table summarizes the derivative liabilities included in the balance sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022: Gain on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - May 31, 2022 Gain on change in fair value of the derivative Balance - May 31, 2023 The Company also recorded a gain on change in fair value of the derivative of and during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of May 31, 2023, the note was in default. The table below shows the Black-Scholes option-pricing model inputs used by the Company to value the derivative liability, as well as the determined value of the option liability at each measurement date, for the year ended May 31, 2022: - years Expected average volatility - - Expected dividend yield - - Risk-free interest rate - 0.00 Warrants On July 8, 2022, the Company issued warrants in connection with a License Agreement (Note 11). The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires six basic data inputs: the exercise or strike price, time to expiration, the risk-free interest rate, the current stock price, the estimated volatility of the stock price in the future, and the dividend rate. Changes to these inputs could produce a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. F-12 Table of Contents Exercise price Expected term years Expected average volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate On January 2, 2023, the Company entered into a termination agreement with the warrant holder and both parties mutually terminated and cancelled the License Agreement date July 8, 2022, and released each other from any and all claims, causes of action, demands and liabilities and obligations. As a result, the warrants were cancelled on the termination date. A summary of activity during the year ended May 31, 2023 is as follows: - Granted Exercised - Forfeited/cancelled - Outstanding, May 31, 2023 - Exercisable, May 31 2023 - April 7, 2023 April 7, 2025 Total notes payable Less: debt discount and deferred financing cost Total notes payable Current portion Long-term portion During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company entered into four promissory notes agreements with lenders for cash received and settlement of due related to purchase of digital equipment. According to the terms and conditions of the agreement, in the event of default the interest rate shall increase to and lenders have the right a to convert the unpaid principal and interest into common stock at a conversion rate of per share. F-13 Table of Contents , with net cash of to be paid in one or more tranches. According to the terms and conditions of the agreement, in the event of default the interest rate shall increase to and lenders have the right a to convert the unpaid principal and interest into common stock at a conversion rate of per share. During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company received the amount of with original issue discount and in financing costs for net proceeds to the Company of . The original issue discount and financing costs are being amortized over the original life of the note using the effective interest method. During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company recognized interest expense of and amortization of debt discount of . As of May 21, 2023, the outstanding balances of promissory notes, accrued interest and debt discount were , and , respectively. loan, due on demand, free interest and unsecured, and repaid . As of May 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of the loan was . shares of series A Preferred Stock at a par value of . The Series A Preferred Stock shall have no liquidation preference over any other class of stock and there will be no dividends due or payable on the Series A Preferred Stock. . On December 18, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved an increase to the Series A voting rights equal to 20,000 votes for each 1 share of common stock owned and resolved that each Series A Preferred Stock cannot convert into Common Stock unless it is approved by the Board of Directors. There were no issuances of the Series A Preferred Stock during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. On December 19, 2022, the As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and shares of series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. Series B Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Series B Preferred Stock at a par value of . The Series B Preferred Stock shall have no liquidation preference over any other class of stock and there will be no dividends due or payable on the Series B Preferred Stock. . There were no issuances of the Series B Preferred Stock during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series B Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. Series C Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a par value of . . There were no issuances of the Series C Preferred Stock during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. F-14 Table of Contents shares of Series C Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock at a par value of . During the year ended May 31, 2022, shares of Series D Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock at a rate of 1 share of Series D Preferred Stock for 15 shares of common stock. There were no issuances of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series D Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. Series E Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of series E Preferred Stock at a par value of . The Series E Preferred Stock shall have no liquidation preference over any other class of stock and there will be no dividends due or payable on the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. Beginning October 1, 2016, each share of , thereafter, the Company may elect to convert any outstanding stock at any time without notice to the shareholders. There were no issuances of the Series E Preferred Stock during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series E Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. Common stock The Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock at a par value of . During the year ended May 31, 2022, in connection with issuance of 275,000 convertible note (Note 5), the Company issued shares of common stock valued at . During the year ended May 31,2022, the Company issued shares on conversion of shares of Series D Preferred Stock. On December 19, 2022, the . During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company issued shares on conversion of of principal of a convertible note. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, respectively. Dividend On March 7, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend payment of to its shareholders equal to from the Company s Bitcoin mining. F-15 Table of Contents . The Company has accounted for these coins as indefinite life intangible assets. The Company recorded the mining of the coins as revenue from digital currency mining, along with cost of sales (electricity and other hosting fees) remitted to the co-location host in Bitcoin, and equipment lease costs. During the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized and losses, respectively, on sales of digital currency. The Company s digital currency consists of the following at May 31, 2023 and 2022: Additions earned Sales Remittance as cost of sales Impairment Ending balance shares of common stock of the Company at a price of per share for total value of to be amortized over the life of the agreement on a straight-line basis, recorded as an intangible asset with the offset to additional paid in capital (Note 6). The Licensor had a right to exercise the warrants six months after the August 15, 2022, effective date of the License Agreement. During the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company amortized of license. On January 2, 2023, the Company entered into a termination agreement with Licensor and both parties mutually terminated and cancelled the License Agreement date July 8, 2022 and released each other from any and all claims, causes of action, demands and liabilities and obligations effective December 30,2022. Pursuant to the termination agreement, the Company reversed and cancelled warrants of shares of common stock, licenses of , royalty payable of and amortization of License. F-16 Table of Contents Effect on operating losses Changes in the net deferred tax assets consist of the following: Effective tax rate Tax benefit of net operating loss carryforward Increase in valuation allowance Deferred income tax assets A reconciliation of income taxes computed at the statutory rate is as follows: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset . for common shares. On August 4, 2023, shares of common stock owned by one director was cancelled. In July 2023, the Company s officers and directors agreed to cancel one billion shares of their own issued and outstanding common stock reducing the number of common shares outstanding. On August 4, 2023, shares of common stock owned by one director was cancelled. On July 11, 2023, the . The record date is August 31, 2023, with an expected payment date of September 30, 2023. The dividend payment is subject to the Company s corporation action being processed by FINRA. F-17 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Management s Report on Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principle accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As of May 31, 2023, the end of our fiscal year covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the foregoing, our chief executive officer (our principal executive officer) and our chief financial officer (our principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting responsibility, estimates and judgments by management are required to assess the expected benefits and related costs of control procedures. The objectives of internal control include providing management with reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that transactions are executed in accordance with management s authorization and recorded properly to permit the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework - 2013 . Our management has concluded that, as of May 31, 2023, our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective. Our management reviewed the results of their assessment with our board of directors. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit our Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Identified Material Weakness A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the financial statements will not be prevented or detected. 24 Table of Contents Management identified the following material weaknesses during its assessment of internal controls over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023: No independent directors : Our Company does not have any independent directors. No segregation of duties : Ineffective controls over financial reporting. No audit committee: Our Company does not have an audit committee. No written policies and procedures : We need to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity transactions, and prepare, review and submit SEC filings in a timely manner. Management s Remediation Initiatives As our resources allow, we will add financial personnel to our management team. We plan to prepare written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting to establish a formal process to close our books monthly on an accrual basis and account for all transactions, including equity transactions. We will also create an audit committee made up of our independent directors. As of May 31, 2023, our Company has not taken any remediation actions to address these weaknesses in our controls even though they were identified during the year. Our Company s management expects, once it is in the financial position to do so, to hire additional staff in our accounting department to be able to segregate the duties. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance, interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended May 31, 2023 that have materially or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 25 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance All directors of our Company hold office until the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our Company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: Name Position Held with the Company Age Date First Elected or Appointed Nate Steck President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 53 May 12, 2014 Marc Kassoff Vice-President, Chief Financial Officer and Director 76 May 12, 2014 Timothy Denton Secretary and Director 73 May 12, 2014 Business Experience The following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our Company, indicating the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out. Nate Steck President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Mr. Steck is an entrepreneur and trained French Chef and with over 20 years experience in Product Development and Food Production. He has developed over 30 successful products from concept to shelf with National distribution for consumer brands and private labels, cumulative sales of 175M. He is the Co-Founder of Batter Blaster, Co-Founder of Elena s Food Specialties and Founder of Elite foods. Our Company believes that Mr. Steck s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our Company. Marc Kassoff Vice-President, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Kassoff currently the President and CEO of Meyer, Christian and Associates, Inc. a healthcare subrogation firm. This has been his position for the last 20 years. Mr. Kassoff is also on the Board of the Effect and Encompass which serves the South Orange County community as a Drug and Alcohol Recovery Program. Our Company believes that Mr. Kassoff s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our Company. . Timothy Denton Secretary and Director Mr. Denton has practiced law in California since 1981, and during that time he has represented and assisted dozens of start-up companies and other businesses, handling both matters involving transactional business as well as civil litigation. For over 13 years he has been the Supervising Attorney at the firm of Meyer Christian Associates, primarily representing hospitals and medical provider groups, working with his clients to ensure regulatory compliance with state and federal laws and agencies. He has continued to work with business development issues for a number of start-up businesses throughout this period, including assisting in the development of Nate s Food, Co. Our Company believes that Mr. Denton s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as an officer of our Company. Employment Agreements We have no formal employment agreements with any of our directors or officers. 26 Table of Contents Family Relationships There are no family relationships between any of our directors, executive officers and proposed directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 1. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 2. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. Compliance with Section 16(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5, respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by our Company, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Form 5s were required for those persons, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners as well as our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners of our subsidiaries were complied with, with the exception of the following: 27 Table of Contents Name Number of Late Reports Number of Transactions Not Reported on a Timely Basis Failure to File Requested Forms Nate Steck -- -- 1 (1) Marc Kassoff -- -- 1 (1) Timothy Denton -- -- 1 (1) ____________ (1) The insider is late filing beneficial ownership forms. The required beneficial ownership forms are expected to be filed subsequent to the filing of this Form 10-K. Code of Ethics Our Company s board of directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to, among other persons, our Company s principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer, as well as persons performing similar functions. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request. Requests can be sent to: Nate s Food Co., 15151 Springdale Street Huntington Beach, California 92649. Board and Committee Meetings Our board of directors held no formal meetings during the year ended May 31, 2023. All proceedings of the board of directors were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Colorado Revised Statutes and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. Nomination Process As of May 31, 2023, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. Our board of directors does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our board of directors has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our Company s requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the board considers a nominee for a position on our board of directors. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our board, they may do so by sending communications to the president of our Company at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not have a standing audit committee as we currently have limited working capital and minimal revenues. Should we be able to raise sufficient funding to execute our business plan, we will form an audit, compensation committee and other applicable committees utilizing our directors expertise. Audit Committee Financial Expert Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We do not currently have a director who is qualified to act as the head of the audit committee or as a financial expert. Item 11. Executive Compensation 28 Table of Contents The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our Company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Nate Steck 2023 36,000 - - - - - - 36,000 President, CEO and Director 2022 - - - - - - - - Marc Kassoff 2023 - - - - - - - - Vice-President, CFO and Director 2022 - - - - - - - - Timothy Denton 2023 - - - - - - - - Secretary and Director 2022 - - - - - - - - There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. Grants of Plan-Based Awards During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, we did not grant any stock options. Option Exercises and Stock Vested During our fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, there were no options exercised by our named officers. 29 Table of Contents Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our board of directors. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the board of directors or a committee thereof. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our Company during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to our Company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth, as of September 12, 2023, certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common and preferred shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our common and preferred shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common and preferred stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of common and preferred stock, except as otherwise indicated. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(6) Nate Steck 15151 Springdale St, Huntington Beach, CA 92649 506,974,000 Common Stock / Direct 957,552 Series A Preferred / Direct 21,292 Series B Preferred / Direct 47,807 Series C Preferred / Direct 1,000,000 Series D Preferred / Direct 1,196,000 Series E Preferred / Direct 15.8 49.99 14.2 19.1 16.6 8.0 Marc Kassoff 15151 Springdale St, Huntington Beach, CA 92649 5,296,000 Common Stock / Direct 957,551 Series A Preferred / Direct 52,970 Series B Preferred / Direct 47,807 Series C Preferred / Direct 1,000,000 Series D Preferred / Direct 1,196,000 Series E Preferred / Direct 0.16 49.99 35.3 19.1 16.6 8.0 Timothy Denton 15151 Springdale St, Huntington Beach, CA 92649 5,000,000 Common Stock / Direct 25 Series A Preferred / Direct 20,419 Series B Preferred / Direct 47,806 Series C Preferred / Direct 1,000,000 Series D Preferred / Direct 1,196,000 Series E Preferred / Direct 0.16 - 13.6 19.1 16.6 8.0 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 517,270,000 Common Stock 1,915,128 Series A Preferred 94,681 Series B Preferred 143,420 Series C Preferred 3,000,000 Series D Preferred 3,588,000 Series E Preferred 16.12 99.99 63.1 57.4 50.0 23.9 Jeremy Kaplan 15151 Springdale St, Huntington Beach, CA 92649 5,000,000 Common Srock /Direct 25 Series A Preferred / Direct 20,469 Series B Preferred / Direct 47,806 Series C Preferred / Direct 1,000,000 Series D Preferred / Direct 1,196,000 Series E Preferred / Direct 0.16 - 13.6 19.1 16.6 8.0 _________________ represents an amount less than 1 30 Table of Contents (1) Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on September 12, 2023. As of September 12, 2023, there were 3,208,024,616 shares of our Company s common stock issued and outstanding. (2) Our Company is authorized to issue 2,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001. As of May 31, 2023, there were 1,940,153 shares of our Company s Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. (3) Our Company is authorized to issue 150,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001. As of May 31, 2023, there were 150,000 shares of our Company s Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. (4) Our Company is authorized to issue 250,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value 1.00. As of May 31, 2023, there were 250,000 shares of our Company s Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. (5) Our Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of Series D Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001. The Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of our common stock. As of May 31, 2023, and there were 6,000,000 shares of our Company s Series D Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Of the Series D Preferred Stock outstanding, 3,000,000 are held by our directors or officers and upon conversion, no current holder of the Series D Preferred Stock would be a beneficial owner of 5 or more of our common stock. (6) Our Company is authorized to issue 15,000,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001. As of May 31, ,2023, there were 14,989,500 shares of our Company s Series E Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Of the Series E Preferred Stock outstanding, 3,588,000 are held by our directors and officers. Upon conversion no current holder of the Series E Preferred stock would be a beneficial owner of 5 or more of our common stock. Changes in Control We are unaware of any contract or other arrangement or provisions of our Articles or Bylaws the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of our Company. There are not any provisions in our Articles or Bylaws, the operation of which would delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our Company. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended May 31, 2023, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years. 31 Table of Contents Notes Payable Related Party As at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the total amount owed to an officer was 397,935 and 388,687, respectively. Of May 31, 2023, amount 57,000 of the loan is at 10 interest and was to be repaid by June 28, 2017, and currently is in default, and as at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, accrued interest of 39,479 and 33,779, respectively, in interest has been recorded with respect to this loan. There is no additional interest charged on the note as a result of the default. Additionally, 71,902 of the loan is at 10 interest and due on December 31, 2015, and currently in default and as at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, accrued interest of 62,575 and 55,385, respectively, in interest has been recorded with respect to this loan. There is no additional interest charged on the note as a result of the default. Additionally, 269,033 of the loan includes 175,571 and 181,711 that was reclassified from accounts payable as at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This amount is free interest, due on demand and unsecured. During the years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company received advances of 17,338 and 2,000, repaid advances of 15,685 and 0 and paid operating expenses of 7,595 and 0, respectively. Management Fees During the years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company recognized 36,000 and 0 management fees for the Company s officer and paid management fees of 4,000 and 0, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company owed the Company s officer for the amount of 32,000 and 0, respectively. Issuance of Common Stock On December 19, 2022, the Company s Board of Director approved the issuance of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock to two its officers in exchange for 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock. Accounts Payable and Accruals Related Party During the year ended May 31, 2022, an accounts payable related party balance of 219,000 owed to a company controlled by officers of the Company, was forgiven and recorded as an increase to additional paid in capital. Director Independence We currently act with three directors, consisting of Nate Steck, Marc Kassoff and Timothy Denton. We have determined that none of our directors is an independent director, as that term is used in Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Rules of National Association of Securities Dealers. Currently our audit committee consists of our entire board of directors. We currently do not have nominating, compensation committees or committees performing similar functions. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nomination for directors. From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our audit committee and the board of directors have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 32 Table of Contents Year Ended May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Audit Fees 20,500 17,500 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 20,500 17,500 Our board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the board of directors either before or after the respective services were rendered. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our Company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits 33 Table of Contents Exhibit Number Description (3) Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on September 14, 2007) 3.2 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on September 14, 2007) 3.3 Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on July 29, 2014) 3.4 Restated Articles of Incorporation filed with the Colorado Secretary of State on September 18, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 6, 2016) 3.5 Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series D Preferred Stock filed with the Colorado Secretary of State on June 28, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 6, 2016) 3.6 Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 4, 2017) 3.7 Amended Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s S-1 dated May 16, 2022 and incorporated by reference). (31) Rule 13a-14 (d)/15d-14d) Certifications 31.1 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 31.2 Section 302 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 32.2 Section 906 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 101 Interactive Data File 101. Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104. Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. ____________ Filed herewith. Furnished herewith Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 34 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. NATE S FOOD CO. (Registrant) Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Nate Steck Nate Steck President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Marc Kassoff Marc Kassoff Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Nate Steck Nate Steck President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Marc Kassoff Marc Kassoff Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Timothy Denton Timothy Denton Secretary and Director 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 nhmd_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nhmd_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Nate Steck, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nate s Food Co.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the certifying officer I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. As the certifying officer I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Nate Steck Nate Steck President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 nhmd_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nhmd_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT I, Marc Kassoff, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nate s Food Co.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the certifying officer I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. As the certifying officer I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Marc Kassoff Marc Kassoff Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 nhmd_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nhmd_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Nate s Food Co., a Colorado corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report Nate Steck, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Nate Steck Nate Steck President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 nhmd_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 nhmd_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) In connection with the Annual Report of Nate s Food Co., a Colorado corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report Marc Kassoff, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, does hereby certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. ss. 1350), that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. Dated: September 13, 2023 /s/ Marc Kassoff Marc Kassoff Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nhmd-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nhmd-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 nhmd-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nhmd-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

