<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230926_10-K_edgar_data_1629210_0000950170-23-049730.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10239258</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>225714</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2758905</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3844993</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1406585</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1800548</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-049730.hdr.sgml : 20230926
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230925174248
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-049730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230926
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230925

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Paramount Gold Nevada Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001629210
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				980138393
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36908
		FILM NUMBER:		231276700

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		665 ANDERSON STREET
		CITY:			WINNEMUCCA
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89445
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(775) 625-3600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		665 ANDERSON STREET
		CITY:			WINNEMUCCA
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89445

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-049730.txt : 20230926

10-K
 1
 pzg-20230630.htm
 10-K

10-K 

-8 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

, 0.01 Par Value Per Share 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on the NYSE American LLC on December 31, 2022, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of September 21, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 8 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 14 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 14 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 31 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 32 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 33 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 33 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 37 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 37 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 38 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 38 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 38 

Item 9C 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 38 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 39 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 39 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 39 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 39 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 39 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 40 

i 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws relating to Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. Paramount , we , us , our , or the Company which represent our current expectations or beliefs including, but not limited to, statements concerning our operations, performance, and financial condition. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, credit losses, dependence on management and key personnel, variability of quarterly results, and our ability to continue growth. Statements in this annual report regarding planned drilling activities and any other statements about Paramount s future expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or prospects constitute forward-looking statements. You should also see our risk factors beginning on page 8 . For this purpose, any statements contained in this Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, words such as may , anticipate , intend , could , estimate , or continue or the negative or other comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Other matters such as our growth strategy and competition are beyond our control. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes and results could differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors, nor can we assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING DISCLOSURE OF MINERAL PROPERTIES 
 Mineral Reserves and Resources 
 We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and applicable Canadian securities laws, and as a result we report our mineral reserves and mineral resources according to two different standards. U.S. reporting requirements, for disclosure of mineral properties, are governed by Item 1300 of Regulation S-K S-K 1300 ), as issued by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Canadian reporting requirements for disclosure of mineral properties are governed by National Instrument 43-101 Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects NI 43-101 ), as adopted from the definitions provided by the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum. Both sets of reporting standards have similar goals in terms of conveying an appropriate level of confidence in the disclosures being reported, but the standards embody slightly different approaches and definitions. In our public filings in the U.S. and Canada and in certain other announcements not filed with the SEC, we disclose proven and probable reserves and measured, indicated and inferred resources, each as defined in S-K 1300. The estimation of measured resources and indicated resources involves greater uncertainty as to their existence and economic feasibility than the estimation of proven and probable reserves, and therefore investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of measured or indicated resources will ever be converted into S-K 1300-compliant reserves. The estimation of inferred resources involves far greater uncertainty as to their existence and economic viability than the estimation of other categories of resources, and therefore it cannot be assumed that all or any part of inferred resources will ever be upgraded to a higher category. Therefore, investors are cautioned not to assume that all or any part of inferred resources exist, or that they can be mined legally or economically. Technical Report Summaries and Qualified Persons 
 The scientific and technical information concerning our mineral projects in this Form 10-K have been reviewed and approved by qualified persons under S-K 1300. For a description of the key assumptions, parameters and methods used to estimate mineral reserves and mineral resources included in this Form 10-K, as well as data verification procedures and a general discussion of the extent to which the estimates may be affected by any known environmental, permitting, legal, title, taxation, sociopolitical, marketing or other relevant factors, please review the Technical Report Summaries for each of the Company s material properties which are included as exhibits to, and incorporated by reference into, this Report. 
 1 

GLOSSARY OF MINING TERMS 
 In this report, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 alteration any change in the mineral composition of a rock brought about by physical or chemical means. 
 assay a measure of the valuable mineral content. 
 cut-off grade - is the grade (i.e., the concentration of metal or mineral in rock) that determines the destination of the material during mining. For purposes of establishing prospects of economic extraction, the cut-off grade is the grade that distinguishes material deemed to have no economic value (it will not be mined in underground mining or if mined in surface mining, its destination will be the waste dump) from material deemed to have economic value (its ultimate destination during mining will be a processing facility). Other terms used in similar fashion as cut-off grade include net smelter return, pay limit, and break-even stripping ratio. 
 development stage is an issuer that is engaged in the preparation of mineral reserves for extraction on at least one material property. 
 development stage property - is a property that has mineral reserves disclosed, pursuant to S-K 1300, but no material extraction. 
 dip the angle that a structural surface, a bedding or fault plane, makes with the horizontal, measured perpendicular to the strike of the structure. 
 disseminated where minerals occur as scattered particles in the rock. 
 exploration results - are data and information generated by mineral exploration programs (i.e., programs consisting of sampling, drilling, trenching, analytical testing, assaying, and other similar activities undertaken to locate, investigate, define or delineate a mineral prospect or mineral deposit) that are not part of a disclosure of mineral resources or reserves. A registrant must not use exploration results alone to derive estimates of tonnage, grade, and production rates, or in an assessment of economic viability. 
 exploration stage property is a property that has no mineral reserves disclosed. 
 fault a surface or zone of rock fracture along which there has been displacement. 
 feasibility study is a comprehensive technical and economic study of the selected development option for a mineral project, which includes detailed assessments of all applicable modifying factors, as defined by this section, together with any other relevant operational factors, and detailed financial analysis that are necessary to demonstrate, at the time of reporting, that extraction is economically viable. The results of the study may serve as the basis for a final decision by a proponent or financial institution to proceed with, or finance, the development of the project. 
 (1) A feasibility study is more comprehensive, and with a higher degree of accuracy, than a pre-feasibility study. It must contain mining, infrastructure, and process designs completed with sufficient rigor to serve as the basis for an investment decision or to support project financing. 

(2) The confidence level in the results of a feasibility study is higher than the confidence level in the results of a pre-feasibility study. Terms such as full, final, comprehensive, bankable, or definitive feasibility study are equivalent to a feasibility study. 

formation a distinct layer of sedimentary rock of similar composition. 
 geochemistry the study of the distribution and amounts of the chemical elements in minerals, ores, rocks, solids, water, and the atmosphere. 
 geophysical surveys a survey method used primarily in the mining industry as an exploration tool, applying the methods of physics and engineering to the earth s surface. 
 grade quantity of metal per unit weight of host rock. 
 heap leach a mineral processing method involving the crushing and stacking of an ore on an impermeable liner upon which solutions are sprayed to dissolve metals, e.g., gold, copper etc.; the solutions containing the metals are then collected and treated to recover the metals. 
 host rock the rock in which a mineral or an ore body may be contained. 
 indicated mineral resource - is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of adequate geological evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with an indicated mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified person to apply modifying factors in sufficient detail to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because an indicated mineral resource has a lower level of confidence than the level of confidence of a measured mineral resource, an indicated mineral resource may only be converted to a probable mineral reserve. 
 2 

initial assessment - is a preliminary technical and economic study of the economic potential of all or parts of mineralization to support the disclosure of mineral resources. The initial assessment must be prepared by a qualified person and must include appropriate assessments of reasonably assumed technical and economic factors, together with any other relevant operational factors, that are necessary to demonstrate at the time of reporting that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. An initial assessment is required for disclosure of mineral resources but cannot be used as the basis for disclosure of mineral reserves. 
 induced polarization is a geophysical imaging technique used to identify the electrical chargeability of subsurface materials, such as ore. 
 inferred mineral resource - is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological evidence and sampling. The level of geological uncertainty associated with an inferred mineral resource is too high to apply relevant technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability. Because an inferred mineral resource has the lowest level of geological confidence of all mineral resources, which prevents the application of the modifying factors in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability, an inferred mineral resource may not be considered when assessing the economic viability of a mining project, and may not be converted to a mineral reserve. 
 in-situ in its natural position. 
 mapped or geological mapping the recording of geologic information including rock units and the occurrence of structural features, attitude of bedrock, and mineral deposits on maps. 
 measured mineral resource - is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of conclusive geological evidence and sampling. The level of geological certainty associated with a measured mineral resource is sufficient to allow a qualified person to apply modifying factors, as defined in this section, in sufficient detail to support detailed mine planning and final evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. Because a measured mineral resource has a higher level of confidence than the level of confidence of either an indicated mineral resource or an inferred mineral resource, a measured mineral resource may be converted to a proven mineral reserve or to a probable mineral reserve. 
 mineral resource is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth's crust in such form, grade or quality, and quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. A mineral resource is a reasonable estimate of mineralization, taking into account relevant factors such as cut-off grade, likely mining dimensions, location or continuity, that, with the assumed and justifiable technical and economic conditions, is likely to, in whole or in part, become economically extractible. It is not merely an inventory of all mineralization drilled or sampled. 
 mineralization a natural accumulation or concentration in rocks or soil of one or more potentially economic minerals; also the process by which minerals are introduced or concentrated in a rock. 
 open pit or open cut surface mining in which the ore is extracted from a pit or quarry, the geometry of the pit may vary with the characteristics of the ore body. 
 ore mineral bearing rock that can be mined and treated profitably under current or immediately foreseeable economic conditions. 
 ore body a mostly solid and fairly continuous mass of mineralization estimated to be economically mineable. 
 outcrop that part of a geologic formation or structure that appears at the surface of the earth. 
 preliminary economic assessment a study that includes an economic analysis of the potential viability of mineral resources taken at an early stage of the project prior to the completion of a preliminary feasibility study. 
 preliminary feasibility study or pre-feasibility study or PFS) is a comprehensive study of a range of options for the technical and economic viability of a mineral project that has advanced to a stage where a qualified person has determined (in the case of underground mining) a preferred mining method, or (in the case of surface mining) a pit configuration, and in all cases has determined an effective method of mineral processing and an effective plan to sell the product. 
 (1) A pre-feasibility study includes a financial analysis based on reasonable assumptions, based on appropriate testing, about the modifying factors and the evaluation of any other relevant factors that are sufficient for a qualified person to determine if all or part of the indicated and measured mineral resources may be converted to mineral reserves at the time of reporting. The financial analysis must have the level of detail necessary to demonstrate, at the time of reporting, that extraction is economically viable. 
 (2) A pre-feasibility study is less comprehensive and results in a lower confidence level than a feasibility study. A pre-feasibility study is more comprehensive and results in a higher confidence level than an initial assessment. 
 probable mineral reserve - is the economically mineable part of an indicated and, in some cases, a measured mineral resource. 
 3 

production stage property is a property with material extraction of mineral reserves. 
 proven mineral reserve is the economically mineable part of a measured mineral resource and can only result from conversion of a measured mineral resource. 
 qualified person - is an individual who is: 
 (1) A mineral industry professional with at least five years of relevant experience in the type of mineralization and type of deposit under consideration and in the specific type of activity that person is undertaking on behalf of the registrant; and 
 (2) An eligible member or licensee in good standing of a recognized professional organization at the time the technical report is prepared. For an organization to be a recognized professional organization, it must: 
 (i) Be either: 
 (A) An organization recognized within the mining industry as a reputable professional association; or (B) A board authorized by U.S. federal, state or foreign statute to regulate professionals in the mining, geo-science or related field; 
 (ii) Admit eligible members primarily on the basis of their academic qualifications and experience; (iii) Establish and require compliance with professional standards of competence and ethics; (iv) Require or encourage continuing professional development; (v) Have and apply disciplinary powers, including the power to suspend or expel a member regardless of where the member practices or resides; and (vi) Provide a public list of members in good standing. 
 quartz a mineral composed of silicon dioxide, SiO2 (silica) 
 RC (reverse circulation) drilling a drilling method using a tri-cone bit or hammer bit, during which rock cuttings are pushed from the bottom of the drill hole to the surface through an inner tube, by liquid and/or air pressure moving through an outer tube. 
 rock indurated naturally occurring mineral matter of various compositions. 
 sediment particles transported by water, wind, gravity or ice. 
 sedimentary rock rock formed at the earth s surface from solid particles, whether mineral or organic, which have been moved from their position of origin and re-deposited. 
 strike the direction or trend that a structural surface, e.g. a bedding or fault plane, takes as it intersects the horizontal. 
 strip to remove barren rock or overburden in order to expose ore. 
 sulfide a mineral including sulfur (S) and iron (Fe) as well as other elements; metallic sulfur-bearing mineral often associated with gold mineralization. 
 
 4 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. is a Nevada corporation formed on June 15, 1992 under the name X-Cal (USA), Inc. Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. common stock trades on the NYSE American LLC under the symbol PZG. Unless the context otherwise requires, reference to we, us, our, Paramount, the Company and other similar references refer to Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. 
 INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING AND ORGANIZATIONAL TRANSACTIONS 
 On April 17, 2015, we entered into the previously disclosed separation and distribution agreement (the Separation Agreement with Paramount Gold and Silver Corp. PGSC ), to effect the separation (the separation of the Company from PGSC, and to provide for the allocation between the Company and PGSC of the Company s and PGSC s assets, liabilities and obligations attributable to periods prior to, at and after the separation. 
 We filed a registration statement on Form S-1 in connection with the distribution (the distribution by PGSC to its stockholders of all the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, par value 0.01 per share. The registration statement was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on April 9, 2015. On April 6, 2015, the Company filed a Form 8-A with the SEC to register its shares of common stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The distribution, which effected a spin-off of the Company from PGSC, was made on April 17, 2015, to PGSC stockholders of record on April 14, 2015. On the distribution date, stockholders of PGSC received one share of Company common stock for every 20 shares of PGSC common stock held. Up to and including the distribution date, PGSC common stock traded on the regular-way market that is, with an entitlement to shares of Company common stock distributed pursuant to the distribution. As a result of the distribution, the Company is now a publicly traded company independent from PGSC. On April 20, 2015, the Company s shares of common stock commenced trading on the NYSE American LLC (formerly NYSE MKT) under the symbol PZG . An aggregate of 8,101,371 shares of Company common stock were distributed in the distribution. In connection with our separation from PGSC and PGSC s merger with and into Coeur Mining, Inc. Coeur ), PGSC contributed approximately 8.45 million to us as an equity contribution, and we issued 417,420 shares of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, to Coeur in exchange for a cash payment by Coeur in the amount of 1.47 million. 
 On March 14, 2016, Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. and Calico Resources Corp. Calico entered into an Arrangement Agreement providing for the acquisition of Calico by Paramount. On July 7, 2016, after having received the approval of the Supreme Court of British Columbia to the transaction, Paramount and Calico completed the transaction contemplated by the Arrangement Agreement, pursuant to which Calico became a wholly owned subsidiary of Paramount. 
 On November 14, 2016, Calico Resources Corp. was merged into Calico Resources USA Corp. As a result, Calico Resources USA Corp. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Paramount. 
 OVERVIEW OF PARAMOUNT GOLD NEVADA CORP. 
 We are engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing precious metals projects in the United States of America. Paramount owns both exploration and development stage projects in the states of Nevada and Oregon. We enhance the value of our projects by implementing exploration and engineering programs that are likely to expand and upgrade known mineral resources to mineral reserves. To further advance our projects towards the production decision, we manage the completion of the appropriate technical studies including feasibility studies and undertake permitting processes with the relevant local, state and federal regulators. Paramount believes there are several ways to realize the value of its projects: selling its projects to producers; joint venturing its projects with other companies; or building and operating small mines on its own. 
 The Company s material Nevada property, the Sleeper Gold Project Sleeper ), is located in Humboldt County, Nevada. 
 Our material Oregon property, known as the Grassy Mountain Project Grassy Mountain ), is located in Malheur County, Oregon, and was acquired by way of statutory plan of arrangement in the Province of British Columbia, Canada with Calico in July 2016. 
 INTER-CORPORATE RELATIONSHIPS 
 We currently have three active wholly owned direct subsidiaries: 
 New Sleeper Gold LLC and Sleeper Mining Company, LLC, which operate our mining interests in Nevada. 
 5 

Calico Resources USA Corp., which holds our interest in the Grassy Mountain Project in Oregon. 
 The Company s corporate structure is as follows: 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The mineral exploration industry is highly competitive. We compete with junior and senior mineral exploration companies, independent producers and institutional and individual investors who are actively seeking to acquire mineral exploration properties throughout the United States together with the equipment, labor and materials required to explore on those properties. Competition for the acquisition of mineral exploration properties is intense with many mineral exploration leases or concessions available through a competitive bidding process in which we may lack the technological information or expertise available to other bidders. Accordingly, these competitors may be able to spend greater amounts on acquiring mineral exploration interests of merit or on exploring or developing their mineral exploration properties. This advantage could enable our competitors to acquire mineral exploration properties of greater quality and interest to prospective investors who may choose to finance their exploration and development projects instead of the Company s. Such competition could adversely impact our ability to attain the financing necessary for us to acquire further mineral exploration properties. 
 We do not compete with anyone with respect to our existing mineral claims because they are 100 controlled or owned by us. We believe we have or can acquire on reasonable terms the equipment, technical expertise and materials necessary to explore and develop our current properties. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 General 
 Our business is subject to extensive federal, state and local laws governing the exploring, development, production, mine closure and reclamation, labor standards, taxes, protection of wildlife and other matters. The costs to comply with government regulations are substantial and possible future regulation could cause additional expenditures, restrictions and delays in the exploration and development of our properties. We cannot predict to extent future regulations might have an impact. Future changes to U.S. federal, state or local laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect upon us and our results of operations. For additional information regarding key regulatory risks, please the section titled Risk Factors included in Item 1A. 
 Mining Claim Maintenance 
 6 

Activities on our properties are conducted both upon federally owned land and private land. Most federally owned land is administered by the Bureau of Land Management BLM ). On existing claims owned by the federal government, we are required to pay annual claim maintenance fees of 165 per claim on or before September 1st at the State Office of the BLM. In addition, we are required to pay the county recorder of the county in which the claim is situated an annual fee. The county fees in Nevada and Oregon are 12.00 and 5.00 per claim, respectively. On certain claims we own, we are required to pay a fee of 165.00 for each 20 acres of an association placer. For any new claims we acquire by staking, we must file a certificate of location with the State Office of the BLM within 90 days of making the claim along with a fee equal to the amount of the annual claim maintenance fee. 
 Annual Payments we have made to federal and other state agencies to maintain our claims for the upcoming 2023-24 year are as follows: 

Property 
 
 Number of Claims 1 

Total Annual Payment to Maintain Claims 2 

Sleeper Gold Project and Other Nevada Claims 
 
 2,623 

490,194 

Grassy Mountain Project and Other Oregon Claims 
 
 548 

97,313 

Total Annual Payment to Maintain Mining Claims 

587,507 

1. Does not include any placer claims contained within existing unpatented lode claims 
 2. Includes all fees paid to the BLM, respective counties and legal fees to file the claims 
 Permitting 
 The Grassy Mountain, Sleeper and other properties are subject to extensive U.S. federal and state permitting laws and regulations for the exploration, development and reclamation activities we undertake. For exploration activities on U.S. federally owned land, we are required to submit a Plan of Operation PoO with the BLM, obtain permits and post financial security bonds that guarantee that reclamation is performed. We have received all permits required to carry out exploration activities for our material properties. 
 We are currently in the application phase of the permitting process of obtaining both state and federal permits that will allow us to build and operate a mine at Grassy Mountain. The permitting process for both federal and state levels requires us, among other things, a thorough study to determine the baseline conditions of the mining site and surrounding area, an environmental impact analysis, and proposed mitigation measures to minimize and offset the environmental impact of mining operations. 
 Reclamation of Previous Operations 
 Paramount is responsible for managing the reclamation activities from the previous mine operations at the Sleeper Gold Mine as directed by the BLM and the Nevada State Department of Environmental Protection NDEP ). As part of the comprehensive reclamation program, we undertake activities that include on-going monitoring and reporting, stabilizing, contouring, pond conversions and re-vegetating activities. Reclamation activities are conducted in accordance in with detailed plans which must be reviewed and approved by the both the BLM and NDEP. Additional information regarding our reclamation activities at Sleeper on Page 23 . 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of June 30, 2023, we employed seven full-time employees and one consultant. 
 As an organization, we maintain a comprehensive compensation and benefits program to attract, retain and reward the talented employees who contribute to our business. In addition to a competitive base salary, our compensation and benefits program includes equity-based compensation and cash bonuses. We align the interest of our employees, consultants and directors with those of our shareholders by granting equity compensation with vesting conditions contingent upon meeting defined performance goals. These compensation programs are continually evaluated and updated by our Compensation Committee, our Board of Directors (our Board and management team, as appropriate, to reflect the evolving nature of our business and to remain competitive in attracting and retaining skilled talent. 
 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE RESPONSIBILITY 
 At Paramount, we are committed to ensuring our business practices integrate to the fullest extent our corporate sustainability policy and environmental, social and governance priorities ESG ). Our sustainability framework was developed by engaging our key stakeholders with to goal of integrating sustainability into the Paramount business planning process. Paramount is committed to being the partner of choice by communities where it operates. To do this we need to build and maintain a strong reputation based on environmental stewardship and cultivating societal success. As we advance with our permitting efforts at our Grassy Mountain Project in Oregon we strive to achieve the following: i) achieve the smallest physical imprint when we close a mine and leave the land 
 7 

as close to the way we found it as possible, ii) work actively with the local communities in which we operate to participate in long-term economic development, and iii) implementing strong governance practices that promote environmental stewardship, societal success and strengthen equity performance. 
 AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 We file electronically with the SEC our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make available on our website at http://www.paramountnevada.com, free of charge, copies of these reports and other information as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Information found on, or accessible through, our website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The SEC maintains an internet site that also contains these filings at http://www.sec.gov. 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 Described below are certain risks that we believe apply to our business and the industry in which we operate. You should carefully consider each of the following risk factors in conjunction with others provided in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other public disclosures. The risks described below highlight potential events, trends or other circumstances that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or access to sources of financing, and consequently, the market value of our common stock. These risks could cause our future results to differ materially from historical results. The risks described below are those that we have identified as material and is not an exhaustive list of all the risks we face. There may be others that we have not identified or that we have deemed to be immaterial. All forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf are qualified by the risks described below. 
 Risk Related to Our Industry 
 The estimation of mineral reserves and mineral resources is imprecise and depends upon subjective factors. 
 Estimated mineral reserves and mineral resources may not be realized in actual production. Our results of operations and financial position may be adversely affected by inaccurate estimates. The mineral reserve and mineral resource figures presented in our public filings are estimates made by independent mining consultants with whom we contract. Mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates are a function of geological and engineering analyses that require us to make assumptions about production costs, recoveries and gold and silver market prices. Mineral reserve and mineral resource estimation is an imprecise and subjective process. The accuracy of such estimates is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation, judgment and experience. Assumptions about gold and silver market prices are subject to great uncertainty as those prices fluctuate widely. Declines in the market prices of gold, silver, zinc or lead may render mineral reserves and mineral resources containing relatively lower grades of mineralization uneconomic to exploit, and we may be required to reduce mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates, discontinue development at one or more of our properties or write down assets as impaired. New or updated technical or geological information may also impact anticipated metal recovery rates. Any of these adjustments may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The precious metals markets are volatile markets. This will have a direct impact on our revenues (if any) and profits (if any) and could have an adverse effect on our ongoing operations. 
 The price of both gold and silver has fluctuated significantly over the past few years. Despite the volatility in the price of gold, there continues to be interest in gold and silver mining and companies engaged in that business, including the exploration for both gold and silver. However, in the event that the price of these metals falls, the interest in the gold and silver mining industry may decline and the value of our business could be adversely affected. Even if we are able to generate revenues, there can be no assurance that any of our operations will prove to be profitable. Finally, in recent decades, there have been periods of both overproduction and underproduction of both gold and silver resources. Such conditions have resulted in periods of excess supply of and reduced demand on a worldwide basis and on a domestic basis. These periods have been followed by periods of short supply of and increased demand for both gold and silver. We cannot predict what the market for gold or silver will be in the future. 
 Mining operations are hazardous, raise environmental concerns and raise insurance risks. 
 The development and operation of a mine or mineral property involves many risks, which even a combination of experience, knowledge and careful evaluation may not be able to overcome. These risks include, among other things, ground fall, flooding, environmental hazards and the discharge of toxic chemicals, explosions and other accidents. Such occurrences may result in work stoppages, delays in production, increased production costs, damage to or destruction of mines and other producing facilities, injury or loss of life, damage to property, environmental damage and possible legal liability for such damages as well. Although the Company 
 8 

maintains liability coverage in an amount which it considers adequate for its operations, such occurrences, against which the Company may not be able, or may elect not to insure, may result in a material adverse change in the Company s financial position. The nature of these risks is such that liabilities may exceed policy limits, in which event the Company would incur substantial uninsured losses. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental and other regulatory requirements. 
 All phases of mining and exploration operations are subject to governmental regulation including environmental regulation. Environmental legislation is becoming stricter, with increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and heightened responsibility for companies and their officers, directors and employees. There can be no assurance that possible future changes in environmental regulation will not adversely affect our operations. As well, environmental hazards may exist on a property in which we hold an interest that was caused by previous or existing owners or operators of the properties and of which the Company is not aware at present. 
 Government approvals and permits are required to be maintained in connection with our mining and exploration activities. Although we believe we currently have all required permits for our operations as currently conducted, there is no assurance that delays will not occur in connection with obtaining all necessary renewals of such permits for the existing operations or additional permits for any possible future changes to the Company s operations, including any proposed capital improvement programs. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and permitting requirements may result in enforcement actions thereunder, including orders issued by regulatory or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial actions. Parties engaged in mining operations may be required to compensate those suffering loss or damage by reason of the mining activities and may be liable for civil or criminal fines or penalties imposed for violations of applicable laws or regulations. Amendments to current laws, regulations and permitting requirements, or more stringent application of existing laws, may have a material adverse impact on the Company resulting in increased capital expenditures or production costs, reduced levels of production at producing properties or abandonment or delays in development of properties. 
 Risks Related to our Business Operations 
 There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. This assumes continuing operations and the realization of assets and liabilities in the normal course of business. 
 We have incurred significant losses since our inception and expect to continue to incur losses as a result of costs and expenses related to maintaining our properties and general and administrative expenses. As of June 30, 2023, we had cash of approximately 0.8 million and an accumulated deficit of approximately 74.3 million. As a result of our evaluation of the Company s liquidity for the next twelve months, we have included a discussion about our ability to continue as a going concern in our consolidated financial statements, and our independent auditor s report for year ended June 30, 2023 includes an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our capital needs have, in recent years, been funded through sales of our debt and equity securities. In the event that we are unable to raise sufficient additional funds, we may be required to delay, reduce or severely curtail our operations or otherwise impede our on-going business efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, long-term prospects and ability to continue as a viable business. 
 It is possible investors may lose their entire investment in the Company. 
 Prospective investors should be aware that if we are not successful in our endeavors, your entire investment in the Company could become worthless. Even if we are successful in identifying mineral reserves that can be commercially developed, there can be no assurances that we will generate any revenues and therefore our losses will continue. 
 No revenue generated from operations. 
 We have not generated any revenues from operations. Our net loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 totaled 6.45 million. We have incurred losses in the past, and we will likely continue to incur losses in the future. Even if our drilling programs identify gold, silver or other mineral deposits, there can be no assurance that we will be able to commercially exploit these resources, generate any revenues or generate sufficient revenues to operate profitably. 
 9 

We will require significant additional capital to continue our exploration activities, and, if warranted, to develop mining operations. 
 None of our projects currently have proven or probable reserves. Substantial expenditures will be required to determine if proven and probable mineral reserves exist at any of our properties, to develop metallurgical processes to extract metal, to develop the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure at any of our properties or mine sites and, in certain circumstances, to acquire additional property rights. We have spent and will be required to continue to expend significant amounts of capital for drilling, geological and geochemical analysis, assaying, and, when warranted, feasibility studies with regard to the results of our exploration. We may not benefit from these investments if we are unable to identify commercially exploitable mineral reserves. If we decide to put one or more of our properties into production, we will require significant amounts of capital to develop and construct the mining and processing facilities and infrastructure required for mining operations. Our ability to obtain necessary funding for these purposes, in turn, depends upon a number of factors, including the status of the national and worldwide economy and the price of gold, silver and other precious metals. We may not be successful in obtaining the required financing, or if we can obtain such financing, such financing may not be on terms that are favorable to us. Failure to obtain such additional financing could result in delay or indefinite postponement of further exploration or development and the possible, partial or total loss of our potential interest in certain properties. Any such delay could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 We cannot be assured that any of our projects are economically feasible or that feasibility studies will accurately forecast operating results. 
 Our future profitability depends on the economic feasibility of our projects. We have completed a feasibility study on our Grassy Mountain Project. There can be no assurance that the results of any feasibility study for the Sleeper Gold Project will be positive. Economic feasibility depends on many factors which include estimates on production rates, revenues, operating and capital costs. Completed feasibility studies for any of our projects and obtain financing to construct and initiate mining operations, there can be no assurance that actual operating results will not vary unfavorably from the estimates and assumptions included in a feasibility study. 
 We may acquire additional exploration stage properties, and we may face negative reactions if reserves are not located on acquired properties. 
 We may acquire additional exploration stage properties. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and complete the acquisition of such properties at reasonable prices or on favorable terms or that reserves will be identified on any properties that we acquire. We may also experience negative reactions from the financial markets if we are unable to successfully complete acquisitions of additional properties or if reserves are not located on acquired properties. These factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock or our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our industry is highly competitive, attractive mineral lands are scarce, and we may not be able to obtain quality properties. 
 We compete with many companies in the mining industry, including large, established mining companies with substantial capabilities, personnel and financial resources. There is a limited supply of desirable mineral lands available for claim staking, lease or acquisition in the United States of America where we may conduct exploration activities. We may be at a competitive disadvantage in acquiring mineral properties because we compete with these individuals and companies, many of which have greater financial resources and larger technical staffs. 
 Title to mineral properties can be uncertain, and we are at risk of loss of ownership of one or more of our properties. Our ability to explore and operate our properties depends on the validity of our title to that property. A significant amount of our mineral properties consist of leases of unpatented mining claims. Unpatented mining claims provide only possessory title and their validity is often subject to contest by third parties or the federal government, which makes the validity of unpatented mining claims uncertain and generally more risky. These uncertainties relate to such things as the sufficiency of mineral discovery, proper posting and marking of boundaries, assessment work and possible conflicts with other claims not determinable from public record. Since a substantial portion of all mineral exploration, development and mining in the United States now occurs on unpatented mining claims, this uncertainty is inherent in the mining industry. We have not obtained title opinions covering our entire properties, with the attendant risk that title to some claims, particularly title to undeveloped property, may be defective. There may be valid challenges to the title to our property which, if successful, could impair development and/or operations. 
 We have no mining operations and no history as a mining company. 
 We are a development stage company and have no ongoing mining operations of any kind. We have interests in mining claims which may or may not lead to production. 
 10 

We have no history of earnings or cash flow from mining operations. If we are able to proceed to production, commercial viability will be affected by factors that are beyond our control such as the particular attributes of the deposit, the fluctuation in metal prices, the cost of constructing and the operation of a mine, prices and refining facilities, the availability of economic sources for energy, government regulations including regulations relating to prices, royalties, restrictions on production, quotas on exploration of minerals, as well as the costs of protection of the environment. 
 If our exploration and development costs are higher than anticipated, then our profitability will be adversely affected. 
 We are currently proceeding with plans to explore and develop our mineral properties on the basis of estimated costs. If our exploration and development costs are greater than anticipated, then we will have fewer capital resources for other expenses and losses could increase. Factors that could cause exploration and development costs to increase include adverse weather conditions, difficult terrain, increased government regulation and shortages of qualified personnel. 
 Assuming no adverse developments outside of the ordinary course of business, our exploration and development budget will be approximately up to 4.0 million for the next twelve months. Exploration will be funded by our available cash reserves and future issuances of common stock, warrants or units. Our exploration program may vary significantly from what we have budgeted depending upon the results we achieve. Even if we identify mineral reserves which have the potential to be commercially developed, we will not generate revenues until such time as we undertake mining operations. Mining operations will involve a significant capital infusion. Mining costs are speculative and dependent on a number of factors including mining depth, terrain and necessary equipment. We do not believe that we will have sufficient funds to implement mining operations without additional capital raises of debt and or equity or without a joint venture partner, of which there can be no assurance. 
 Our continuing reclamation obligations at our properties could require significant additional expenditures. 
 We are responsible for the reclamation obligations related to disturbances located on all of our properties. We have posted a bond in the amount of the estimated reclamation obligation at the Sleeper Gold Project and the Grassy Mountain Project. At the Sleeper Gold Project, we are required to submit a mine closure plan to the BLM every three years. Based on a review by the BLM of our mine closure plan that Paramount submitted in July 2020, the BLM determined that our existing bond was sufficient. There is a risk that any cash bond, even if increased based on the analysis and work performed to update the reclamation obligations, could be inadequate to cover the actual costs of reclamation when carried out. The satisfaction of bonding requirements and continuing reclamation obligations will require a significant amount of capital. There is a risk that we will be unable to fund these additional bonding requirements, and further, that the regulatory authorities may increase reclamation and bonding requirements to such a degree that it would not be commercially reasonable to continue exploration activities, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial performance and cash flows. 
 There may be insufficient mineral reserves to develop any of our properties, and our estimates may be inaccurate. 
 There is no certainty that any expenditures made in the exploration of any properties will result in discoveries of commercially recoverable quantities of ore. Most exploration projects do not result in the discovery of commercially mineable deposits of ore and no assurance can be given that any particular level of recovery of precious metals from discovered mineralization will in fact be realized or that any identified mineral deposit will ever qualify as a commercially mineable ore body which can be legally and economically exploited. Estimates of reserves, mineral deposits and production costs can also be affected by such factors as environmental regulations and requirements, weather, environmental factors, unforeseen technical difficulties, unusual or unexpected geological formations and work interruptions. In addition, the grade of ore ultimately mined may differ from that indicated by drilling results. Short term factors relating to reserves, such as the need for orderly development of ore bodies or the processing of new or different grades, may also have an adverse effect on mining operations and on the results of operations. There can be no assurance that precious metals recovered in small scale laboratory tests will be duplicated in large scale tests under on-site production conditions. Material changes in estimated reserves, grades, stripping ratios or recovery rates may affect the economic viability of any project. 
 We face fluctuating gold and mineral prices. 
 The value of any mineral reserves we develop, and consequently the value of our common stock, depends significantly on the value of such minerals. The price of gold and silver as well as other precious and base metals have experienced volatile and significant price movements over short periods of time and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including international economic and political trends, expectations of inflation, interest rates, global or regional consumption patterns, speculative activities and increases in production due to improved mining and production methods. The supply of and demand for gold and silver, as well as other precious and base metals, are affected by various factors, including political events, economic conditions and production costs in major mineral producing regions. 
 11 

Our estimates of mineral reserves and mineral resources are subject to uncertainty. 
 Estimates of mineral reserves and other mineral resources are subject to considerable uncertainty. Such estimates are arrived at using standard acceptable geological techniques and are based on the interpretations of geological data obtained from drill holes and other sampling techniques. Engineers use feasibility studies to derive estimates of cash operating costs based on anticipated tonnage and grades of ore to be mined and processed, the predicted configuration of the ore bodies, expected recovery rates of metal from ore, comparable facility and operating costs and other factors. Actual cash operating costs and economic returns on projects may differ significantly from the original estimates, primarily due to fluctuations in the current prices of metal commodities extracted from the deposits, changes in fuel costs, labor rates, changes in permit requirements, and unforeseen variations in the characteristics of the ore body. Due to the presence of these factors, there is no assurance that any geological reports will accurately reflect actual quantities of gold, silver or other metals that can be economically processed and mined by us. 
 If we are unable to obtain all of our required governmental permits, our operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Our future operations, including exploration and development activities, required permits from various governmental authorities. Such operations are and will be governed by laws and regulations governing prospecting, development, mining, production, exports, taxes, labor standards, occupational health, waste disposal, toxic substances, land use, environmental protection, mine safety and other matters. There can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire all required licenses or permits or to maintain continued operations at our properties. 
 There is no assurance that there will not be title or boundary disputes. 
 Although we have investigated the right to explore and exploit our properties and obtained records from government offices with respect to all of the mineral claims comprising our properties, this should not be construed as a guarantee of title. Other parties may dispute the title to any of our properties or any property may be subject to prior unregistered agreements and transfers or land claims by aboriginal, native, or indigenous peoples. The title may be affected by undetected encumbrances or defects or governmental actions. 
 Local infrastructure may impact our exploration activities and results of operations. 
 Mining, processing, development and exploration activities depend, to one degree or another, on adequate infrastructure. Reliable roads, bridges, power and water supplies are important determinants that affect capital and operating costs. Unusual or infrequent weather phenomena, sabotage or government or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could adversely affect our activities and profitability. 
 Because of the speculative nature of exploration for gold and silver properties, there is substantial risk that our business will fail. 
 The search for precious metals as a business is extremely risky. We cannot provide any assurances that the gold or silver mining interests that we acquired will contain commercially exploitable reserves of gold or silver. Exploration for minerals is a speculative venture necessarily involving substantial risk. Any expenditure that we make may not result in the discovery of commercially exploitable reserves of precious metals. 
 We are in competition with companies that are larger, more established and better capitalized than we are. 
 Many of our potential competitors have greater financial and technical resources, as well as longer operating histories and greater experience in mining. 
 Exploration for economic deposits of minerals is speculative. 
 The business of mineral exploration is very speculative, since there is generally no way to recover any of the funds expended on exploration unless the existence of mineable reserves can be established. We can exploit those reserves by either commencing mining operations, selling or leasing our interest in the property or entering into a joint venture with a larger resource company that can further develop the property to the production stage. Unless we can establish and exploit reserves before our sources of funds are exhausted, we will have to discontinue operations, which could make our stock valueless. 
 12 

The loss of key members of our senior management team could adversely affect the execution of our business strategy and our financial results. 
 We believe that the successful execution of our business strategy and our ability to move beyond the exploratory stages depends on the continued employment of key members of our senior management team. If any members of our senior management team become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our financial results and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 We operate in a regulated industry and changes in regulations or violations of regulations may result in increased costs or sanctions that could reduce our revenues. 
 Our organization is subject to extensive and complex federal and state laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with the laws and regulations that are directly applicable to our business, we could suffer civil and/or criminal penalties or be subject to injunctions or cease and desist orders. While we believe that we are currently compliant with applicable rules and regulations, if there are changes in the future, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply in the future, or that future compliance will not significantly adversely impact our operations. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. We cannot be certain that our efforts to develop and maintain our internal controls will be successful, that we will be able to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or that we will be able to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Any failure to develop or maintain effective internal controls, or difficulties encountered in implementing or improving our internal controls, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are dependent upon information technology systems, which are subject to cybersecurity incidents, disruption, damage, failure and other risks associated with implementation and integration. 
 Our information technology systems used in our operations are subject to disruption, damage or failure from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, cyber attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity incidents, in particular, are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data or machines and equipment, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, the corruption of data or the disabling, misuse or malfunction of machines and equipment. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information technology systems and network disruptions. However, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information or operational technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtime, operational delays, operating accidents, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into operations. Various measures have been implemented to manage the risks related to the system implementation and modification, but system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Indebtedness 
 Our stock price may be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock has been volatile. We believe investors should expect continued volatility in our stock price. Such volatility may make it difficult or impossible for you to obtain a favorable selling price for our shares. 
 13 

We may not have sufficient cash to meet our debt obligation. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we have 4.3 million in outstanding indebtedness in the form of convertible notes and 1.6 million in the form of a note payable. Our ability to repay the outstanding debt on at maturity will depend on the Company having sufficient cash on hand. We could face substantial liquidity problems and could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, dispose of material assets or operations, seek additional debt or equity capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. We cannot predict whether we would be able to refinance debt, issue equity or debt securities or dispose of assets to raise funds on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms. In a rising interest rate environment, the costs of borrowing additional funds or refinancing outstanding indebtedness would also be expected to increase. We may not be able obtain proceeds in an amount sufficient to meet any debt service obligations when due. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain all of our earnings, if any, for the foreseeable future to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the future. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the market price of our common stock increases. Our board of directors retains discretion to change this policy. 
 The exercise of our outstanding options may depress our stock price. 
 The exercise of outstanding options and the subsequent sale of the underlying common stock in the public market, or the perception that future sales of these shares could occur, could have the effect of lowering the market price of our common stock below current levels and make it more difficult for us and our stockholders to sell our equity securities in the future. 
 Sales or the availability for sale of shares of common stock by stockholders could cause the market price of our common stock to decline and could impair our ability to raise capital through an offering of additional equity securities. 
 
 I tem 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable as a smaller reporting company. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 The following description of the Company s mining properties is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Technical Report Summary for each of the properties included as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K Report and incorporated by reference into this Item 2. The information concerning our mining properties in this Report has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K. Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K requires us to disclose our mineral resources, in addition to our mineral reserves, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year in the aggregate and for each of our individually material mining properties. 
 You are cautioned that mineral resources do not have demonstrated economic value. Mineral resources are subject to further exploration and development, are subject to additional risks, and no assurance can be made that they will eventually convert to future reserves. Investors are cautioned not to assume that any part of all of the Inferred Resource exists or is economically or legally mineable. See Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 14 

Summary Disclosure 
 
 None of the Company s material properties are in the production stage. 
 As summary overview of each material property is as follows: 

Property: 
 Grassy Mountain 

Stage: 
 Development 

Location: 
 Oregon 

Ownership: 
 100 

Titles and Mining Claims: 
 3 patented lode claims (62 acres), 455 unpatented lode claims (8,173 acres), 9 mill site claims (45 acres) and totaling approximately 8,280 acres 

Key Permit Conditions: 
 Private and BLM administered land. Plan of Operations and other required State permits in place for exploration. 

Mine Type: 
 Underground 

Commodity: 
 Gold, Silver 

Mineralization Styles: 
 Hot Spring Style, Low Sulfidation Epithermal 

Other: 
 Certain royalty interests have been granted with respect to the Grassy Mountain Project 

 A security interest in the Grassy Mountain Project has been granted in favor of the Convertible Note Holders (as defined below) 

Property: 
 Sleeper Gold 

15 

Stage: 
 Exploration 

Location: 
 Nevada 

Ownership: 
 100 

Titles and Mining Claims: 
 2474 unpatented lode claims (approximately 44,917 acres) 

Key Permit Conditions: 
 BLM administered land. Plan of Operations and other required State permits in place for exploration. 

Mine Type: 
 Open Pit Heap Leach 

Commodity: 
 Gold, Silver 

Mineralization Styles: 
 Low Sulfidation, Vein 

Other: 
 Certain royalty interests have been granted with respect to the Sleeper Gold Project 

 A security interest in the Sleeper Gold Project has been granted in favor of the Convertible Note Holders (as defined below) 

Summary Gold Mineral Resources as of June 30, 2023 (1,2,4,9) : 

Measured Mineral Resources 

Indicated Mineral Resources 

Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources 

Inferred Mineral Resources 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

United States 

Grassy Mountain 3, 5, 

21,153 

0.017 

363 

12,902 

0.030 

392 

34,055 

0.022 

755 

1,151 

0.037 

42 

Sleeper 6, 7, 8 

5,403 

0.016 

85 

174,535 

0.010 

1,812 

179,938 

0.011 

1,897 

132,176 

0.009 

1,214 

Total 

26,556 

0.017 

448 

187,437 

0.012 

2,204 

213,993 

0.012 

2,652 

133,327 

0.009 

1,256 

Summary of Silver Mineral Resources as of June 30, 2023( 1,2,4,9 ): 

Measured Mineral Resources 

Indicated Mineral Resources 

Measured + Indicated Mineral Resources 

Inferred Mineral Resources 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

United States 

Grassy Mountain 3, 5, 

21,153 

0.072 

1,529 

12,902 

0.115 

1,480 

34,055 

0.088 

3,009 

1,151 

0.109 

126 

Sleeper 6, 7, 8 

5,403 

0.105 

570 

174,535 

0.118 

20,661 

179,938 

0.118 

21,231 

132,176 

0.071 

9,454 

Total 

26,556 

0.079 

2,099 

187,437 

0.118 

22,141 

213,993 

0.113 

24,240 

133,327 

0.071 

9,580 

16 

1. The term resource means that it is a concentration or occurrence of material of economic interest in or on the Earth s crust in such form, grade or quantity that there are reasonable prospects for economic extraction. Inferred, Indicated, and Measured resources are in order of increasing confidence based on level of underlying geological evidence. The term inferred resource is that part of a mineral resource for which quantity and grade or quality are estimated on the basis of limited geological evidence and sampling. The term limited geological evidence means evidence that is only sufficient to establish that geological and grade or quality continuity is more likely than not. The level of geological uncertainty associated an inferred mineral resource is too high to apply relevant technical and economic factors likely to influence the prospects of economic extraction in a manner useful for evaluation of economic viability and must have a reasonable expectation that the majority of inferred mineral resources could be upgraded to indicated or measured mineral resources with continued exploration. 

2. Mineral Resources estimates are reported exclusive of mineral reserves, are current as of June 30, 2022, and are reported using the definitions in SK 1300 and were prepared by RESPEC Company LLC for the Grassy Mountain Property and the Sleeper Gold Property. 

3. Mineral Resources comprised all model blocks at a 0.011 oz/ton AuEq cut-off that lie within an optimized pit plus blocks at a 0.085 oz/ton AuEq cut-off that lie outside of the optimized pit. 

4. Mineral Resources summarized in the table immediately above are reported exclusive of the Mineral Resources converted to Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. 

5. Mineral Resources potentially amenable to open pit mining methods are reported using a gold price of 1,800/oz, a silver price of 22/oz, a throughput rate of 30,000 tonnes/day, assumed metallurgical recoveries of 84.6 for Au and 52.3 for Ag, mining costs of 2.40/tonne mined, heap leach processing costs of 3.08/tonne processed, bio-leach processing costs of 8.52/tonne processed, general and administrative costs of 0.46/tonne processed. Gold and silver commodity prices were selected based on analysis of the three-year running average at the end of August 2023 for the mineral resources at June 30, 2023. 

6. Mineral Resources comprised all model blocks at a 0.14 g Au/t cut-off for Oxide and Mixed, 0.17 g Au/t for Sulfide within an optimized pit; and 0.14 g Au/t for dumps. 

7. The average grades of the Inferred Mineral Resources are comprised of the weighted average of Oxide, Mixed, Sulfide, and dumps mineral resources. Alluvium mineralized materials are not included in the mineral resources. 

8. Mineral Resources within the optimized pit are block-diluted tabulations. Dumps mineral resources are undiluted tabulations. 

9. Rounding may result in apparent discrepancies between tons, grade, and contained metal content. 

Summary Gold Mineral Reserves as of June 30, 2023( 1,2,3,4 ): 

Proven Mineral Reserves 

Probable Mineral Reserves 

Total Mineral Reserves 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

United States 

Grassy Mountain 

260 

0.18 

47 

1,652 

0.20 

333 

1,911 

0.20 

380 

Total 

260 

0.18 

47 

1,652 

0.20 

333 

1,911 

0.20 

380 

Summary Silver Mineral Reserves as of June 30, 2023( 1,2,3,4 ): 

Proven Mineral Reserves 

Probable Mineral Reserves 

Total Mineral Reserves 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

United States 

Grassy Mountain 

260 

0.26 

68 

1,652 

0.29 

486 

1,911 

0.29 

554 

Total 

260 

0.26 

68 

1,652 

0.29 

486 

1,911 

0.29 

554 

17 

1. The term reserve means that part of a mineral deposit that can be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. The term proven (measured) reserves means reserves for which (a) quantity is computed from dimensions revealed in outcrops, trenches, workings or drill holes, grade and/or quality are computed from the results of detailed sampling; and (b) the sites for inspection, sampling and measurements are spaced so closely and the geologic character is sufficiently defined that size, shape, depth and mineral content of reserves are well established. The term probable (indicated) reserves means reserves for which quantity and grade and/or quality are computed from information similar to that used for proven (measured) reserves, but the sites for inspection, sampling and measurement are farther apart or are otherwise less adequately spaced. The degree of assurance, although lower than that for proven (measured) reserves, is high enough to assume continuity between points of observation. The term cutoff grade means the lowest grade of mineralized material considered economic to process. Cutoff grades vary between deposits depending upon prevailing economic conditions, mineability of the deposit, by-products, amenability of the mineralized material to silver or gold extraction and type of milling or leaching facilities available. 

2. Mineral reserves have an effective date of June 30, 2022. The Qualified Person firm responsible for the mineral reserves estimate is Arrowhead Underground LLC. 

3. Mineral Reserves are reported inside stope designs assuming drift-and-fill mining methods, and an economic gold equivalent cut-off grade of 0.10 oz/ton AuEq. The economic cut-off grade estimate uses a gold price of 1,600/oz, mining costs of 100/ton processed, surface re-handle costs of 0.20/ton processed, process costs of 35/ton processed, general and administrative costs of 20/ton processed, and refining costs of 6/oz Au recovered. Metallurgical recovery is 92.8 for gold. Mining recovery is 97 and mining dilution is assumed to be 8 . Mineralization that was either not classified or was assigned to Inferred Mineral Resources was set to waste. A 1.5 NSR royalty is payable. The reserves reference point is the FS mill crusher. 

4. Total fully diluted Mineral Reserves includes Proven and Probable reserves plus dilution less ore lost, see detail table for each project 

Individual Properties 
 GRASSY MOUNTAIN PROPERTY 
 Overview and Location 
 The Grassy Mountain Project is located in Malheur County, Oregon, approximately 22 miles south of Vale, Oregon, and roughly 70 miles west of Boise, Idaho 43 40'10.8 N 117 21'34.2 W ). The property is accessed by vehicle from the town of Vale by a private and BLM maintained dirt road. The project site is situated in the rolling hills of the high desert region of the far western Snake River Plain and consists of 455 unpatented lode claims and 3 patented lode claims all totaling roughly 8,280 acres. The local terrain is gentle to moderate, with elevations ranging from 3,300 to 4,300 feet above mean sea level. The geological setting, hydrothermal alteration, styles of gold-silver mineralization, and close spatial and timing association with silica sinter deposition, indicate that Grassy Mountain is an example of the hot-springs sub type of low-sulfidation, epithermal precious-metals deposits. 
 Power and Water 
 To effect mining operations power and water source infrastructure would need to be developed as it does not currently exist. 
 Property Agreements and Royalty Obligations 
 The following map illustrates the mining claims subject to royalty payments at the Grassy Mountain Project: 
 18 

Sherry and Yates Inc. 
 Prior to 2018, Calico had an annual lease agreement in place with Sherry Yates Inc. Under the agreement Calico was required to make annual advance royalty payments at a rate of 100,000 per year. In a mining production scenario, the agreement provided for a production royalty payments based on the price of gold. In February 2018, Paramount exercised its option to reduce the existing Net Smelter Royalty from 6 down to 1.5 and acquired all the rights to the unpatented and patented mining claims subject to the agreement at the Grassy Mountain Project for a total payment of 2.4 million. 
 Seabridge Gold 
 Seabridge Gold Inc. Seabridge ), a TSX and NYSE listed company, holds a net profits interest NPI in a mining scenario at Grassy Mountain. The NPI is calculated at a rate of 10 on net profits on certain mining claims. Seabridge also holds an NPI put option in which during the 30-day period immediately following the day that Calico had delivered notice to Seabridge that a positive production decision has been made and construction financing has been secured with respect to the Grassy Mountain Project, Seabridge may cause Calico to purchase the NPI for CDN 10,000,000. If Seabridge exercises the right to cause Calico to purchase the NPI, the Company would likely need to seek additional equity or other financing to fund the purchase, which financing may not be available to the Company on favorable terms or at all. 
 Other agreements 
 Cryla LLC Cryla leased 28 unpatented lode mining claims located west of Grassy Mountain to Calico in 2018. Calico is required to make an annual lease payment of 60,000. After June 2020, Calico may elect to acquire the property for 560,000 plus 3/oz of gold reserves, as defined by a pre-feasibility or higher confidence-level study. Cryla is entitled to a 2 NSR if the gold price is US 1,500/oz and a 4 NSR if the gold price >US 1,500/oz. Calico is entitled to reduce the NSR to 1 by paying Cryla 800,000 under any circumstances. No Mineral Resources or Mineral Reserves are estimated on the Cryla claims. 
 Previous Operators 
 19 

Companies and individuals involved in exploration prior to Paramount s Project interest include prospectors Richard Dick Sherry and Eugene Skip Yates (1986), Atlas Precious Metals (Atlas) (1986 to 1992), Golden Predator Mines U.S. Inc., Newmont Exploration Ltd (Newmont) (1992-1996), Tombstone Exploration Company Ltd (Tombstone) (1998), Seabridge, and Calico (2000 to 2015). Work completed included reconnaissance, geological mapping, geochemical sampling (soil, float, rock chip), geophysical surveys (airborne magnetic and radiometric, ground-based gravity, gradient array (IP/resistivity) controlled-source audio-frequency magnetotelluric (CSAMT)), core and reverse circulation (RC) drilling, and Mineral Resource estimation. This work defined the Grassy Mountain deposit, on which a feasibility study was completed in 1990 by Atlas assuming a combined heap leach/milling operation and open pit mining methods. 
 Work Completed by Paramount 
 Since acquiring its Project interest in 2016, Paramount has conducted an exploration review of the available Project data, helicopter-borne aeromagnetic and radiometric and CSAMT ground geophysical surveys, drilling, Mineral Resource and Mineral Reserve estimation, baseline environmental studies, and mining studies. 
 In addition to the above exploration programs, Paramount has progressed the Grassy Mountain Project through several stages of the state and federal permitting process. The Project will require county level, state level and federal permits to construct, operate and close a mining operation. 
 In November 2019, Paramount submitted its Consolidated Permit Application CPA to DOGAMI to enable the Company to build and operate its proposed, high grade underground gold mine located in Malheur County. The Application was reviewed by the DOGAMI and cooperating agencies for completeness. As part of this process, the permitting agencies provided Paramount with a list of supplemental information and recommendations required to submit a modified CPA. Paramount, the DOGAMI and the permitting agencies continued to work together to discuss the additional information requested, ensuring the submission of a complete modified CPA which will trigger the 225 day maximum permit evaluation process, upon which draft permits are issued. 
 In February 2020, the Company submitted a revised Plan of Operation (the PoO to the BLM outlining the Company s plans to build and operate the proposed Grassy Mountain underground gold mine. The BLM has reviewed the PoO for completeness and has provided the Company with comments to address. The BLM has previously reviewed 19 of the baseline data reports BDRs and their requests for clarifications have all been addressed. The BLM will register a Notice of Intent (the Notice in the Federal Register once the application is deemed complete. The Notice initiates the Environmental Impact Statement EIS process under the National Environmental Policy Act. 
 In December of 2021, Paramount submitted a modified CPA with the State of Oregon and submitted a modified PoO to the BLM. Both modified applications incorporated additional information required by the regulators and mine design optimizations that were a result of feedback provided in Paramount s initial application. 
 
 Technical Report Summary 
 The following is a brief summary of the proposed mining operation as detailed in the Technical Report Summary (the Grassy TRS on the Grassy Mountain Project, Oregon U.S.A. prepared for the Company by QP, Ausenco with an effective date of June 30, 2022. For more information, see Exhibit 96.1. 
 The Grassy Mountain mine will be an underground operation accessed via one decline and a system of internal ramps. One ventilation raise is included in the design to be used for ventilation and secondary egress. The mechanized cut-and-fill mining method was selected. The mining direction will be underhand. Cemented rock fill (CRF) will be used for backfill. The mechanized cut-and-fill method is highly flexible and can achieve high recovery rates in deposits with complex geometries, as is the case at the Grassy Mountain deposit. The estimated mine life is eight years 
 The process plant will be designed with conventional processing unit operations frequently used within the gold processing industry. The process plant will treat 750 tons/d and will operate with two shifts per day, 365 days per year, producing gold dor bars. The major equipment within the process plant is specified in accordance with the climate, site conditions, metal grades and metallurgical performance outlined in this report. Any deleterious metals present in the ore such as Mercury will be abated by specialized equipment installed in the process plant and are not expected to impact payability terms. The plant will have average head grades of 0.206 oz/ton Au and 0.293 oz/ton Ag. 
 The plant feed will be trucked from the underground mine to a modular crushing facility that will include a jaw crusher as the primary stage and a cone crusher for secondary size reduction. The crushed ore will be ground by a ball mill in closed circuit with a hydro-cyclone cluster. The hydro-cyclone overflow with P80 of 150 mesh (106 m) will flow to a leach carbon-in-leach (CIL) recovery circuit via a pre-aeration tank. Gold and silver leached in the CIL circuit will be recovered onto activated carbon and eluted in a pressurized Zadra-style elution circuit and then recovered by electrowinning in the gold room. The gold silver precipitate will be dried in a mercury retort oven and then mixed with fluxes and smelted in a furnace to pour dor bars. Carbon will be re-activated in a 
 20 

carbon regeneration kiln before being returned to the CIL circuit. CIL tails will be treated for cyanide destruction prior to pumping to the tailings storage facility (TSF) for disposal. The installed power for the process plant will be 4,445 hp and the power consumption is estimated to be 72 kWh/ton processed. Raw water will be pumped from borehole wells to a raw-water storage tank. Potable water will be sourced from the raw water tank and treated by a potable water treatment plant. Gland water will be supplied from the raw-water tank. Process water will primarily consist of TSF reclaim water. Reagents will include lime, sodium cyanide, sodium hydroxide, copper sulfate, hydrochloric acid and sodium metabisulfite. 
 A summary of the forecast project economics are as follows: 

Area 
 Item 
 Units 
 LOM Total/Avg. 

General 
 Gold price 
 US /oz 
 1,750 

Silver price 
 US /oz 
 22.00 

Mine life 
 years 
 7.75 

Total mill feed tons 
 tons x 1,000 
 2,070 

Production (gold) 
 Mill head grade Au 
 oz/ton 
 0.19 

Mill recovery rate Au 
 
 92.78 

Total mill ounces recovered Au 
 oz x 1,000 
 361.8 

Total average annual production Au 
 oz x 1,000 
 46.6 

Production (silver) 
 Mill head grade Ag 
 oz/ton 
 0.28 

Mill recovery rate Ag 
 
 73.46 

Total mill ounces recovered Ag 
 oz x 1,000 
 424.8 

Total average annual production Ag 
 oz x 1,000 
 54.5 

Operating Costs 
 Mining cost 
 US /ton milled 
 67.29 

Processing cost 
 US /ton milled 
 33.92 

G A cost 
 US /ton milled 
 16.57 

Total operating costs 
 US /ton milled 
 117.78 

Refining cost Au 
 US /oz 
 5.00 

Refining cost Ag 
 US /oz 
 0.50 

Cash costs net of by-products 
 US /oz Au 
 680.97 

AISC net of by-products 
 US /oz Au 
 815.09 

Capital Costs 
 Initial capital 
 US M 
 136.2 

Sustaining capital 
 US M 
 36.1 

Closure costs 
 US M 
 12.4 

Financials(pre-tax) 
 Pre-tax NPV, 5 
 US M 
 134.9 

Pre-tax IRR 
 
 24.22 

Pre-tax Payback 
 years 
 3.32 

Financials(post-tax) 
 Post-tax NPV, 5 
 US M 
 114.1 

Post-tax IRR 
 
 22.54 

Post-tax Payback 
 years 
 3.32 

Permitting and Current Proposed Development Program 
 Paramount expects to continue with both state and federal permitting activities for its proposed underground gold mine. With 22 baseline studies approved and accepted by the State of Oregon and the submitted modified CPA, the Company will continue working with the appropriate permitting agencies to ensure a complete permit application. Once the State of Oregon determines that the CPA is complete it will proceed to the drafting permits process which includes issuing an environmental evaluation and socio-economic impact analysis and the drafting of all relevant permits for the project. Under Oregon law the drafting permits process, which includes public notice and public hearing period, must be completed within 225 days. Subsequent to the drafting permit process if draft permits are issued, up to an additional 120 days is provided for further public consultation and the development and distribution of final permits. The costs incurred by the State of Oregon for the drafting permit and final permit processes will be reimbursed by the Company directly through cost recovery invoices received from DOGAMI or by permit fees established by individual permitting agencies. In addition to the state incurred costs, the Company will engage with its permitting and technical advisors and consultants to respond to any further information requests from the State's permitting agencies. 
 With respect to federal permitting, once the Notice is registered and the EIS had commenced, Paramount will also engage with its permitting and technical advisors to assist in the process. Paramount is required to reimburse the BLM for the cost of the EIS. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the net book value of the Grassy Mountain Property was approximately 23.2 million. 
 21 

Grassy Mountain Property Summary of Mineral Resources at the End of June 30, 2023 and June 2022 
 Note to Reader: Based on the assessment of the QPs and the Company it was determined that there were no material changes to the Grassy Mountain Property that required an updated Grassy TRS. 
 Gold (Au) (1,2,3,4,5,6,7) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Metallurgical Recovery 

Measured mineral resources 

21,153 

0.017 

363 

80 

Indicated mineral resources 

12,902 

0.030 

392 

80 

Measured + Indicated mineral resources 

34,055 

0.022 

755 

80 

Inferred mineral resources 

1,151 

0.037 

42 

80 

Silver (Ag) (1,2,3,4,5,6,7) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Metallurgical Recovery 

Measured mineral resources 

21,153 

0.072 

1,529 

60 

Indicated mineral resources 

12,902 

0.115 

1,480 

60 

Measured + Indicated mineral resources 

34,055 

0.088 

3,009 

60 

Inferred mineral resources 

1,151 

0.109 

126 

60 

1. The Qualified Person firm responsible for the mineral resources estimate is RESPEC Company LLC. 

2. Mineral Resources comprised all model blocks at a 0.011 oz/ton AuEq cut-off that lie within an optimized pit plus blocks at a 0.085 oz/ton AuEq cut-off that lie outside of the optimized pit. 

3. oz/ton AuEq (gold equivalent grade) = oz/ton Au + (oz/ton Ag 106). 

4. Mineral Resources summarized in the table immediately above are reported exclusive of the Mineral Resources converted to Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. 

5. Mineral Resources potentially amenable to open pit mining methods are reported using a gold price of US 1,750/oz, a silver price of US 22/oz, a throughput rate of 5,000 tons/day, assumed metallurgical recoveries of 80 for Au and 60 for Ag, mining costs of US 2.50/ton mined, processing costs of US 13.00/ton processed, general and administrative costs of 2.22/ton processed, and refining costs of 5.00/oz Au and 0.50/oz Ag produced. Mineral Resources potentially amenable to underground mining methods are reported using a gold price of US 1,750/oz, a silver price of US 22/oz, a throughput rate of 5,000 tons/day, assumed metallurgical recoveries of 90 gold equivalent, mining costs of US 90/ton mined, processing costs of US 30/ton processed, general and administrative costs of 15.00/ton processed, and refining costs of 5.00/oz gold equivalent produced. 

6. The effective date of the estimate is June 30, 2022; 

7. Rounding may result in apparent discrepancies between tons, grade, and contained metal content. 

Grassy Mountain Property Summary of Mineral Reserves at the End of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Gold (Au) (1,2,3) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Metallurgical Recovery 

Proven mineral reserves 

260 

0.18 

47 

94.5 

Probable mineral reserves 

1,652 

0.20 

333 

94.5 

Total mineral reserves 

1,912 

0.20 

380 

94.5 

Total plus mining loss dilution 

2,070 

0.19 

390 

94.5 

Silver (Ag) (1,2,3) 

Tons (000s) 

Grade (oz./ton) 

Ounces (000s) 

Metallurgical Recovery 

Proven mineral reserves 

260 

0.26 

68 

73.4 

Probable mineral reserves 

1,652 

0.29 

486 

73.4 

Total mineral reserves 

1,912 

0.29 

554 

73.4 

Total plus mining loss dilution 

2,070 

0.28 

578 

73.4 

1. Mineral reserves have an effective date of June 30, 2022. The Qualified Person firm responsible for the mineral reserves estimate is Arrowhead Underground LLC. 

2. Mineral Reserves are reported inside stope designs assuming drift-and-fill mining methods, and an economic gold equivalent cut-off grade of 0.10 oz/ton AuEq. The economic cut-off grade estimate uses a gold price of 1,600/oz, mining costs of 100/ton processed, surface re-handle costs of 0.20/ton 

22 

processed, process costs of 35/ton processed, general and administrative costs of 20/ton processed, and refining costs of 6/oz Au recovered. Metallurgical recovery is 94.5 for gold. Mining recovery is 97 and mining dilution is assumed to be 8 . Mineralization that was either not classified or was assigned to Inferred Mineral Resources was set to waste. A 1.5 NSR royalty is payable. The reserves reference point is the FS mill crusher. 

3. Tonnage and contained metal have been rounded to reflect the accuracy of the estimate. Apparent discrepancies are due to rounding. 

Internal Controls Grassy Mountain Property 
 Paramount s internal controls at the Grassy Mountain project are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information and processes utilized in assessing its exploration results, as well as mineral resource and reserve estimation, and are reasonable and in line with industry best practices. These internal controls include quality assurance and quality control QA/QC programs in the collection and analysis of drill hole assay information based on: 
 Third-party certified labs used for assays reported in public disclosure or resource models; 

Drill programs with insertion of blank, duplicate, and certified reference materials; and 

Sufficient QA/QC results for the analytical programs. 

All core and reverse-circulation samples were cataloged and stored in secure and designated areas on Paramount s warehouse in vale Oregon. Data has been subject to validation, which includes checks on down hole surveys, collar coordinates, geological data, and assay data. 
 Prior to use in mineral resource or mineral reserve estimation, the selected data to support estimation were compiled from Paramount s databases into RESPEC s GeoSequel database and reviewed for improbable entries. Written procedures and guidelines are used to support estimation methods and approaches. Estimations include evaluation of modifying and technical factors. Internal controls and resource estimation procedures are discussed where required in the relevant chapters of the technical report summary. 
 SLEEPER GOL D PROJECT 
 Overview and Location 
 Sleeper is a material exploration property of the Company. The Company has the rights to explore, develop and mine the property through our 100 ownership of unpatented lode mining claims. Sleeper is located 26 miles northwest of Winnemucca, Nevada 41 20'03.1 N 118 03'09.7 W) . Automobile and truck access to the property is by Interstate Highway 80 to Winnemucca, north on Highway 95 for 32 miles, west on Highway 140 for 14 miles, and then south for 6 miles on the maintained gravel Sod House Road to the project site. An office building, heavy equipment enclosure and warehousing facility are present on the Sleeper Gold Property. Necessary supplies, equipment and services to carry out full sequence exploration and mining development projects are available in Winnemucca, Reno, and Elko, Nevada. 
 Mining Claims 
 The Sleeper Gold mine and its 1,044 unpatented lode mining claims were acquired by PGSC through its acquisition of X-Cal Resources Ltd. in August 2010. Additional mining claims have been staked or acquired which now comprise the Sleeper Gold Project. 
 The 100 owned mining claims are summarized in the following table, (acreage is approximate): 

The Sleeper Gold Project Properties 
 
 Claims 

Approximate Acres 

Sleeper Gold Mine 

1,044 

16,171 

Dunes 

394 

7,405 

Mimi 

884 

18,243 

South Sleeper 

152 

3,098 

Total 

2,474 

44,917 

23 

The following map illustrates the general location of the Sleeper Gold Project and the associated mining claims: 

Property Agreements and Royalty Obligations: 
 The Snyder Syndicate, a private company, holds a one percent (1 net smelter return royalty on the 1,044 Sleeper Gold mine claims in a mining scenario. 
 Franco-Nevada U.S. Corporation Franco holds a two percent (2 net smelter return royalty on minerals produced from 2,474 mining claims at the Sleeper Gold Project. 
 Evolving Gold holds a 2 net smelter return royalty on minerals produced from the SSG, SP and SS mining claims. 
 Dry Lake Placer Association hold a 3 net smelter return royalty on minerals produced from the Dry Creek Placer mining claims. 
 ICN holds a 0.5 net smelter return royalty on the SS SP mining claims as well as a 1.5 net smelter return royalty on the Blue mining claims. 
 The following map illustrates the claims subject to the royalty: 
 24 

History of Previous Operations 
 The Sleeper Gold Project includes a historic open pit mine (the Sleeper Gold mine operated by AMAX Gold Inc. Amax from 1986 until 1996, which produced 1.66 million ounces of gold and 2.3 million ounces of silver. All processing facilities and equipment related to the mining operations conducted by Amax have been removed from the site. 
 25 

Power and Water 
 As a result of Amax s mine operation from 1986 to 1996, electrical power is provided to the property by power lines. Water is available from two deep wells located on the property. 
 Paramount s Exploration History at Sleeper Gold Project 
 PGSC conducted its first exploration program at the Sleeper Gold mine in October 2010. It consisted of 19 drill holes totaling 18,065 feet and focused on verifying data on existing models and confirming continuity and strike extension of known mineralized zones. From July 1, 2011 through June 30, 2012, PGSC completed 79 drill holes totaling 21,013 feet and followed that up in the period from July 1, 2012, through June 30, 2013, with 38 drill holes totaling 55,104 feet. 
 In August 2011, PGSC announced the acquisition of 606 unpatented lode mining claims (the Dunes Project located eleven miles south of the Sleeper Gold mine from ICN Resources Ltd. ICN ). In consideration, PGSC issued 400,000 shares of its common stock to ICN. 
 In July 2012, PGSC announced the staking of 920 new lode mining claims (the Mimi Project adjacent to the west and immediately south, of the Sleeper Gold mine. The Mimi Project totals 18,400 acres. 
 In 2013, PGSC announced several results of a drilling campaign which was focused in and around the existing resource and pit areas. Assay results extended the mineralization east and south of the existing resource, opened up new depth potential below the existing sleeper pit and intercepted exceptional results in several zones. Additionally, PGSC undertook an extensive database review and as a result, a total of 473 core and RC holes have been re-logged and new cross-sections were generated. Paramount completed a re-interpreted lithological and structural model which will allow us to plan a new drill program and to update our mineralized material estimate model. 
 In August 2014, PGSC dropped a total of 212 mining claims from the Dunes and Mimi areas of the Sleeper Gold Project. These claims no longer had any geological value to the Company. 
 In August 2015, we completed an initial geophysical survey which consisted of a helicopter magnetometry study. The survey defined several possible exploration targets which were reviewed by our geological team. Additional surveys on areas covered by overburden will be evaluated for further testing. This testing can include Induced Polarization programs or other indirect methodologies. The Company believes that the resulting data derived from the geophysical program will produce valuable drilling targets. Future drill programs will be designed with the aim identifying new zones of mineralization with an emphasis on areas covered with overburden. 
 In April 2021, we purchased 152 unpatented lode claims from South Sleeper Resources LLC for a total consideration of 365,441. The claims are located approximately 2 miles south of past producing Sleeper Gold Mine. The purchased claims carry a mineral production royalty based on a Net Smelter Returns NSR of one percent (1 ). The purchased claims are without known mineral reserves. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the net book value of the Sleeper Gold Property was approximately 28.1 million. 
 Technical Report Summary 
 The Company is reporting a mineral resource estimate as prepared by QP, RESPEC Company LLC with an effective date of June 30, 2023. To determine the estimate the following material assumptions and criteria were used: 
 The Sleeper deposit has the potential to be mined by open pit methods. The Mineral Resources were tabulated to reflect potential open pit mining and heap leach and bio-oxidation extraction as the primary scenario. To meet the requirement of reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction, a pit optimization was run using the parameters summarized in following Table: 

Item 
 Value 
 Unit 

Mining Cost 
 2.40 
 /tonne 

Heap Leach Processing cost 
 3.08 
 /tonne processed 

Bio-oxidation Processing cost 
 8.52 
 /tonne processed 

Process rate 
 30,000 
 tonnes per day processed 

General and Administration cost 
 0.46 
 /tonne processed 

Au price 
 1,800 
 /oz 

Ag price 
 22 
 /oz 

Au recovery 
 84.6 
 percent 

26 

Ag recovery 
 52.3 
 percent 

Royalty 
 1.5 
 NSR 

The pit shell created by the optimization was used to constrain the mineral resources, which are reported at a cut-off grade of 0.14 g Au/t for oxide and mixed materials, whereas the sulfide material is reported at a cut-off grade of 0.17 g Au/t. The gold cut-off grade was calculated using the processing, general and administrative costs, gold price, recovery, refining cost, and royalty provided in above Table. The mining cost is not included in the determination of the cut-off grade, as all material in the conceptual pit would potentially be mined as either ore or waste. The reference point at which the mineral resources are defined is therefore at the top rim of the pit, where material equal to or greater than the cut-off grade would be processed. 

The metal prices used in the pit optimization and the determination of the gold cut-off grade and gold-equivalency factor are derived roughly from three-year moving-average prices as of July 2023 1,800/oz and 22/oz for gold and silver, respectively). 

The open pit resource estimates are based on a 30,000 tonnes per day processing rate, with processing assumed to consist of crushing, milling, and first-stage gravity separation followed by carbon-in-leach recovery. 

For more information for mineral resource estimate, see Exhibit 96.1 section 11.8, the Technical Report Summary on the Sleeper Gold Project, Nevada, U.S.A. Sleeper TRS prepared for the Company by QP, RESPEC Company LLC with an effective date of June 30, 2023. 
 Current Proposed Program 
 In the Sleeper TRS, RESPEC concluded that the Sleeper project is a project of merit and warrants additional work. RESPEC recommends a work program totaling 3.9 million comprised of the following categories: 

Category 
 Estimated Cost 
 Description 

Initial Assessment 
 150,000 
 Updated Initial Assessment IA to assess the preliminary project economics. 

Infill RC Drilling Program 
 1,000,000 
 If the IA results are favorable, an infill drill program of approximately 7,600 meters to increase drill density to potentially upgrade inferred resources to measured and indicated resources, collect information regarding geo-technical data, hydrology, metallurgical testing and validate historical RC drilling. 

Metallurgy including bio-oxidation test work 
 250,000 
 If the IA results are favorable, a metallurgical test program that would support a pre-feasibility study. A testing program would be used to optimize bio-oxidation feed size and cycle time. Testing should include load/permeability type testing on bio-oxidation residues. 

Pre-Feasibility Study 
 2,500,000 
 If the IA results are favorable, a pre-feasibility is recommended. The required elements will be determined based on the results of the IA. 

Total 
 3,900,000 

Geology and Mineralization 
 The Sleeper Gold Project is situated within the western, apparently older, part of the Northern Nevada Rift geologic province of Miocene age, along the western flank of the Slumbering Hills within Desert Valley. The geological structures that underlie Desert Valley appear to have been down-dropped 3,000 to 3,300 feet along the north-to northeast-trending normal faults along the western edge of the Slumbering Hills. 
 Four main types of gold mineralization are found within the Sleeper Gold Project deposit and may represent a continuum as the system evolved from a high level, high sulfidation system dominated by intrusion related fluids and volatiles to a low sulfidation meteoric water dominant system. In this setting the paragenetic relationships of the differing mineralization styles are as follows: 
 Early quartz-pyrite-marcasite stockwork; 

Intermediate medium-grade, silica-pyrite-marcasite cemented breccias localized on zones of structural weakness; 

Late high-grade, banded, quartz-adularia-electrum-(sericite) veins; and 

Post alluvial gold-silver deposits in Pliocene gravels. 

27 

Reclamation 
 Paramount is responsible for managing the reclamation activities from the previous mine operations at the Sleeper Gold Mine as directed by the BLM and the Nevada State Department of Environmental Protection. Under the filed BLM Plan of Operations PoO and reclamation permit a surety bond in the amount of 4 million has been posted as financial security to ensure that required reclamation activities are fulfilled. The surety bond for the Sleeper mine reclamation activities has been posted on behalf of the Company by an insurance company and forms a part of the Company s comprehensive insurance program. The insurance policy, which is in effect until 2033, covers reclamation costs up to an aggregate of 25 million. The Company periodically submits updates to its Reclamation Cost Estimate RCE to the BLM to account for completed reclamation work or new reclamation requirements. As of September 2020, the Company s RCE submitted in October 2019 was accepted by the BLM and the posted surety bond was deemed sufficient. The Company expects to file a revised RCE in the second half of calendar 2023 with the BLM. The revised RCE will incorporate the significant reclamation work that has been completed by the Company over the past several years. 
 In addition to the BLM reclamation requirements, the Company is required to satisfy the State of Nevada s reclamation requirements under various permits it holds for the Sleeper Gold Project. 
 Summary of Sleeper Gold Property Mineral Resources at the End of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Gold (Au) (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8) Silver (Ag) (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8) 
 28 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Summary Mineral Resources Gold 

Measured Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

5,403 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.016 

Ounces (000s) 

85 

Indicated Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

174,535 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.010 

Ounces (000s) 

1,812 

Measured and Indicated Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

179,938 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.011 

Ounces (000s) 

1,897 

Inferred Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

132,176 

237,600 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.009 

0.0102 

Ounces (000s) 

1,214 

2,417 

Summary Mineral Resources Silver 

Measured Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

5,403 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.105 

Ounces (000s) 

570 

Indicated Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

174,535 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.118 

Ounces (000s) 

20,661 

Measured and Indicated Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

179,938 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.118 

Ounces (000s) 

21,231 

Inferred Resources 

Total tons (000s) 

132,176 

237,600 

Grade (oz./ ton) 

0.071 

0.1030 

Ounces (000s) 

9,454 

24,458 

1. The estimate of mineral resources was done by RESPEC Company LLC in metric tonnes. All price and cost are in US dollars. 

2. Mineral Resources comprised all model blocks at a 0.14 g Au/t cut-off (2022 - 0.137 g Au/t cut-off) for Oxide and Mixed, 0.17 g Au/t (2022 - 0.251 g Au/t) for Sulfide within an optimized pit; and 0.14 g Au/t (2022 - 0.137 g Au/t) for dumps. 

3. The average grades of the Inferred Mineral Resources are comprised of the weighted average of Oxide, Mixed, Sulfide, and dumps mineral resources. Alluvium mineralized materials are not included in the mineral resources. 

4. Mineral Resources within the optimized pit are block-diluted tabulations. Dumps mineral resources are undiluted tabulations. 

5. Mineral Resources that are not Mineral Reserves do not have demonstrated economic viability. 

6. Mineral Resources potentially amenable to open pit mining methods are reported using a gold price of 1,800/oz (2022 - 1,750/oz), a silver price of 22/oz (2022 - 22/oz), a throughput rate of 30,000 tonnes/day (2022 - 30,000 tonnes/day), assumed metallurgical recoveries of 84.6 for Au (2022 - 72.7 for Au) and 52.3 for Ag (2022 - 28.2 for Ag), mining costs of 2.40/tonne mined (2022 - 2.00/tonne mined), heap leach processing costs of 3.08/tonne processed (2022 - 3.08/tonne processed), bio-leach processing costs of 8.52/tonne processed (2022 - 9.84/tonne processed), general and 

29 

administrative costs of 0.46/tonne processed (2022 - 0.46/tonne processed). Gold and silver commodity prices were selected based on analysis of the three-year running average at the end of August 2023 for the mineral resources at June 30, 2023. 

7. Measured and indicated gold and silver resources were not defined for year ended 2022 and increased as a result of reclassifications and completion of database verification; inferred gold resources decreased by 99 from the previous year and inferred silver resources decreased by 159 due to the reclassifications that resulted from resources modeling. 

8. Rounding may result in apparent discrepancies between tonnes, grade, and contained metal content. 

Internal Controls - Sleeper Gold Property 
 Paramount s internal controls at the Sleeper project are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information and processes utilized in assessing its exploration results, as well as mineral resource and reserve estimation, and are reasonable and in line with industry best practices. These internal controls include quality assurance and quality control QA/QC programs in the collection and analysis of drill hole assay information based on: 
 Third-party certified labs used for assays reported in public disclosure or resource models; 

Drill programs with insertion of blank, duplicate, and certified reference materials; and 

Sufficient QA/QC results for the analytical programs. 

All core and reverse-circulation samples were cataloged and stored in secure and designated areas on Paramount s property. Data has been subject to validation, which includes checks on down hole surveys, collar coordinates, geological data, and assay data. 
 Prior to use in mineral resource or mineral reserve estimation, the selected data to support estimation were compiled from Paramount s databases into RESPEC s GeoSequel database and reviewed for improbable entries. Written procedures and guidelines are used to support estimation methods and approaches. Estimations include evaluation of modifying and technical factors. Internal controls and resource estimation procedures are discussed where required in the relevant chapters of the technical report summary. 
 Exploration and Drilling 
 Paramount s internal controls protocols for exploration drilling are summarized in Section 8.2 of the technical report summary for the Sleeper property. 
 Mineral Resource Estimates 
 The methods and procedures used by RESPEC for the estimation of Paramount s mineral resources at the Sleeper property are summarized in Section 11 of the Sleeper technical report summary. Mineral resources and mineral reserves are estimates that contain inherent risk and depend upon geologic interpretation and statistical inferences drawn from drilling and sampling analysis, which may prove to be unreliable. In addition, there are risks inherent to the assumptions of gold and silver recoveries and prices used to estimate cut off grades for the pit optimizations that constrain the estimated resources. Sections 11.8 and 11.9 of the Sleeper technical report summary provide information on the assessment of these risks. 
 Other Non-Material Properties 
 NEVADA 
 The Company owns additional mining claims in the State of Nevada that represents its non-material properties. The Mill Creek property which comprises 36 unpatented lode mining claims are located in Lander County. The Company intends to maintain the annual mining claim fees of approximately 7,000 for these claims. 
 The Mill Creek claims are without known mineral reserves and there is no current exploratory work being performed. 
 In August 2021, Paramount entered into an agreement with Nevada Select Royalty Nevada Select to purchase 100 interest in the Bald Peak Project located in Mineral County, Nevada. The total consideration of 300,000 is payable to Nevada Select based upon a schedule determined by when Paramount receives a drilling permit from the federal regulators. Nevada Select will retain a 3 NSR and Paramount will have the right to reduce the NSR to 2 for a payment of 1 million. 
 OREGON 
 In October 2018, Paramount entered into an agreement with Cryla LLC Cryla that gives the Company the right to acquire 44 mining claims covering 580 acres located immediately to the west of the proposed Grassy Mountain Project. Paramount will make annual lease payments to Cryla and following year three of the agreement, Paramount has the right to purchase the claims for a cash payment of 560,000. If purchased, Cryla will maintain a production NSR based on the prevailing price of gold. Paramount has the right to reduce the NSR from 2 to 1 for a payment of 800,000. 
 30 

In November 2018, Paramount entered into an agreement with Nevada Select to purchase 100 interest in the Frost Project, which consists of 40 mining claims located approximately 12 miles west of its Grassy Mountain Project. A total consideration of 250,000 payable to Nevada Select will be based on certain events over time. Nevada Select will retain a 2 NSR on the Frost Claims and Paramount has the right to reduce the NSR to 1 for a payment of 1 million. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 None 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 

31 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 MARKET INFORMATION 
 Our common stock began trading on the NYSE American LLC under the symbol PZG on April 20, 2015. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our stock. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low intra-day sales prices per share for our common stock on the NYSE American LLC for the two most recent years. 

High 

Low 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

First Quarter 

0.49 

0.28 

Second Quarter 

0.42 

0.29 

Third Quarter 

0.43 

0.29 

Fourth Quarter 

0.42 

0.24 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

First Quarter 

1.02 

0.76 

Second Quarter 

0.91 

0.65 

Third Quarter 

1.10 

0.53 

Fourth Quarter 

0.72 

0.45 

HOLDERS 
 As of September 14, 2023, there were 154 registered shareholders of our common stock. 
 DIVIDENDS 
 We currently do not anticipate paying cash dividends for the foreseeable future. 
 RECENT SALE OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 During the year-ended June 30, 2023, we issued 799,613 shares of common stock for payment of interest accrued and owing on our outstanding 2019 Convertible Notes. In issuing the foregoing securities, we relied on the exemptive provisions of Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 thereunder. 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 
 Set out below is information as of June 30, 2023 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance under our Equity Incentive Plan. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options and RSUs 

Weighted- average exercise price per share of outstanding options and RSUs 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2,385,500 

1.05 

423,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

TOTAL 

2,385,550 

423,000 

As of June 30, 2023, 980,500 restricted share units RSUs were outstanding and 1,405,000 stock options were outstanding under our Equity Incentive Plans to acquire 2,385,500 Common Shares. 
 32 

Item 6. [ Reserved]. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Overview 
 We are engaged in the business of acquiring, exploring and developing precious metal projects in the United States of America. Paramount owns both exploration and development stage projects in the states of Nevada and Oregon. We enhance the value of our projects by implementing exploration and engineering programs that are likely to expand and upgrade known mineral resources to mineral reserves. To further advance our projects towards the production decision, we manage the completion of the appropriate technical studies including feasibility studies and undertake permitting processes with the relevant local, state and federal regulators. The following discussion updates our outlook and plan of operations for the foreseeable future. It also analyzes our financial condition and summarizes the results of our operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 and compares each year s results to the results of the prior year. 
 Operating Highlights: 
 During the fiscal year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company conducted several exploration programs and continued with its permitting at its Grassy Mountain Project. Highlights include: 
 The Oregon State Technical Review Team TRT accepted the Cultural Resources final baseline data report BDR as complete. All required BDRs have been accepted as complete by the TRT and is a key condition in deeming the Company's permit application as complete. 

The Federal Bureau of Land Management BLM has accepted the Plan of Operation PoO for the proposed underground Grassy Mountain gold mine as complete. With completeness, the BLM will issue a Notice of Intent which initiates the Environmental Impact Statement EIS process under the National Environment Policy Act. 

The Company received the permit from the U.S. Forest Service to drill its Bald Peak Project in Mineral County, Nevada. 

The Oregon State TRT accepted and approved both the geo-chemistry and groundwater BDRs. Both BDRs are required to be approved in order for the State of Oregon to determine, along with other application information, that Company's submitted Consolidated Permit Application (the CPA is complete. As of June 30, 2023, the completeness determination has not been made by the State of Oregon. 

The TRT approved the Environmental Evaluation EE outline which allows the State of Oregon's contracted consultant to begin its work on EE in advance to the CPA being deemed complete. 

Completed new technical report summary( TRS for the Sleeper Gold Property under Item 1300 of Regulation S-K. 

Outlook: 
 We believe that investors will gain a better understanding of our company if they understand how we measure and talk about our results. As an exploration and development company, we recognize the importance of managing our liquidity and capital resources. We pay close attention to non-discretionary cash expenses and look for ways to minimize them when possible. We ensure we have sufficient cash on hand to meet our annual land holding costs as the maintenance of mining claims and leases are essential to preserve the value of our mineral property assets. 
 Comparison of Operating Results for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to June 30, 2022 
 Results of Operations 
 We did not earn any revenue from mining operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we completed various activities and milestones as described above in operating highlights. Other normal course of business activities included filing annual mining claim fees with the BLM, reclamation work at the Sleeper mine site and on-going reviews of its mining claims were completed. 
 Net Loss 
 Our net loss for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 6,450,531 compared to a net loss of 7,837,316 in the previous year. The decrease of approximately 18 is fully described below. We will continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we continue with our planned exploration and development programs. 
 33 

Expenses 
 Exploration, Development and Reclamation and Land Holding Costs 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, exploration and development expenses were 2,595,709 compared to 4,436,266 in the prior year. This represents a decrease of 41 or 1,840,557 which was mainly due to the Company completing several exploration and development activities in 2023 at both its Oregon and Nevada based properties. Expenses related to our exploration or development activities are generally not comparable from period to period as activities will vary based on several factors. At Grassy Mountain the Company continued with permitting activities with state and federal permitting agencies and completed a TRS on the property. These expenses totaled 1,466,402. At Sleeper, the Company has re-assayed historical drill holes, digitized and re-verified its geological database, completed a TRS on the property and redesigned its E-cell pond conversion plans for upcoming reclamation work for expenses totaling 1,129,307. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2022, at Grassy Mountain, the Company continued with the permitting process with the State of Oregon and the BLM and submitted modified permit applications and at our Frost Property completed a drill program. Total exploration and development expenses at Grassy Mountain and Frost Project during the year that were 2,859,348. At Sleeper, the Company completed a small drill program to test zones of mineralization and at its Bald Peak Project conducted rock surface sampling, completed a geophysical survey and planned for a future exploratory drill program. We also incurred expenses related to the reclamation program at the Sleeper Project. These reclamation expenses are reimbursed from an insurance policy the Company holds related to the closure and reclamation of the past producing Sleeper mine. Total exploration and reclamation expenses at our Nevada based properties during that year were 1,576,918. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, land holding costs decreased by 7,865 or by 1 from the prior year of 640,349 to 632,484. The decrease is primarily due to an decrease in the professional fees incurred to file and maintain the mining claims with the BLM and respective counties. 
 Salaries and Benefits 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, salary and benefits increased by 4 or by 42,593 from the prior year to 1,238,895. Salary and benefits are comprised of cash and stock-based compensation of the Company s executive and corporate administration teams. The increase primarily reflects higher equity based compensation recorded in the current year compared to the previous comparable year. Included in the salary and benefits expense amount for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was non-cash stock based compensation of 317,762 and 259,670 respectively. 
 Directors Compensation 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, directors compensation increased by 26 or by 29,475 from the prior year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease is due to the stock-based compensation recorded in the current year-ended June 30, 2023 compared to the prior year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Professional Fees and General and Administration 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, professional fees were 377,822 compared to 130,765 in the prior year. This represents an increase of 189 or 247,057. The increase was due to several factors including the timing of the recording of the audit fees for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 after engaging the Company's new auditor, higher auditor quarterly review expenses and incurring one-time consulting and legal fees in the period. Professional fees included legal, advisory and consultant expenses incurred on corporate and operational activities on a period-by-period basis. 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, general and administration expenses decreased by 2 to 774,817 from 790,668 in the prior year. In general, these expenses which include travel, investor relations, office expenses and information technology costs remained stable from the prior year comparable period. 
 Asset Retirement Obligation 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company's asset retirement obligation for the Sleeper Gold Project decreased to 4,436,902 from 4,475,270 from the prior year ended June 30, 2022. The net decrease of 38,368 was the result of settlements of 120,001 plus a downward revision in estimate of 364,612 offset by current year accretion of 446,245. In the prior fiscal year, our estimate was based on proposals received to complete the pond conversions from third party contractors. During the current fiscal year, the company received several new bid proposals to complete the work and the winning bids for the conversions were lower than the previous proposals. The work to complete the ponds are expected to be completed in the second half of calendar year 2023 and the 
 34 

costs are expected to be reimbursed by the insurance policy held by the Company for government mandated reclamation at the Sleeper Gold Project. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Operating, Investing and Financing Activities 
 At June 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents of 824,920 compared to 2,484,156 as at June 30, 2022. In May 2020, the Company established an at the market equity offering program ATM with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Canaccord Genuity LLC to proactively increase financial flexibility. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 the Company issued 6,996,054 shares (2022- 7,766,388 shares) for net proceeds of 2,219,796 (2022 - 6,119,954) under the program. 
 Subsequent to the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company sold 3,515,257 shares under the program for gross proceeds of 1,130,430. It also entered into an an amendment to its 2019 Convertible Notes with a majority of the note holders, to extend the maturity date of the 2019 Convertible Notes to be the earlier of (i) September 30, 2024 or (ii) the date of funding of the transaction contemplated by that certain non-binding term sheet by an between the Company and Sprott Resource and Streaming Royalty Corp. 
 In December 2022, the Company issued the Note to Seabridge, an entity affiliated with the Chairman of our Board of Directors, Rudi Fronk, and an owner of approximately 5.5 of our outstanding common stock, pursuant to which the Company may borrow, in one or more advances, the principal amount of up to 1,500,000. The Loan bears interest at a per annum rate of 12 , payable upon maturity or prepayment, and matures on September 30 2023. At the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had borrowed 1,500,000 from Seabridge. Subsequent to the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company and Seabridge entered into an agreement to extend the maturity date of the Note to Seabridge to November 30, 2023 and increase the applicable annual interest rate to 13 . 
 The main uses of cash were comprised of the following material amounts: 
 Cash used to fund our operations, which included general and administration expenses, land holding costs, exploration and development programs at our mineral properties, of 5,252,332. 

In addition to cash used in operating activities, the Company used and received cash as follows: 
 Cash used to purchase mining claims and increase reclamation bonds of 126,700; 

Cash received from equity financings and issuance of note payable of 3,719,796. 

Going Concern 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company have been prepared on a going concern basis, which means that the continuation of the Company is presumed even though events and conditions exist that, when considered in aggregate, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern because it is possible that the Company will be required to adversely change its current business plan or man be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that these financial statements were issued. 
 Paramount expects to continue to incur losses as a result of costs and expenses related to maintaining its properties and general and administrative expenses. Since 2015, the Company has relied on equity financings, debt financings and sale of royalties to fund its operations and the Company expects to rely on these forms of financing to fund operations into the near future. The Company will also continue to identify ways to reduce its cash expenditures. 
 Paramount s current business plan requires working capital to fund non-discretionary expenditures for its exploration and development activities on its mineral properties, mineral property holding costs and general and administrative expenses. It also requires approximately 6.0 million in capital to repay the 2019 convertible notes and the note payable to Seabridge which become due in September 2024 and November 2023 respectively. 
 We anticipate our twelve-month cash expenditures for our fiscal year ending June 30, 2024 to be as follows: 
 4.1 million on corporate, land claim maintenance and general expenses 

For discretionary exploration and development, subject to available cash on hand and additional share issuances, we are budgeting the following amounts: 
 3.9 million on the Grassy Mountain Project state and federal permitting activities 

0.15 million on the Sleeper Gold Project 

2.6 million for E-Cell Conversions at the Sleeper Gold Project 

35 

For the planned reclamation activities required by state and federal regulators at Sleeper, the Company expects that these expenditures will be reimbursed by insurance proceeds. For any interest that accrues and is owing on the outstanding convertible debt, the Company expects to elect to pay the semi-annual interest payment in shares of its Common Stock. 
 Subsequent to September 25, 2023, the Company expects to fund operations as follows: 
 Existing cash on hand and working capital. 

The existing ATM with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Canaccord Genuity LLC. 

Insurance proceeds to fund reclamation and environmental obligations at its Sleeper Gold Project. 

Other debt, equity financings and sale of royalties. 

Historically, we have been successful in accessing capital through equity and debt financing arrangements or by the sale of royalties on its mineral properties, no assurance can be given that additional financing will be available to it in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, or on terms acceptable to the Company. In the event that we are unable to obtain additional capital or financing, our operations, exploration and development activities will be significantly adversely affected. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent on having sufficient capital to maintain our operations and to repay debt which become due in November 2023 and September 2024. In considering our financing plans, our current working capital position and our ability to reduce operating expenses the Company believes there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern twelve months after the date that our financial statements are issued. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Management considers the following policies to be most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing the Company s consolidated financial statements and the uncertainties that could impact the results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our financial statements are affected by the accounting policies used and the estimates and assumptions made by management during their preparation. Management believes the Company s critical accounting policies are those related to mineral property acquisition costs, exploration and development cost, derivative accounting and foreign currency translation. 
 Estimates 
 The Company prepares its consolidated financial statements and notes in conformity to United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP and requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates these estimates, including those related the adequacy of the Company s reclamation and environmental obligation, and assessment of impairment of mineral properties. Management bases these estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Mineral property acquisition costs 
 The Company capitalizes the cost of acquiring mineral properties and will amortize these costs over the useful life of a property following the commencement of production or expense these costs if it is determined that the mineral property has no future economic value or the properties are sold or abandoned. Costs include cash consideration and the fair market value of shares issued on the acquisition of mineral properties. Properties acquired under option agreements, whereby payments are made at the sole discretion of the Company, are recorded in the accounts of the specific mineral property at the time the payments are made. 
 The amounts recorded as mineral properties reflect actual costs incurred to acquire the properties and do not indicate any present or future value of economically recoverable reserves. 
 Exploration expenses 
 We record exploration expenses as incurred. When we determine that precious metal resource deposit can be economically and legally extracted or produced based on established proven and probable reserves, further exploration expenses related to such reserves incurred after such a determination will be capitalized. To date, we have not established any proven or probable reserves and will continue to expense exploration costs as incurred. 
 Asset Retirement Obligation 
 The fair value of the Company s asset retirement obligation ARO is measured by discounting the expected cash flows using a discount factor that reflects the credit-adjusted risk free rate of interest, while taking into account the inflation rate. The Company prepares estimates of the timing and amounts of expected cash flows and ongoing reclamation expenditures are charged against the 
 36 

ARO as incurred to the extent they relate to the ARO. Significant judgments and estimates are made when estimating the fair value of ARO. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We are not currently a party to, or otherwise involved with, any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 The Company holds cash balances in both U.S. and Canadian dollars. We transact most of our business in U.S. dollars. We do not manage our foreign currency exchange rate risk through the use of financial or derivative instruments, forward contracts or hedging activities. 
 
 In general, the strengthening of the U.S. dollar will positively impact our expenses transacted in Canadian dollars. Conversely, any weakening of the U.S. dollar will increase our expenses transacted in Canadian dollars. We do not believe that any weakening of the U.S. dollar as compared to the Canadian dollar will have an adverse material effect on our operations. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 The Company s investment policy for its cash and cash equivalents is focused on the preservation of capital and supporting the liquidity requirements of the Company. The Company s interest earned on its cash balances is impacted on the fluctuations of U.S. interest rates. We do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage exposure to interest rate changes. We do not believe that interest rate fluctuations will have any material effect on our operations. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data. 
 Our financial statements, accompanying notes and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1, which are incorporated in this Item 8 by reference. 

37 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under then supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company 
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated 2013 Framework. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Because we are a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for so long as we are a smaller reporting company. 
 CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the year ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 
 38 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by Items 401, 405, 406, 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K will be contained in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement and is hereby incorporated by reference thereto. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 The information required by Item 402 and paragraph (e)(4) and (e)(5) of Item 407 of Regulation S-K will be contained in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is hereby incorporated by reference thereto. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by Item 201(d) and Item 403 of Regulation S-K will be contained in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is hereby incorporated by reference thereto. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by Item 404 and Item 407(a) of Regulation S-K will be contained in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is hereby incorporated by reference thereto. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by Item 9(e) of Schedule 14A will be filed in the Company s 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of the Company s fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and is hereby incorporated by reference thereto. The Company's independent registered public accounting firm is , Denver, CO, PCAOB ID: . 
 
 39 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following report and financial statements are filed together with this Annual Report: 

(1) Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. 

Included in Part II of this report: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 40 

(b) Index to Exhibits 

41 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated as of May 20, 2020, by and between Paramount Gold Nevada Corp., Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Canaccord Genuity LLC (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 20, 2020) 

1.2 
 
 Agency Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2020, by and between Paramount Gold Nevada Corp., Canaccord Genuity Corp. and Cantor Fitzgerald Canada Corporation. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 25, 2020) 

2.1 
 
 Form of Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between Paramount Gold and Silver Corp. and the Registrant. 1 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger among Coeur Mining, Inc., Hollywood Merger Sub, Inc., Paramount Gold and Silver Corp., and the Registrant, Dated as of December 16, 2014. 1 

2.3 
 
 Arrangement Agreement and Plan of Arrangement dated March 14, 2016, among Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. and Calico Resources Corp. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 17, 2016) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation. 2 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 2 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 9, 2017) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 29, 2018) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Senior Secured Convertible Note (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on September 13, 2019) 

10.1 
 
 2015 Stock Incentive and Equity Compensation Plan. 2 

10.2 
 
 2016 Stock Incentive and Equity Compensation Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 1 to Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of the Company filed on October 28, 2016) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Subscription Agreement between Coeur Mining, Inc. and the Registrant. 3 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated October 26, 2015 between Company and Glen Van Treek (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 26, 2015) 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement dated October 26, 2015 between Company and Carlo Buffone (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 26, 2015) 

10.6 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement Glen Van Treek dated August 10, 2016 (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on August 12, 2016) 

10.7 
 
 Amended Employment Agreement Carlo Buffone dated August 10, 2016 (Incorporated herein by reference to exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on August 12, 2016) 

10.8 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 9, 2017) 

10.9 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 29, 2018) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Security Agreement (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on September 13, 2019) 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Moss Adams LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Qualified Person for Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project - Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc. 

23.3 
 
 Consent of Qualified Person for Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project - Arrowhead Underground LLC 

23.4 
 
 Consent of Qualified Person for Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project - Geotechnical Mine Solutions 

23.5 
 
 Consent of Qualified Person for Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project - RESPEC Company LLC 

23.6 
 
 Consent of Qualified Person for Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project - SLR International Corporation 

23.7 
 
 Consent of Qualified Person for Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project - WSP USA Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

42 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

96.1 
 
 Technical Report Summary for the Grassy Mountain Project, Oregon, U.S.A. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 96.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 6, 2022 (File. No. 001-36908) 

96.2 
 
 Technical Report Summary for the Sleeper Gold Project, Nevada, U.S.A. (Incorporated by reference to exhibit 96.1 to the Registrants's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 12, 2023 (File No. 001-36908) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 1 Incorporated by reference to the exhibit filed in the Registrant s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on February 23, 2015. 
 2 Incorporated by reference to the exhibit filed in the Registrant s Form 10-Q filed on May 22, 2015. 
 3 Incorporated by reference to the exhibit filed in the Registrant s Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on April 2, 2015. 
 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Rachel Goldman 

Rachel Goldman 

(Director and CEO) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Rachel Goldman 
 
 Director and CEO (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Rachel Goldman 

/s/ Carlo Buffone 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Carlo Buffone 

/s/ Glen Van Treek 
 
 Director, President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Glen Van Treek 

/s/ Rudi Fronk 
 
 Director 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Rudi Fronk 

/s/ John Carden 
 
 Director 
 
 September 25, 2023 

John Carden 

/s/ Eliseo Gonzalez-Urien 
 
 Director 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Eliseo Gonzalez-Urien 

/s/ Christopher Reynolds 
 
 Director 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Christopher Reynolds 

/s/ Pierre Pelletier 
 
 Director 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Pierre Pelletier 

/s/ Samantha Espley 
 
 Director 
 
 September 25, 2023 

Samantha Espley 

44 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Audit ID 
 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 20 22 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended June 30, 2023 and 20 22 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years ended June 30, 2023 and 20 22 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended June 30, 2023 and 20 22 
 
 F- 5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 6 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern Uncertainty 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has not generated revenues or cash flows from operations and does not expect to generate any in the near future, and the Company will require additional capital to settle the promissory note payable and convertible notes that mature in November 2023 and September 2024, respectively, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the (consolidated) financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ Moss Adams LLP 

September 25, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

PARAMOUNT GOLD NEVADA CORP. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 

June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2022 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Total Current Assets 

Non-Current Assets 

Mineral properties 

Reclamation bonds 

Property and equipment 

Total Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Reclamation and environmental obligation, current portion 

Convertible debt 

Convertible debt, related parties 

Notes payable, related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Convertible debt 

Convertible debt, related parties 

Deferred tax liability 

Reclamation and environmental obligation, non-current portion 

Total Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14) 

Stockholders' Equity 

Common stock, par value , authorized shares, issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and authorized shares, issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 2 

PARAMOUNT GOLD NEVADA CORP. 
 C onsolidated Statements of Operations 
 for the Years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Expenses 

Exploration 

Land holding costs 

Professional fees 

Salaries and benefits 

Directors' compensation 

General and administrative 

Accretion 

Total Expenses 

Net Loss before Other Expense 

Other Expense (Income) 

Other income 

() 

() 

Interest and service charges 

Net Loss before Income Taxes 

Income Taxes 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net Loss 

Loss per Common Share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted Average Number of Common 

Shares Used in Per Share Calculations 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 3 

PARAMOUNT GOLD NEVADA CORP. 
 C onsolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 for the Years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares (#) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Capital issued for financing 

Capital issued for payment of interest 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

() 

Shares (#) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Deficit 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

() 

Stock based compensation 

Capital issued for financing 

Capital issued for payment of interest 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

PARAMOUNT GOLD NEVADA CORP. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 for the Years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operations: 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest expense 

Accretion expense 

Settlement of asset retirement obligations 

() 

() 

Change in reclamation bonds accounts 

() 

Deferred tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Effect of changes in operating working capital items: 

(Increase)/Decrease in prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Increase/(Decrease) in accounts payable 

() 

Cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Increase of reclamation bond 

() 

Purchase of mineral properties 

() 

() 

Purchase of equipment 

() 

Cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Capital issued for financing, net of share issuance costs 

Proceeds from notes payable, related parties 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Change in cash during period 

() 

() 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

See Note 5 for supplemental cash flow information 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 5 

PARAMOUNT GOLD NEVADA CORP. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and million, respectively, of balances in excess of federally insured limits. . 

declining balance 

Equipment 
 
 declining balance 

The Company assesses the carrying value of mineral properties for whenever information or events indicate the potential for impairment. This would include our inability to obtain all the necessary regulatory permits to build and operate mines related to our mineral properties, government actions, the results of exploration activities and technical evaluations and changes in key economic conditions such as the price of gold and silver or key inputs to the building and operating of a mine including initial capital, yearly production levels and operating expenses. We compare estimated future net cash flows with our carrying costs and future obligations on an undiscounted basis. The undiscounted cash flows are based on the amounts we expect to receive from the sale of gold and silver produced from the mine, the level of operating expenses we expect to incur to produce the gold and silver that is recovered from the mineral deposit and the level of capital expected to build, operate and sustain the mine operations. If it is determined that the estimated future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the property, a write-down to the estimated fair value will be reported in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the period. There has been impairment of our mineral properties for the fiscal years-ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The Company also reviews the terms of its convertible notes payable to determine whether there are embedded derivatives, including the embedded conversion option, that are required to be bifurcated and accounted for as individual derivative financial instruments. In circumstances where convertible debt contains embedded derivatives that are required to be separated from the host contracts, the total proceeds received are first allocated to the fair value of the derivative financial instruments determined using the binomial model. The remaining proceeds, if any, are then allocated to the debenture cost contracts, usually resulting in those instruments being recorded at a discount from their principal amount. This discount is accreted over the expected life of the instruments to profit (loss) using the effective interest method. The debenture host contracts are subsequently recorded at amortized cost at each reporting date, using the effective interest method. The embedded derivatives are subsequently recorded at fair value at each reporting date, with changes in fair value recognized in profit (loss). As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were embedded derivatives. 

Paramount s current business plan requires working capital to fund non-discretionary expenditures for its exploration and development activities on its mineral properties, mineral property holding costs and general and administrative expenses. It also requires approximately million in capital to repay the 2019 convertible notes and the note payable to Seabridge, which become due in September 2024 and November 2023, respectively. It also requires approximately million to complete evaporation pond conversions as part of its reclamation and environmental obligations at its Sleeper Gold Project. Subsequent to September 25, 2023, the Company expects to fund operations as follows: Existing cash on hand and working capital. 

 The existing ATM with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Canaccord Genuity LLC. 

 Insurance proceeds to fund reclamation and environmental obligations at its Sleeper Gold Project. 

 Other debt, equity financings and sale of royalties. 

 Historically, we have been successful in accessing capital through equity and debt financing arrangements or by the sale of royalties on its mineral properties, no assurance can be given that additional financing will be available to it in amounts sufficient to meet its needs, or on terms acceptable to the Company. In the event that we are unable to obtain additional capital or financing, our operations, exploration and development activities will be significantly adversely affected. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent on having sufficient capital to maintain our operations and to repay debt which become due in November 2023 and September 2024. In considering our financing plans and our current working capital position the Company believes there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern twelve months after the date that our financial statements are issued. 

shares of Common Stock for payment of interest on its outstanding 2019 Convertible Notes with a fair value of . The Company also issued shares of Common Stock under its equity compensation plans with a fair value of . During the year-ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock for payment of interest on its outstanding 2019 Convertible Notes with a fair value of . The Company also issued shares of Common Stock under its equity compensation plans with a fair value of . 

 F- 10 

shares of Common Stock with par value of per common share (2022- shares of Common Stock with par value per common share). During the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued shares for net proceeds of through its at-the-market offering and issued shares for the payment of accrued interest (Note 7) with a fair value of . The Company also issued shares related to awards made under its equity compensation plans. During the year-ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares for net proceeds of through its at-the market offering and issued shares for payment of interest accrued and owing (Note 5 and Note 7) with a fair value of . The Company also issued shares related to awards under its equity compensation plans. Stock Options, Restricted Stock Units and Stock Based Compensation Paramount s 2015 and 2016 Stock Incentive and Compensation Plans, which are stockholder-approved, permits the grant of stock options, restricted stock units and stock to its employees and directors for up to million shares of common stock. Total stock-based compensation for the years-ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were and respectively. Total stock-based compensation for the year-ended June 30, 2023 consists of the aggregate of stock-based compensation recorded for outstanding stock-option awards (2022 - ), restricted stock unit awards (2022 - and restricted stock grant awards (2022 - ). Restricted Stock Grants During the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company granted and issued shares (2022 - of Common stock under its equity compensation plan with a fair value of (2022 - ). Stock Options and Stock Based Compensation Stock option awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of Paramount s stock at the date of grant and have contractual lives of . To better align the interests of its key executives, employee and directors with those of its shareholders a significant portion of those share option awards will vest contingent upon meeting certain stock price appreciation performance goals and other performance conditions. Option and share awards provide for accelerated vesting if there is a change in control (as defined in the employee equity compensation plan). For the year-ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company granted and stock options to employees, directors and consultants, respectively. For the year-ended June 30, 2023, share-based compensation expense relating to service conditions options and performance conditions options were and , respectively (2022 - and ). 

N/A 

Weighted-average volatility 

N/A 

Expected dividends 

N/A 

Weighted average expected term (years) 

N/A 

Weighted average fair value 

N/A 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Non-vested at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Non-vested at June 30, 2023 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there was and respectively of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the employee share option plan. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of stock options vested during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, was and respectively. Restricted Stock Units RSUs RSUs are awards for service and performance which upon vesting and settlement entitle the recipient to receive one common share of the Company's Common Stock for no additional consideration, for each RSU held. During the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company granted RSUs (2022 - During the year-ended June 30, 2023, share-based compensation expenses related to service condition RSUs and performance condition RSUs was and , respectively (2022 - and 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there was approximately and of unamortized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs. This expense is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting periods of years. 

Less: unamortized discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

In September 2019, the Company completed a private offering of Senior Secured Convertible Notes 2019 Convertible Notes at per face amount due in September . Each 2019 Convertible Note will bear an interest rate of per annum, payable . Subsequent to the year ended June 30, 2023, the maturity of the 2019 Convertible Notes was extended to the earlier of or the date of funding of the transaction contemplated by a non-binding term sheet between the Company and Sprott Resource and Streaming Royalty Corp and the annual interest rate increased to commencing on October 1, 2023 (Note 15). The effective interest rate of the 2019 Convertible Notes is . The principal amount of the 2019 Convertible Notes will be convertible at a price of per share of Paramount common stock. Unamortized discount and issuance costs of will be amortized as an additional interest expense over the term of the 2019 Convertible Notes. During the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company amortized (2022- of discount and issuance costs. for consecutive trading days. The convertible notes are secured by a lien on all assets of the Company and the Company is required to maintain a cash balance of . At June 30, 2023, the cash covenant of was met by the Company. During the year-ended June 30, 2023, there were notes converted to shares of Common Stock (2022 NIL). Also during the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded interest expense of (2022 - ). As of June 30, 2023, there were (2022 - total notes outstanding of which (2022 - were held by third parties and (2022 - were held by related parties. Of the notes held by related parties were held by a director of the Company and and were held by an affiliate shareholder. 

 of our outstanding common stock, pursuant to which the Company may borrow, in one or more advances, the principal amount of up to (the Loan ). , payable upon maturity or prepayment, and matures on . The Company has the right to prepay the Loan, in whole or in part, at any time without penalty. At June 30, 2023, the balance of the loan including accrued interest was . Subsequent to the year ended June 30, 2023, an agreement between the Company and Seabridge was reached to extend the maturity of the Note to the earlier of or the date of funding of the transaction contemplated by a non-binding term sheet between the Company and Sprott Resource and Streaming Royalty Corp and increase the per annum interest rate of the Loan to commencing on October 1, 2023 (Note 15). 

Grassy Mountain and other Oregon based Projects 

Sleeper: Sleeper is located in Humbolt County, Nevada approximately 26 miles northwest of the town of Winnemucca. During the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded a decrease in reclamation and environmental obligation of (2022 - Increase of (Note 10) for the Sleeper Gold Project. Grassy Mountain: The Grassy Mountain Project is located in Malheur County, Oregon, approximately 22 miles south of Vale, Oregon, and roughly 70 miles west of Boise, Idaho. Other Oregon Based Projects : During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company made a payment to Nevada Select Royalty Inc. Nevada Select in the amount of on the anniversary date of receiving a drill permit for the Frost Project. See Note 14 for a description of the Frost Project. Other Nevada Based Projects: During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company made a payment to Nevada Select in the amount of after Paramount received a permit to drill the Bald Peak claims from the US Forestry Service. See Note 14 for a description of the Bald Peak claims. 

 (June 30, 2022 - ). Paramount is responsible for managing the reclamation activities from the previous mine operations at the Sleeper Gold Mine as directed by the BLM and the Nevada State Department of Environmental Protection NDEP ). Paramount has estimated the undiscounted reclamation costs for existing disturbances at the Sleeper Gold Project required by the BLM to be . These costs are expected to be incurred between the calendar years 2023 and 2060. At June 30, 2023, Paramount has also estimated undiscounted reclamation cost as required by the NDEP to be . These costs include on-going monitoring and new requests from the NDEP to convert three processing ponds from the historical operations to evaporation cell ponds by the end of calendar year 2023. These costs are expected to be incurred between calendar years 2023 and 2039. The sum of expected costs by year are discounted using the Company s credit adjusted risk free interest rate from the time it expects to pay the retirement to the time it incurs the obligation. The asset retirement obligation for the Sleeper Gold Project recorded on the balance sheet is equal to the present value of the estimated reclamation costs as required by both the BLM and NDEP. 

Weighted-average inflation rate 

Accretion expense 

Additions and change in estimates 

() 

Settlements 

() 

() 

Balance at end of period 

The balance of the reclamation and environmental obligation of (2022 - is comprised of a current portion of (2022 - and a non-current portion of (2022 - ). 

 F- 14 

Leasing of water rights to third party 

Restitution payment 

Total 

Grassy Mountain Project and other Oregon based Projects 

Expenses and mineral property carrying values by material project for the year ended June 30, 2022: 

Exploration and Development Expenses 

Land Holding Costs 

Mineral Properties 

Sleeper Gold Project and other Nevada based Projects 

Grassy Mountain Project and other Oregon based Projects 

Additional operating expenses incurred by the Company are treated as corporate overhead with exception of accretion expense which is discussed in note 10. 

 (2022- expiring between the years and which are available to reduce future taxable income. Tax losses incurred after June 30, 2018 of (2022 - may be carried forward indefinitely.) 

() 

Asset retirement obligation 

Fixed assets 

Stock options 

Other 

Net operating losses 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Mineral properties 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset 

() 

US Statutory tax rate 

Expected income recovery 

() 

() 

Non-deductible items 

Change in estimates 

() 

() 

Other items 

Change in tax rates 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total income taxes (recovery) 

() 

Current tax expense (recovery) 

Deferred tax expense (recovery) 

() 

The potential tax benefits of net operating losses have not been recognized in these financial statements because the Company cannot be assured it is more likely than not it will utilize the net operating losses carried forward in future years. Accounting for uncertainty for Income Tax Income taxes are determined using assets and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. In addition, a valuation allowance is established to reduce any deferred tax asset for which it is determined that it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As at June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s consolidated balance sheets did not reflect a liability for uncertain tax positions, nor any accrued penalties or interest associated with income tax uncertainties. The Company is subject to income taxation at the federal and state levels. The Company is subject to US federal tax examinations for the tax years 2019 through 2023 . Loss carryforwards generated or utilized in years earlier than 2019 are also subject to examination and adjustment. The Company has no income tax examinations in process. 

 mining claims Cryla Claims covering acres located immediately to the west of the proposed Grassy Mountain site from Cryla LLC. Paramount is obligated to make annual lease payments of per year the first two years of the lease term and per year thereafter with an option to purchase the Cryla Claims for at any time. The term of the agreement is years. In the event Paramount exercises its option to acquire the Cryla Claims, all annual payments shall be credited against a production royalty that will be based on a prevailing price of the metals produced from the Cryla Claims. The royalty rate ranges between and based on the daily price of gold. The agreement with Cryla can be terminated by Paramount at any time. Paramount made the annual lease payment of as required by the agreement during the year ended June 30, 2023. The Cryla Claims are without known mineral reserves and there is no current exploratory work being performed. Paramount has an agreement with Nevada Select Royalty Nevada Select to purchase in the Frost Project, which consists of mining claims located approximately 12 miles west of its Grassy Mountain Project. A total consideration of payable to Nevada Select will be based on certain events over time. Upon signing the agreement, Paramount made a payment of to Nevada Select. Nevada Select will retain a NSR on the Frost Claims and Paramount has the right to reduce the NSR to for a payment of million. All required payments under the agreement due at June 30, 2023 have been paid including a payment for that was due on the anniversary date of receiving the drill permit from the responsible regulatory agencies. The Frost Claims are without known mineral reserves. During the year-ended June 30, 2022, the Company entered into an option agreement with Nevada Select to purchase the Bald Peak mining claims in the State of Nevada and California for a total consideration of . Payments under the agreement will be based on achieving certain events over time. Upon signing the agreement Paramount made a payment to Nevada Select of . During the year-ended June 30, 2023, the Company made a payment under the agreement of after receiving the permit to drill the claims from the U.S. Forestry Service. The Bald Peak Claims are without known mineral reserves. Seabridge holds an NPI put option in which during the 30-day period immediately following the day that the Company has delivered notice to Seabridge that a positive production decision has been made and construction financing has been secured with respect to the Grassy Mountain Project. Seabridge may cause the Company to purchase the NPI for CDN . If Seabridge exercises the right to cause the Company to purchase the NPI, the Company would likely need to seek additional equity or other financing to fund the purchase, which financing may not be available to the Company on favorable terms or at all. 

 shares at a fair value price of per share for the payment of interest accrued and owing at June 30, 2023 for its outstanding convertible debt. The Company also sold shares under its at the market program for gross proceeds of . Also Subsequent to fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, entered into an amendment (the Amendment to its outstanding 2019 Convertible Notes, with certain Holders of the 2019 Convertible Notes constituting the Required Holders (as defined in the 2019 Convertible Notes) . The Amendment modifies the definition of Maturity Date of the Convertible Notes to be the earlier of (i) or (ii) the date of funding of the transaction contemplated by that certain non-binding term sheet by and between the Company and Sprott Resource and Streaming Royalty Corp. The Amendment also modifies the definition of Interest Rate of the Convertible Notes to be (i) per annum, to an including September 30, 2023, and (ii) per annum, on and after October 1, 2023. The Company also entered into an amendment (the Seabridge Amendment with Seabridge to the Note whereby the applicable rate of per annum interest has increased to per annum from per annum on and after October 1, 2023 and the maturity date to the earlier of and the date of funding of the transaction contemplated by that certain non-binding term sheet by and between the Company and Sprott Resources and Streaming Royalty Corp. 

 F- 17 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 pzg-ex4_1.htm
 EX-4.1

EX-4.1 

Exhibit 4.1 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. we, us, our and the Company has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: our common stock. The following description of our common stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, each of which are filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this exhibit is a part, and to the applicable provisions of Nevada law, including the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ). We encourage you to read our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws and the applicable provisions of Nevada law for more information. 
 Authorized Share Capital 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 50,000,000 shares of common stock. As of September 8, 2020, there were 33,937,080 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 Common Stock 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally, including the election or removal of directors. The holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights in the election of directors. 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up and after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata our remaining assets available for distribution. Holders of our common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. The common stock will not be subject to further calls or assessment by us. There is no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock. All outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Dividends 
 Under NRS 78.288, the directors of a corporation may authorize, and the corporation may make, distributions (including cash dividends) to stockholders, but no such distribution may be made if, after giving it effect: 
 the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of (x) its total liabilities plus (y) the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 

The NRS prescribes the timing of the determinations above depending on the nature and timing of payment of the distribution. For cash dividends paid within 120 days after the date of authorization, the determinations above must be made as of the date the dividend is authorized. When making their determination that a distribution is not prohibited by NRS 78.288, directors may consider: 
 financial statements prepared on the basis of accounting practices that are reasonable in the circumstances; 

a fair valuation, including, but not limited to, unrealized appreciation and depreciation; and/or 

any other method that is reasonable in the circumstances. 

Declaration and payment of any dividend are subject to the discretion of our board of directors. 

Annual Stockholder Meetings 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provides that annual stockholder meetings are held at a date, time and place as exclusively selected by our board of directors. To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may conduct meetings by remote communications, including by webcast. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws and Certain Provisions of Nevada Law 
 The provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and of the NRS summarized below may have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, defer or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that you might consider in your best interest, including an attempt that might result in your receipt of a premium over the market price for your shares. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our board of directors, which could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 Authorized but Unissued Capital Stock 
 Nevada law does not require stockholder approval for any issuance of authorized shares. However, the listing requirements of the NYSE American, which will apply so long as our common stock remains listed on the NYSE American, require stockholder approval of certain issuances equal to or exceeding 20 of the then outstanding voting power or then-outstanding number of shares of common stock. Additional shares may be issued in the future for a variety of corporate purposes, including future public offerings, to raise additional capital or to facilitate acquisitions. 
 Moreover, the board of directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue shares of our authorized, unissued and unreserved common stock. 
 Board of Directors 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provides that the number of directors will be fixed from time to time exclusively pursuant to a resolution adopted by the board of directors. 
 Business Combinations and Acquisition of Control Shares 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provides that the Company has elected not to be governed by certain Nevada statutes that may have the effect of discouraging corporate takeovers. 
 Nevada's combinations with interested stockholders statutes (NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive) prohibit specified types of business combinations between certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder for two years after such person first becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s board of directors approves the combination (or the transaction by which such person becomes an interested stockholder in advance, or unless the combination is approved by the board of directors and sixty percent of the corporation's voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates and associates. Furthermore, in the absence of prior approval certain restrictions may apply even after such two-year period. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any person who is (1) the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation, or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term combination is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested stockholder . Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that these statutes do not apply to us. 
 Nevada's acquisition of controlling interest statutes (NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive) contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations. These control share laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling interest in certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting 

rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the corporation elects to restore such voting rights. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws provides that these statutes do not apply to any acquisition of our common stock. Absent such provision in our articles of incorporation or bylaws, these laws would apply to us if we were to have 200 or more stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom have addresses in Nevada appearing on our stock ledger) and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, unless our articles of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. These laws provide that a person acquires a controlling interest whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that, but for the application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable that person to exercise (1) one-fifth or more, but less than one-third, (2) one-third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in the election of directors. Once an acquirer crosses one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling interest become control shares to which the voting restrictions described above apply. 
 In addition, NRS 78.139 also provides that directors may resist a change or potential change in control if the directors, by majority vote of a quorum, determine that the change is opposed to, or not in, the best interests of the corporation. 
 Removal of Directors; Vacancies 
 Under NRS 78.335, one or more of the incumbent directors may be removed from office by the vote of stockholders representing two-thirds or more of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that any newly created position on the board of directors that results from an increase in the total number of directors and any vacancies on the board of directors will be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even if less than a quorum, by a sole remaining director. 
 No Cumulative Voting 
 The NRS does not permit stockholders to cumulate their votes other than in the election of directors, and then only if expressly authorized by the corporation's articles of incorporation. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation expressly prohibits cumulative voting. 
 Special Stockholder Meetings 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of (i) the board of directors, (ii) the chairman of the board of directors or (iii) two or more of the members of our board of directors. Our amended and restated bylaws prohibits the conduct of any business at a special meeting other than as specified in the notice for such meeting. 
 Requirements for Advance Notification of Director Nominations and Stockholder Proposals 
 Our amended and restated bylaws establishes advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of the board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting of our stockholders, the stockholder submitting the proposal or nomination will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a stockholder's notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Our amended and restated bylaws specifies requirements as to the form and content of the stockholder's notice. Our amended and restated bylaws allows the chairman of the meeting to prescribe rules and regulations for the conduct of stockholders meetings which may preclude the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the rules and regulations are not followed. 
 Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provides that the stockholders may not in any circumstance take action by written consent. 
 Supermajority Provisions 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provides that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, amend, change, add to, rescind or repeal, in whole or in part, our bylaws without a stockholder vote in any matter not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Nevada and our amended and restated articles of incorporation. Except as indicated below, any amendment, alteration, rescission or repeal of our bylaws by our stockholders will require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class. 
 Any amendment to our articles of incorporation to be effected pursuant to, or to be effective upon or after the consummation of, a merger, conversion or exchange in which Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. is a constituent entity, in each case which has been otherwise duly authorized and approved by our board of directors and our stockholders in accordance with our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws, the NRS and other applicable law, requires an affirmative vote by the stockholders holding no less than the majority of the then-issued and outstanding shares of stock entitled to vote thereon. 
 Dissenters' Rights of Appraisal and Payment 
 The provisions of Nevada's dissenter's rights statutes (NRS 92A.300 through 92A.500, inclusive) specify certain corporate actions giving rise to the right of a stockholder to demand payment of fair value (as defined in NRS 92A.320) of its shares, subject to a number of limitations and procedural requirements. 
 Stockholders' Derivative Actions 
 Our stockholders may be entitled to bring an action in our name to procure a judgment in our favor, also known as a derivative action, subject to the requirements of applicable law. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum the Sixth Judicial District Court of Northern Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum (to the extent the forum has personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein) for any (i) derivative action or proceeding brought in the name or right of the corporation or on its behalf, (ii) action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to the corporation or any of our stockholders, creditors or other constituents or stakeholders, (iii) action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of Chapters 78 or 92A of the NRS or any provision of the corporation's articles of incorporation or bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that the liability of our directors and officers shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the NRS. NRS 78.138(7) provides that, subject to very limited statutory exceptions and unless the articles of incorporation or an amendment thereto (in each case filed on or after October 1, 2003) provide for greater individual liability, a director or officer is not individually liable to a corporation or its stockholders or creditors for any damages as a result of any act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director or officer unless it is proven that: (i) the act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director or officer and (ii) the breach of those duties involved intentional misconduct, fraud or a knowing violation of law. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provides that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted under the NRS. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors' and officers' liability 

insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and executive officers. 
 Deemed Notice and Consent 
 Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provides that any person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to have notice of and consented to all of the provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation (including, without limitation, the provisions described above under - Exclusive Forum ), our amended and restated bylaws and any amendment to our articles of incorporation or bylaws enacted in accordance therewith and applicable law. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computer Shareholder Services, Inc., who address is 111 Founders Plaza East Hartford, CT 06108. 
 Listing 
 Our shares of common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol PZG. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 pzg-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

Name 
 
 State/Province of Incorporation 
 
 Ownership Percentage 

Sleeper Mining Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 

New Sleeper Gold, LLC 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

Calico Resources USA Corp. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 pzg-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857) of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. (the Company ), of our report dated September 25, 2023, relating to the 2023 consolidated financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to going concern uncertainty), appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 /s/ Moss Adams LLP 
 
 Denver, CO 
 September 25, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 5
 pzg-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc., 1050 West Pender Street, Suite 1200, Vancouver, British Columbia, V6E 3S7 
 
 Consent of Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc. 
 We had appropriate individual Qualified Persons prepare the content in the technical report summary titled Technical Report Summary on the Grassy Mountain Project, Oregon, U.S.A. (the TRS current as of June 30, 2022 for Paramount Gold Nevada Corp., portions of which are summarized on Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ). 
 Furthermore, we state that: 
 i. The TRS was prepared in accordance with Subpart 229.1300 of Regulations S-K promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and supports the Company s Form 10-K; 

ii. We consent to the incorporation by reference of the TRS in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857) (the Registration Statements ); 

iii. We consent to the use of and references to our name in connection with the TRS, Form 10-K and the Registration Statements; and 

iv. the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the TRS, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and/or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 

Ausenco is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following Sections of the TRS: 1.1, 1.2, 1.10, 1.16, 1.17, 1.18, 1.20, 1.23.1.1, 1.23.1.5, 1.23.1.6, 1.23.1.7, 1.23.2.3, 1.23.2.4, 1.24.1, 1.24.6, 2, 9.3, 10, 13.3, 14, 15.1, 15.2, 15.7.3, 15.8, 15.9, 15.10, 16, 18.1.1, 18.1.2, 18.1.3, 18.1.4, 18.1.5, 18.1.6, 18.1.7, 18.1.8, 18.1.10, 18.1.11.2, 18.1.12, 18.1.13, 18.1.14, 18.1.15, 18.2.1, 18.2.3, 18.2.4, 19, 20, 21, 22.1, 22.5, 22.9, 22.10.1, 22.10.2, 22.10.6, 22.12, 22.13, 22.14, 22.15, 22.16.1.1, 22.16.1.5, 22.16.1.6, 22.16.1.7, 22.16.2.3, 22.16.2.4, 22.17, 23.1, 23.6, 24, 25. 
 Dated at Vancouver, Canada this 25 th Day of September, 2023 
 /s/ Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc. 
 _______________________ Ausenco Engineering Canada Inc. 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 6
 pzg-ex23_3.htm
 EX-23.3

EX-23.3 

Exhibit 23.3 
 Arrowhead Underground LLC. 3485 Drayer LN, Fernley, NV 89408 
 
 Consent of Arrowhead Underground LLC. 
 In connection with the Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. Annual Report on Form 10-K the undersigned consents to: 
 i. the incorporation by reference of the TRS in the annual report on Form 10-K for Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), and in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857) (the Registration Statements ); 

ii. the use of and references to our name in connection with the TRS, Form 10-K and the Registration Statements; and 

iii. the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the TRS, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and/or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 

Arrowhead Underground LLC. is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following Sections of the TRS: 1.1, 1.13, 1.14, 1.15.1, 1.15.3, 1.15.4, 1.23.1.2, 1.23.2.1, 1.24.2, 2.3, 2.4, 9.3, 12, 13.1, 13.7, 13.8, 13.9, 13.10, 13.11.1, 13.11.2, 13.11.3, 13.11.4, 13.11.5, 13.11.7, 13.11.8, 13.11.9, 13.11.10, 13.12, 13.13, 13.14, 18.1.9, 18.1.9.1, 18.1.9.2, 18.1.9.3, 18.2.2, 18.2.2.1, 18.2.2.2, 18.2.2.3, 22.7, 22.8.1, 22.16.1.2, 22.16.2.1, 23.2, 25, 25.2, 25.3, 25.4, and 25.5. 
 Dated September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Arrowhead Underground LLC 
 _______________________ Arrowhead Underground LLC. 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DM3\9059805.1 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-23.4>
 7
 pzg-ex23_4.htm
 EX-23.4

EX-23.4 

Exhibit 23.4 
 Geotechnical Mine Solutions, 128 office 503 Mardoqueo Fernandez Street, Providencia, Santiago de Chile 
 
 Consent of Geotechnical Mine Solutions. 
 In connection with the Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. Annual Report on Form 10-K, the undersigned consents to: 
 i. the incorporation by reference of the TRS in the annual report on Form 10-K for Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), and in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857 (the Registration Statements ); 

ii. the use of and references to our name in connection with the TRS, Form 10-K and the Registration Statements; and 

iii. the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the TRS, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and/or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 

Geotechnical Mine Solutions is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following Sections of the TRS: 1.1, 1.15.2, 1.24.4, 2.3, 13.2, 13.4, 13.5, 13.6, 13.11.6, 22.8.2, 23.4, and 25. 
 Dated September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Geotechnical Mine Solutions 
 _______________________ Geotechnical Mine Solutions 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DM3\9059805.1 

</EX-23.4>

<EX-23.5>
 8
 pzg-ex23_5.htm
 EX-23.5

EX-23.5 

Exhibit 23.5 
 RESPEC Company LLC 3824 Jet Drive Rapid City, SD 57703 
 Consent of RESPEC Company LLC 
 In connection with the Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. Annual Report on Form 10-K, the undersigned consents to: 
 i. the incorporation by reference of the TRS in the annual report on Form 10-K for Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), and in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857) (the Registration Statements ); 

ii. the use of and references to our name in connection with the TRS, Form 10-K and the Registration Statements; and 

iii. the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the TRS, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and/or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 

RESPEC Company LLC is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following Sections of the TRS: 1.1, 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 1.11, 1.12, 1.24.5, 2.3, 2.4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 11, 22.3, 22.4, 22.6, 23.5, 25.4, and 25.5. 
 Dated September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Thomas L. Dyer 
 _______________________ Thomas L. Dyer 
 RESPEC Company LLC 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DM3\9059805.1 

</EX-23.5>

<EX-23.6>
 9
 pzg-ex23_6.htm
 EX-23.6

EX-23.6 

Exhibit 23.6 
 SLR International Corporation 1658 Cole Blvd, Suite 100 Lakewood, Colorado 80401 
 
 Consent of SLR International Corporation 
 In connection with the Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. Annual Report on Form 10-K, the undersigned consents to: 
 i. the incorporation by reference of the TRS in the annual report on Form 10-K for Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K ), and in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857) (the Registration Statements ); 

ii. the use of and references to our name in connection with the TRS, Form 10-K and the Registration Statements; and 

iii. the information derived, summarized, quoted or referenced from the TRS, or portions thereof, that was prepared by us, that we supervised the preparation of, and/or that was reviewed and approved by us, that is included or incorporated by reference in the Form 10-K and the Registration Statements. 

SLR International Corporation is responsible for authoring, and this consent pertains to, the following Sections of the TRS: 1.1, 1.19, 1.23.1.4, 1.24.3, 2.3, 2.4, 3.4, 3.5, 9.3, 17, 22.11, 22.16.1.4, 23.3, 25, 25.3, 25.4, and 25.5. 
 Dated September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Jeremy Scott Collyard 
 _______________________ Jeremy Scott Collyard, PMP, MMSA QP 
 SLR International Corporation 
 DOCPROPERTY DocID \ MERGEFORMAT DM3\9059805.1 

</EX-23.6>

<EX-23.7>
 10
 pzg-ex23_7.htm
 EX-23.7

EX-23.7 

Exhibit 23.7 
 
 Christopher Jason MacMahon, PE 
 WSP USA Inc. (Formally, Golder Associates USA Inc.) 
 595 Double Eagle Court, Suite 1000 
 Reno, Nevada 89521 
 
 CONSENT OF QUALIFIED PERSON 

I, Christopher Jason MacMahon, state that I am responsible for preparing or supervising the preparation of part(s) of the technical report summary titled Technical Report Summary on the Grassy Mountain Project, Oregon, U.S.A. , with an effective date of June 30, 2022, as signed and certified by me (the Technical Report Summary ). 
 
 Furthermore, I state that: 
 
 (a) I consent to the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary in the annual report on Form 10-K of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (The Form-10-K ); 

(b) I consent to the use of my name, or any quotation from or summarization in the Form 10-K of the parts of the Technical Report Summary for which I am responsible (as listed below), to the incorporation by reference of the Technical Report Summary in the Form 10-K, and in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (333-238803) and Form S-8 (No. 333-205024 and No. 333-262857) (the Registration Statements ); 

(c) I confirm that I have read the Form 10-K, and that the Form 10-K fairly and accurately reflect, in the form and context in which it appears, the information in the Technical Report Summary or in the part(s) thereof for which I am responsible, as listed below. 

(d) The parts of the Technical Report Summary which I have authored, in full or in part, and to which this consent pertains, are as follows: 

1.1 

1.23.1.3 

1.16.3 

1.16.4 

2.3 and 2.4 

15.3 thru 15.7.2 

19.1.5.1 

22.10.3 thru 22.10.5 

22.16.1.3 

22.16.2 

25.4 

25.5 

Dated at Reno, Nevada this 25 th of September 2023 

_ /s/ Christopher MacMahon __________________________ 
 Christopher Jason MacMahon, PE (OR) 
 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT Paramount Gold Nevada QP Consent_Final_2022-10-06.docx 

</EX-23.7>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 pzg-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Rachel Goldman, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Rachel Goldman 

Rachel Goldman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 pzg-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Carlo Buffone, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The small business issuer's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Carlo Buffone 

Carlo Buffone 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 pzg-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Rachel Goldman 

Rachel Goldman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 pzg-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Paramount Gold Nevada Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Carlo Buffone 

Carlo Buffone 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 21
 pzg-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 pzg-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 23
 pzg-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 pzg-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 pzg-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

