<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230731_10-K_edgar_data_108516_0000950170-23-035904.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>44338413</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>960254</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4186002</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>23867919</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4356995</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>9773099</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>21</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-035904.hdr.sgml : 20230731
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230731153457
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-035904
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		165
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230731
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230731

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108516
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STEEL WORKS, BLAST FURNACES & ROLLING & FINISHING MILLS [3310]
		IRS NUMBER:				311189815
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08399
		FILM NUMBER:		231127151

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 OLD WILSON BRIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43085
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6144383210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		200 OLD WILSON BRIDGE ROAD
		CITY:			COLUMBUS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			43085

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORTHINGTON STEEL CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-035904.txt : 20230731

10-K
 1
 wor-20230531.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission File Number 
 . 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the Registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the Common Shares (the only common equity of the Registrant) held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange on November 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . For this purpose, executive officers and directors of the Registrant are considered affiliates. 
 
 The number of Common Shares (the only common stock of the Registrant) outstanding, as of July 25, 2023 , was . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 22 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

Supplemental Item. 
 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 23 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 26 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 97 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 97 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 101 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 103 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 103 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 103 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 103 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 104 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 104 

Signatures 
 115 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 

SAFE HARBO R STATEMENT 
 
 Selected statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Form 10-K ), including, without limitation, in PART I Item 1. Business and PART II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, constitute forward-looking statements, as that term is used in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the PSLRA ). Forward-looking statements reflect the Company s current expectations, estimates or projections concerning future results or events. These statements are often identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as believe, expect, anticipate, may, could, should, would, intend, plan, will, likely, estimate, project, position, strategy, target, aim, seek, foresee or other similar words or phrases. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements relating to: 
 the ever-changing effects of the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses of governmental and nongovernmental authorities thereto (such as fiscal stimulus packages, quarantines, shut downs and other restrictions on travel and commercial, social or other activities) on economies (local, national and international) and markets, and on the Company s customers, counterparties, employees and third-party service providers; 

future or expected cash positions, liquidity and ability to access financial markets and capital; 

outlook, strategy or business plans; 

the intended separation of the Company s Steel Processing business Worthington Steel from the Company s other businesses (the Separation ), see Note A Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information related to the Separation; 

the timing and method of the Separation; 

the anticipated benefits of the Separation; 

the expected financial and operational performance of, and future opportunities for, each of the two independent, publicly-traded companies following the Separation; 

the tax treatment of the Separation transaction; 

the leadership of each of the two independent, publicly-traded companies following the Separation; 

future or expected growth, growth potential, forward momentum, performance, competitive position, sales, volumes, cash flows, earnings, margins, balance sheet strengths, debt, financial condition or other financial measures; 

pricing trends for raw materials and finished goods and the impact of pricing changes; 

the ability to improve or maintain margins; 

expected demand or demand trends for the Company or its markets; 

additions to product lines and opportunities to participate in new markets; 

expected benefits from transformation and innovation efforts; 

the ability to improve performance and competitive position at the Company s operations; 

anticipated working capital needs, capital expenditures and asset sales; 

anticipated improvements and efficiencies in costs, operations, sales, inventory management, sourcing and the supply chain and the results thereof; 

projected profitability potential; 

the ability to make acquisitions and the projected timing, results, benefits, costs, charges and expenditures related to acquisitions, joint ventures, headcount reductions and facility dispositions, shutdowns and consolidations; 

projected capacity and the alignment of operations with demand; 

the ability to operate profitably and generate cash in down markets; 

the ability to capture and maintain market share and to develop or take advantage of future opportunities, customer initiatives, new businesses, new products and new markets; 

expectations for Company and customer inventories, jobs and orders; 

ii 
 
 Table of Contents 

expectations for the economy and markets or improvements therein; 

expectations for generating improving and sustainable earnings, earnings potential, margins or shareholder value; 

effects of judicial rulings; and 

other non-historical matters. 

Because they are based on beliefs, estimates and assumptions, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. Any number of factors could affect actual results, including, without limitation, those that follow: 
 obtaining final approval of the Separation by the Board of Directors (the Board of Worthington Industries, Inc. Worthington Industries or Registrant ); 

the uncertainty of obtaining regulatory approvals in connection with the Separation. 

the ability to satisfy the necessary closing conditions to complete the Separation on a timely basis, or at all; 

the Company s ability to successfully separate the two independent companies and realize the anticipated benefits of the Separation; 

the effect of conditions in national and worldwide financial markets, including recent bank failures, inflation, increases in interest rates, and economic recession, and with respect to the ability of financial institutions to provide capital; 

the risks, uncertainties and impacts related to the COVID-19 pandemic the duration, extent and severity of which are impossible to predict, including the possibility of future resurgence in the spread of COVID-19 or variants thereof and the availability, effectiveness and acceptance of vaccines, and other actual or potential public health emergencies and actions taken by governmental authorities or others in connection therewith; 

the effect of national, regional and global economic conditions generally and within major product markets, including significant economic disruptions from COVID-19, the actions taken in connection therewith and the implementation of related fiscal stimulus packages; 

the impact of tariffs, the adoption of trade restrictions affecting the Company s products or suppliers, a United States U.S. withdrawal from or significant renegotiation of trade agreements, the occurrence of trade wars, the closing of border crossings, and other changes in trade regulations or relationships; 

changing commodity prices and/or supply; 

product demand and pricing; 

changes in product mix, product substitution and market acceptance of the Company s products; 

volatility or fluctuations in the pricing, quality or availability of raw materials (particularly steel), supplies, transportation, utilities, labor and other items required by operations (especially in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia s invasion of Ukraine); 

effects of sourcing and supply chain constraints; 

the outcome of adverse claims experience with respect to workers compensation, product recalls or product liability, casualty events or other matters; 

effects of facility closures and the consolidation of operations; 

the effect of financial difficulties, consolidation and other changes within the steel, automotive, construction, and other industries in which the Company participates; 

failure to maintain appropriate levels of inventories; 

financial difficulties (including bankruptcy filings) of original equipment manufacturers, end-users and customers, suppliers, joint venture partners and others with whom the Company does business; 

the ability to realize targeted expense reductions from headcount reductions, facility closures and other cost reduction efforts; 

the ability to realize cost savings and operational, sales and sourcing improvements and efficiencies, and other expected benefits from transformation initiatives, on a timely basis; 

iii 
 
 Table of Contents 

the overall success of, and the ability to integrate, newly-acquired businesses and joint ventures, maintain and develop their customers, and achieve synergies and other expected benefits and cost savings therefrom; 

capacity levels and efficiencies, within facilities, within major product markets and within the industries in which the Company participates as a whole; 

the effect of disruption in the business of suppliers, customers, facilities and shipping operations due to adverse weather, casualty events, equipment breakdowns, labor shortages, interruption in utility services, civil unrest, international conflicts (especially in light of Russia s invasion of Ukraine), terrorist activities, or other causes; 

changes in customer demand, inventories, spending patterns, product choices, and supplier choices; 

risks associated with doing business internationally, including economic, political and social instability (especially in light of Russia s invasion of Ukraine), foreign currency exchange rate exposure and the acceptance of the Company s products in global markets; 

the ability to improve and maintain processes and business practices to keep pace with the economic, competitive and technological environment; 

the effect of inflation, interest rate increases and economic recession, as well as potential adverse impacts as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which may negatively impact the Company s operations and financial results; 

deviation of actual results from estimates and/or assumptions used by the Company in the application of its significant accounting policies; 

the level of imports and import prices in the Company s markets; 

the impact of environmental laws and regulations or the actions of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency or similar regulators which increase costs or limit the Company s ability to use or sell certain products; 

the impact of increasing environmental, greenhouse gas emission and sustainability regulations; 

the impact of judicial rulings and governmental regulations, both in the U.S. and abroad, including those adopted by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and other governmental agencies as contemplated by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security (CARES) Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; 

the effect of healthcare laws in the U.S. and potential changes for such laws, which may increase the Company s healthcare and other costs and negatively impact the Company s operations and financial results; 

the effect of tax laws in the U.S. and potential changes for such laws, which may increase the Company s costs and negatively impact its operations and financial results; 

cyber security risks; 

the effects of privacy and information security laws and standards; and 

other risks described from time to time in the filings of Worthington Industries with the SEC, including those described in PART I Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 

The Company notes these factors for investors as contemplated by the PSLRA. It is impossible to predict or identify all potential risk factors. Consequently, you should not consider the foregoing list to be a complete set of all potential risks and uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are based on current information as of the date of this Form 10-K, and the Company assumes no obligation to correct or update any such statements in the future, except as required by applicable law. 
 iv 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T I 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all Note references in this Form 10-K refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 General Overview 
 
 Worthington Industries, is a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Ohio (collectively with the subsidiaries of Worthington Industries, we, our, us, Worthington or the Company ). Founded in 1955, we are an industrial manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing, laser welded solutions, electrical steel laminations and manufactured consumer, building and sustainable mobility products. Our manufactured products include: pressure cylinders for liquefied petroleum gas LPG ), compressed natural gas CNG ), hydrogen, oxygen, refrigerant and other industrial gas storage; water well tanks for commercial and residential uses; hand torches and filled hand torch cylinders; propane-filled camping cylinders; helium-filled balloon kits; specialized hand tools and instruments; and drywall tools and related accessories; and, through our joint ventures, complete ceiling grid solutions; laser welded blanks; light gauge steel framing for commercial and residential construction; engineered cabs, operator stations and cab components. 
 We follow a people-first philosophy with earning money for our shareholders as our first corporate goal, which we seek to accomplish by optimizing existing operations, developing and commercializing new products and applications, and pursuing strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. 
 Our fiscal year ends each May 31, with fiscal 2021 ended May 31, 2021, fiscal 2022 ended May 31, 2022, and fiscal 2023 ended May 31, 2023. Our fiscal quarters end on the final day of each August, November, February and May. 
 
 We are headquartered at 200 West Old Wilson Bridge Road, Columbus, Ohio 43085, telephone (614) 438-3210. The common shares of Worthington Industries (the common shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol WOR. We maintain a website at www.worthingtonindustries.com . This uniform resource locator, or URL, is an inactive textual reference only and is not intended to incorporate our website into this Form 10-K. Worthington Industries Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as Worthington Industries definitive proxy materials for annual meetings of shareholders filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act, are available free of charge, on or through our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 
 
 Separation of the Steel Processing Business 
 
 On September 29, 2022, we announced our intention to complete the Separation, resulting in Worthington Steel becoming a stand-alone publicly traded company, through a generally tax-free pro rata distribution of 100 of the common shares of Worthington Steel to Worthington Industries shareholders. The remaining company New Worthington is expected to be comprised of our Consumer Products, Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions operating segments. While we currently intend to effect the distribution, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, we have no obligation to pursue or consummate any disposition of our ownership interest in Worthington Steel, including through the distribution, by any specified date or at all. The distribution is subject to various conditions, including final approval by the Board; the completion of the transfer of assets and liabilities to Worthington Steel in accordance with the separation agreement; due execution and delivery of the agreements relating to the Separation; no order, injunction or decree issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition in effect preventing the consummation of the Separation, the distribution or any of the related transactions; acceptance for listing on the NYSE of the common shares of Worthington Steel to be distributed, subject to official notice of distribution; completion of financing, and no other event or development having occurred or being in existence that, in the judgment of the Board, in its sole discretion, makes it inadvisable to effect the Separation, the distribution or the other related transactions. 

1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Recent Business Developments 
 On June 2, 2022, we acquired Level 5 Tools, LLC Level5 ), a leading provider of drywall tools and related accessories. The total purchase price was approximately 56.1 million, with a potential earnout based on performance through calendar year 2024. Refer to Note Q Acquisitions for additional information. 

On August 3, 2022, we sold our 50 noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex Manufacturing, LLC ArtiFlex to the unaffiliated joint venture member for net proceeds of approximately 41.8 million, after adjustments for closing debt and final net working capital. Approximately 6.0 million of the total cash proceeds were attributed to real property in Wooster, Ohio, with a net book value of 6.3 million. This real property was owned by us and leased to ArtiFlex prior to closing of the transaction. During fiscal 2023, we recognized a pre-tax loss of 16.1 million in equity income related to the sale. 

On September 29, 2022, we announced that the Board approved a plan to pursue the Separation of our Steel Processing business which we expect to complete by early 2024. This plan is referred to as Worthington 2024. Worthington 2024 will result in two independent, publicly-traded companies that are more specialized and fit-for purpose, with enhanced prospects for growth and value creation. We plan to effect the Separation via a distribution of the common shares of Worthington Steel, which is expected to be tax-free to shareholders of Worthington Industries for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Refer to Note A Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 

On October 31, 2022, our consolidated joint venture, Worthington Specialty Processing WSP ), sold its remaining manufacturing facility, located in Jackson, Michigan, for net proceeds of approximately 21.3 million, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 3.9 million within restructuring and other (income) expense, net. Refer to Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information. 

On January 5, 2023, we announced the implementation of a Board transition plan, pursuant to which John H. McConnell II was appointed as a member of the Board, effective on January 4, 2023. As previously disclosed on January 4, 2023, John P. McConnell, Executive Chairman of Worthington Industries, notified the Board that he intended to step down from the Board in June 2023. On June 28, 2023, John P. McConnell notified the Board that he intends to defer his retirement and will remain on the Board to continue providing leadership to Worthington and the Board in preparation for the planned Separation. The effective date of John P. McConnell s retirement has not been fixed. 

On February 2, 2023, we announced the senior leadership teams for New Worthington and Worthington Steel, which will be effective upon the completion of the planned Separation. 

On June 28, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of 0.32 per common share payable on September 29, 2023, to Worthington Industries shareholders of record on September 15, 2023. 

On June 29, 2023, we terminated our revolving trade accounts receivable securitization facility allowing us to borrow up to 175.0 million (the AR Facility ). See Note I Debt and Receivables Securitization and Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. 

On July 28, 2023, we redeemed in full our 243.6 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due April 15, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). See Note I Debt and Receivables Securitization and Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. 

Segments 
 
 We, together with our consolidated and unconsolidated affiliates, operate 72 manufacturing facilities in 21 states and 10 countries. Twenty-eight of these facilities are operated by our wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiaries. The remaining 44 facilities are operated by our consolidated joint ventures (14) and unconsolidated joint ventures (30). 
 
 Our operations are managed and reported principally on a products and services basis and are comprised of four operating segments: Steel Processing, Consumer Products, Building Products, and Sustainable Energy Solutions. 
 
 We hold equity positions in seven operating joint ventures, which are further discussed in the Our Joint Ventures section below. Of these, Spartan Steel Coating, L.L.C. Spartan ), TWB Company L.L.C. TWB and Worthington Samuel Coil Processing LLC Samuel are consolidated with their operating results reported within Steel Processing. We also own a 51 controlling interest in WSP, which became a non-operating joint venture on October 31, 2022, when the remaining net assets of WSP were sold. See Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information. 

2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 During fiscal 2023, Steel Processing, Consumer Products, Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions served approximately 1,300, 2,000, 1,700, and 300 customers, respectively, located primarily in North America and Europe. International operations accounted for approximately 13 of our consolidated net sales during fiscal 2023 and were comprised primarily of sales to customers in Europe. Sales to one customer in the automotive industry accounted for 11.9 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023. 
 
 Refer to the following segment descriptions and Note P Segment Data for a full description of our reportable segments. 
 
 Steel Processing 
 
 Steel Processing is a value-added processor of carbon flat-rolled steel, a producer of laser welded solutions, and a provider of electrical steel laminations. This segment includes our three consolidated joint ventures, Samuel, Spartan, and TWB and one unconsolidated joint venture, Serviacero Worthington (see the Our Joint Ventures section below). We also own a 51 controlling interest in WSP, which became a non-operating joint venture on October 31, 2022. For fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, the percentage of our consolidated net sales generated by Steel Processing was approximately 71.1 , 75.0 and 64.9 , respectively. 
 
 Steel Processing is one of the largest independent intermediate processors of carbon flat-rolled steel in the U.S. It occupies a niche in the steel industry by focusing on products requiring exact specifications. These products cannot typically be supplied as efficiently by steel mills to the end-users of these products. 
 
 Steel Processing, including Samuel, Spartan and TWB, operates 28 manufacturing facilities located in Ohio (9), Michigan (4), Tennessee (2), Kentucky (2), Indiana (1), Illinois (1), New York (1), Canada (2), China (1), India (1) and Mexico (4). 
 
 Steel Processing serviced approximately 1,300 customers during fiscal 2023 in many end markets including automotive, heavy truck, agriculture, construction, and energy. The automotive industry is one of the largest consumers of flat-rolled steel, and thus the largest end market for Steel Processing. During fiscal 2023, Steel Processing s top three customers represented approximately 31.0 of the operating segment s total net sales. With the acquisition of Tempel Steel Company Tempel in fiscal 2022, our geographic operations expanded to include the Asia Pacific region. 
 
 Steel Processing buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills and processes them to the precise type, thickness, length, width, shape and surface quality required by customer specifications. Our product lines and processing capabilities include: 
 Carbon Flat-Roll Steel Processing: We perform a variety of value-added processes based on customer requirements including pickling, specialty re-rolling, hot dip galvanizing, blanking, slitting and cutting-to-length. 

Electrical Steel Laminations : We manufacture precision magnetic steel laminations for the automotive (including applications for electrified vehicles), industrial motor, generator, and transformer industries. We deliver precision manufacturing (including stamping, heat treating, core assembly, die casting, bonding, etc.), material sourcing, metallurgical analysis, engineering, prototyping and product design, tooling, and value-added capabilities to customers via a global manufacturing footprint. 

Tailor Welded Products : These products are used by North American automotive customers to reduce weight, lower cost, improve material utilization, and consolidate parts. Our highly engineered products allow for flexible part design and ensure the right material is used in the right place. 

o Tailor Welded Blanks are made from individual sheets of steel of different thickness, strength and coating which are joined together by laser welding. 

o Aluminum Tailor Welded Blanks are processed using friction stir welding technology. Friction stir offers the widest range of formable welded properties for all automotive aluminum alloys. 

3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Steel Processing also toll processes steel for steel mills, large end-users, service centers and other processors. Toll processing is different from typical steel processing in that the mill, end-user or other party retains title to the steel and has the responsibility for selling the end product. Toll processing allows us to earn a fee for services without incurring inventory costs. Our manufacturing facilities further benefit from the flexibility to scale between direct versus tolling services based on demand throughout the year. 
 
 The steel processing industry is fragmented and highly competitive. There are many competitors, including other independent intermediate processors. Competition is primarily on the basis of price, product quality and the ability to meet delivery requirements. Technical service and support for material testing and customer-specific applications enhance the quality of products (see the Technical Services section below). However, the extent to which technical service and support capability has improved Steel Processing s competitive position has not been quantified. Steel Processing s ability to meet tight delivery schedules is, in part, based on the proximity of our facilities to customers, suppliers and one another. The extent to which plant location has impacted Steel Processing s competitive position has not been quantified. Processed steel products are priced competitively, primarily based on market factors, including, among other things, market pricing, the cost and availability of raw materials, transportation and shipping costs, and overall economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 Consumer Products consists of products in the tools, outdoor living and celebrations end markets sold under brands that include the following: Coleman (licensed), Bernzomatic , Balloon Time , Mag-Torch , General , Garden-Weasel , Pactool International , Hawkeye , Worthington Pro Grade and Level5 . These include propane-filled cylinders for torches, camping stoves and other applications, LPG cylinders, handheld torches, helium-filled balloon kits, specialized hand tools and instruments, and drywall tools and accessories sold primarily to mass merchandisers, retailers and distributors. LPG cylinders, which hold fuel for barbeque grills and recreational vehicle equipment, are also sold through cylinder exchangers. 
 
 We use the registered trademarks described above to market certain products such as helium-filled balloon kits, fuel cylinders, handheld torches, LPG cylinders, camping fuel cylinders, and other tools. Each registered trademark has an original duration of 10 to 20 years, depending on the date it was registered and the country in which it is registered, and is subject to an indefinite number of renewals for a like period upon continued use and appropriate application. We intend to continue using the trade names and trademarks described above and to timely renew each of our registered trademarks that remains in use. 
 
 Consumer Products generated approximately 14.0 , 12.1 and 16.5 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. Consumer Products serviced approximately 2,000 customers during fiscal 2023. Sales to the top customer represented approximately 21.0 of net sales for Consumer Products during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Consumer Products operates five manufacturing facilities located in Kansas (2), New Jersey, Ohio, and Wisconsin. 
 
 Building Products 
 
 Building Products sells refrigerant and LPG cylinders, well water and expansion tanks, and other specialty products, which are generally sold to gas producers, and distributors. Refrigerant gas cylinders are used to hold refrigerant gases for commercial, residential, and automotive air conditioning and refrigeration systems. LPG cylinders hold fuel for residential and light commercial heating systems, industrial forklifts and commercial/residential cooking (the latter, generally outside North America). Well water tanks and expansion tanks are used primarily in the residential market with certain products also sold to commercial markets. Specialty products include a variety of fire suppression tanks, chemical tanks, and foam and adhesive tanks. This segment also includes two unconsolidated joint ventures, WAVE and ClarkDietrich (see the Our Joint Ventures section below). 
 
 Building Products generated approximately 11.9 , 10.3 and 12.7 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. Building Products serviced approximately 1,700 customers during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Building Products operates six manufacturing facilities located in Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio (2), Rhode Island, and Portugal. 
 
 For sales in the U.S. and Canada, our manufactured building products are designed to comply with U.S. Department of Transportation and Transport Canada specifications. Outside the U.S. and Canada, cylinders are manufactured according to European norm specifications, as well as various other international standards. Other products are produced to applicable industry standards including, as applicable, those standards issued by the American Petroleum Institute, the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and UL Solutions. 

4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Building Products has one principal domestic competitor in the low-pressure LPG cylinder market, and there are a number of foreign competitors in the LPG cylinder, non-refillable refrigerant, and well water and expansion tank markets. We believe that this business has the largest market share in the domestic low-pressure cylinder market. In the other cylinder markets, there are several competitors. Building Products is a leading supplier to the European market for low-pressure non-refillable cylinders. Building Products generally has a strong competitive position for its industrial, energy, retail and specialty products, but competition varies on a product-by-product basis. As with our other operating segments, competition is based upon price, service and quality. 
 
 Sustainable Energy Solutions 
 
 Sustainable Energy Solutions, which is primarily based in Europe, sells onboard fueling systems and related services, as well as gas containment solutions and services for the storage, transport and distribution of industrial gases. Sustainable Energy Solutions operates three manufacturing facilities located in Austria, Germany, and Poland. This operating segment s products and services include high pressure and acetylene cylinders for life support systems and alternative fuel cylinders used to hold CNG and hydrogen for automobiles, buses, and light-duty trucks. Sustainable Energy Solutions has a number of foreign and domestic competitors in these markets. 
 
 Sustainable Energy Solutions generated approximately 3.0 , 2.5 and 4.3 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. Sustainable Energy Solutions serviced approximately 300 customers during fiscal 2023. 
 
 Other 
 
 Divested businesses historically reported within our legacy Pressure Cylinders segment, but no longer included in our management structure are presented within the Other category and include the following through the date of disposition: Structural Composites Industries, LLC SCI (until March 2021); Oil Gas Equipment (until January 2021); and Cryogenic Storage and Cryo-Science (until October 2020). The Other category also includes certain income and expense items not allocated to our operating segments. 
 
 Segment Financial Data 
 
 Financial information for the reportable segments is provided in Note P Segment Data. 
 
 Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 
 
 We have developed strong relationships with our mill suppliers, who provide the quality materials we need, meet our quality and service requirements, and are able to offer competitive terms with regard to quality, pricing, delivery, and volumes purchased. 
 
 The primary raw material we purchase is steel. We purchase steel in large quantities at regular intervals from major steel mills, both U.S. domestic and foreign. The amount purchased from any supplier varies from year to year depending on a number of factors including market conditions, then current relationships and prices and terms offered. In nearly all market conditions, steel is available from a few suppliers and generally any supplier relationship or contract can and has been replaced with little or no significant interruption to our business. During fiscal 2023, we purchased approximately 2.67 million tons of steel (66.1 hot-rolled, 20.2 cold-rolled and 13.7 galvanized) on a consolidated basis. 
 
 Steel is primarily purchased and processed by Steel Processing based on specific customer orders, while Consumer Products, Building Products, and Sustainable Energy Solutions purchase steel to meet production schedules. Raw materials are generally purchased in the open market on a negotiated basis. Supply contracts are also entered into, some of which have fixed pricing and some of which are indexed (monthly or quarterly). 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we purchased steel from the following major suppliers, in alphabetical order: AM-NS Calvert LLC; Cleveland-Cliffs Steel Inc.; NLMK Indiana; North Star BlueScope Steel, LLC; and Nucor Corporation. 
 
 For certain raw materials, for example, zinc, there are limited suppliers and our purchases are generally at market prices. However, historically, we have been able to replace our supplier relationships or contracts with little or no significant interruption to our business. Major suppliers of zinc to Steel Processing in fiscal 2023 were, in alphabetical order: Concord Resources Limited; Glencore Ltd; Nexa Resources US Inc.; and Teck Resources Limited. Major suppliers of aluminum in fiscal 2023 were, in alphabetical order: Arconic Inc.; Meyer Aluminum Blanks, Inc.; Norsk Hydro ASA; Novelis Corporation; and Penn Aluminum International LLC. Approximately 41.30 million pounds of zinc and 4.22 million pounds of aluminum were purchased in fiscal 2023. We believe our supplier relationships are generally favorable. 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Technical Services 
 
 We recognize the importance of the metallurgical and technical aspects of our value-added steel products. We believe we are a leader in the flat rolled steel market for providing metallurgical and steel processing solutions to meet our customers customized material needs. We employ a staff of 20+ metallurgical engineers throughout the business and leverage their expertise to offer practical solutions on topics ranging from steelmaking and steel processing through downstream manufacturing. Our metallurgical engineers work in conjunction with internal quality teams to engage customers around problem solving, new product development and education. Laboratory facilities are equipped with a wide range of physical and chemical testing capabilities to support production, development needs, and high-level failure analyses. Tests are performed in accordance with specified industry standards. Data which is secured either through testing or online measurement systems are routed through analytics tools and analyzed by the team for process improvement, product performance and consistent quality. 
 
 Technical Service personnel also work in conjunction with the sales force to specify components and materials required to fulfill customer needs. Laboratory facilities also perform metallurgical and chemical testing as dictated by International Organization for Standardization ISO ), ASTM International, and other customer and industry specific requirements. 
 
 Seasonality and Backlog 
 
 Sales for most of our products are generally strongest in our fourth fiscal quarter when our facilities generally operate at seasonal peaks. Historically, sales have generally been weaker in our third fiscal quarter, primarily due to reduced seasonal activity in the building products and construction industry, as well as customer plant shutdowns due to holidays, particularly in the automotive industry. We do not believe backlog is a significant indicator of our business. 
 
 Our Joint Ventures 
 
 As part of our strategy to selectively develop new products, markets, and technological capabilities and to expand our international presence, while mitigating the risks and costs associated with those activities, as of May 31, 2023, we participated in seven operating joint ventures and one non-operating joint venture. 
 
 Consolidated 
 Samuel is a 63 -owned joint venture with Samuel Manu-Tach Pickling Inc., that operates two pickling facilities in Ohio. 

Spartan is a 52 -owned joint venture that operates a cold-rolled, hot-dipped coating line for toll processing steel coils into galvanized, galvannealed and aluminized products intended primarily for the automotive industry. In addition to providing incremental coating capacity, this joint venture has served to expand our coating capabilities to included aluminized steel to serve new markets. 

TWB is a 55 -owned joint venture that supplies laser welded blanks, tailor welded aluminum blanks, laser welded coils and other laser welded products across North America for use primarily in the automotive industry for products such as inner-door panels, frame rails and pillars. 

WSP, a 51 -owned joint venture with a subsidiary of U.S. Steel, became a non-operating joint venture on October 31, 2022, when WSP sold the remaining net assets of the joint venture. 

Unconsolidated 
 
 Since we do not control the following four joint ventures, they are unconsolidated, and their results have been accounted for using the equity method. Accordingly, our investment is reflected on a single line on our consolidated balance sheets and our portion of their earnings is included as equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates in our consolidated statements of earnings. Equity income is included in the measurement of segment profit as set forth in the table below. Refer to Note P - Segment Data for additional information. At May 31, 2023, we held noncontrolling investments in the affiliated companies labeled in the table below. 

Steel Processing 
 Consumer Products 
 
 Building Products 
 
 Sustainable Energy Solutions 
 
 Other 

Serviacero Worthington 
 N/A 
 
 WAVE 
 
 N/A 
 
 Workhorse 

ClarkDietrich 

6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Clarkwestern Dietrich Building Systems LLC ClarkDietrich ), a 25 -owned joint venture with CWBS-MISA, Inc., is an industry leader in the manufacture and supply of light gauge steel framing products in the U.S. ClarkDietrich manufactures a full line of drywall studs and accessories, structural studs and joists, metal lath and accessories, shaft wall studs and track, vinyl and finishing products used primarily in residential and commercial construction. ClarkDietrich operates 14 manufacturing facilities, one each in Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Missouri and Canada and two each in California, Florida, Ohio, and Texas. 

Serviacero Planos, S. de R.L. de C.V. Serviacero Worthington ), a 50 -owned joint venture with Inverzer, S.A. de C.V., operates three steel processing facilities in Mexico, one each in Leon, Monterrey and Queretaro. Serviacero Worthington provides steel processing services, such as pickling, blanking, slitting, multi-blanking and cutting-to-length, to customers in a variety of industries including automotive, appliance and heavy equipment. 

Taxi Workhorse Holdings, LLC Workhorse ), a 20 -owned joint venture with an affiliate of Angeles Equity Partners, LLC, is a non-captive designer and manufacturer of high-quality, custom-engineered open and enclosed cabs and operator stations and custom fabrications and packaging for heavy mobile equipment used primarily in the agricultural, construction, forestry, military and mining industries. Workhorse operates six manufacturing facilities, one each in Brazil, South Dakota and Tennessee and three in Minnesota. 

Worthington Armstrong Venture WAVE ), a 50 -owned joint venture with a subsidiary of Armstrong World Industries, Inc., is the largest of the four North American manufacturers of ceiling suspension systems for concealed and lay-in panel ceilings used in commercial and residential ceiling markets. It competes with the other North American manufacturers and numerous regional manufacturers. WAVE operates seven manufacturing facilities, one each in Georgia, Michigan, and Nevada and two each in California and Maryland. 

See Note D Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates for additional information about our unconsolidated joint ventures. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 
 Our manufacturing facilities, like those of similar industries making similar products, are subject to many federal, state, local and foreign laws, and regulations, including those relating to the protection of our employees and the environment. In addition to the requirements of the state and local governments of the communities in which we operate, we must comply with federal health and safety regulations, the most significant of which are enforced by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration. We examine ways to improve safety, reduce emissions and waste, and decrease costs related to compliance with environmental and other government regulations. The cost of such activities, compliance or capital expenditures for environmental control facilities necessary to meet regulatory requirements are not estimable, but have not and are not anticipated to be material when compared with our overall costs and capital expenditures and, accordingly, are not anticipated to have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows or the competitive position. 
 
 Our commitment to environmental and social governance and sustainability includes putting people first by providing a supportive and inclusive environment built on a culture of engagement, and by working together to ensure the health and safety of our employees. At the corporate level, we maintain a fully dedicated department responsible for best-in-class environmental, health and safety initiatives and best practices across the Company. Twenty-three of our facilities hold ISO 14001 certifications, a highly recognized global standard for an effective Environmental Management System and our remaining facilities are managed to similar standards. 
 
 Worthington complies with and works to exceed all applicable worker safety regulations in the U.S. as governed by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). Our U.S. facilities also hold certifications with various industry groups that require regular inspections including ISO. Our global sites meet or exceed all local regulations for worker safety and hold various accreditations, certifications, and registrations that require regular inspections. 
 
 Patents, Trademarks and Licenses 
 
 We own several patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and licenses to intellectual property owned by others. Although our patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights are important to our success, we do not consider any single patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or license to be of material importance to our business. 

7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, we had approximately 8,200 employees and our unconsolidated joint ventures employed approximately 2,300 additional employees. Of the aggregate of those groups, approximately 12 of those individuals are represented by collective bargaining units. We believe that our open-door policy has created an environment which fosters open communication and serves to cultivate the good relationships we have with our employees, including those covered by collective bargaining units. 
 
 In line with our people-first philosophy, our employees have always been, and will always be, our most important asset. We operate under a set of core values that are rooted in our long-standing philosophy, which emphasizes the Golden Rule. These core values guide us as a company, including in our approach to human capital management. As such, we are continually focused on creating and maintaining a strong culture. Our culture provides employees with opportunities for personal and professional development, as well as community engagement, all of which we believe contribute to our overall success. We have repeatedly been recognized as a top place to work and we offer our employees competitive pay and above-market benefits, as compared to others in our industry, all while focusing on safety, wellness, and promoting a diverse and inclusive culture. 
 
 Our ability to successfully operate, grow our business and implement our business strategies is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train and retain talented personnel at all levels of our organization. As a result, we offer our employees competitive compensation and benefits, as compared to others in our industry, which include opportunities to participate in profit sharing plans. We also strive to provide our employees with continuous opportunities to learn the skills necessary to maximize their performance, and develop new skills that allow them to maximize their potential. 
 
 Safety, Health and Wellness 
 
 We have always made the safety and well-being of our people a top priority, and we have regularly maintained an industry-leading safety record. For us, safety is about engagement, and our employees have adopted a culture where safety is everyone s responsibility, and not just the safety of our employees, but the safety of everyone who enters our facilities. We also provide our employees and their families with access to above-market benefits, as compared to others in our industry, including a parental leave benefit that offers all new parents the opportunity for paid time off. We have a broad array of other employee centered-benefits and programs, including a medical center, a pharmacy, chiropractic care, on-site fitness centers, free health screenings, health fairs, and other Company-wide and location-specific wellness events and challenges. We believe our investments in safety, health and wellness are key to supporting and protecting our most important asset, our people. 
 
 Diversity, Inclusion and Equity 
 
 We believe that diversity, of all types, contributes to our success. We are committed to increasing the diversity of our employee base at all levels of our organization because we believe our differences make us better and that diverse thoughts and experiences drive innovation and produce better results. With our philosophy as our foundation, we are building an environment where diversity is valued, and where all employees feel they belong and are empowered to do their best work. 
 
 To further such efforts, we have hired a Director of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion and established a Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Council (the Council chaired by our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer. The Council has developed a strategy where our diversity, inclusion and equity efforts are focused on strengthening four primary pillars: workforce, workplace, community and partnership. These pillars serve as a foundation for continually building and fostering an inclusive culture. We have also established certain employee resource groups ERGs that each have executive sponsors, and are working to establish additional ERGs. These ERGs are not only being tasked with raising awareness, but also with offering mentoring and development opportunities to their members. 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our future results and the market price for the common shares are subject to numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. The following discussion, as well as other sections of this Form 10-K, including PART II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, describe certain risks to our business, our results, our strategies and the common shares. Consideration should be given to the risk factors described below as well as those in the Safe Harbor Statement at the beginning of this Form 10-K, in conjunction with reviewing the forward-looking statements and other information contained in this Form 10-K. The risks described below are those that we have identified as material but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, rules, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, war or conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 General Economic or Industry Downturns and Weakness 
 
 The automotive and construction industries account for a significant portion of our net sales, and reduced demand from these industries could adversely affect our business. An overall downturn in the general economy, a disruption in capital and credit markets, high inflation, high unemployment, reduced consumer confidence or other factors, could cause reductions in demand from our end markets in general and, in particular, the automotive and construction end markets. If demand for the products we sell to the automotive, construction or other end markets which we supply were to be reduced, our sales, financial results and cash flows could be negatively affected. 
 
 We face intense competition which may cause decreased demand, decreased market share and/or reduced prices for our products and services. Our businesses operate in industries that are highly competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation of customers. Because of the range of the products and services we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a wide variety of competitors. Our failure to compete effectively and/or pricing pressures resulting from competition may adversely impact our businesses and financial results. 
 
 Financial difficulties and bankruptcy filings by our customers could have an adverse impact on our businesses. In past years, some customers have experienced, and some continue to experience, whether due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine, inflationary pressures, or otherwise, challenging financial conditions. The financial difficulties of certain customers and/or their failure to obtain credit or otherwise improve their overall financial condition could result in changes within the markets we serve, including plant closings, decreased production, reduced demand, changes in product mix, unfavorable changes in the prices, terms or conditions we are able to obtain and other changes that may result in decreased purchases from us and otherwise negatively impact our businesses. These conditions also increase the risk that our customers may delay or default on their payment obligations to us. If the general economy or any of our markets decline, the risk of bankruptcy filings by and financial difficulties of our customers may increase. While we have taken and will continue to take steps intended to mitigate the impact of financial difficulties and potential bankruptcy filings by our customers, these matters could have a negative impact on our businesses. 
 
 Raw Material Pricing and Availability 
 
 Our operating results may be adversely affected by continued volatility in steel prices. Over the past three years, steel prices have increased significantly due to supplier consolidation, tight mill orders due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and tariffs on foreign steel. More recently, the volatility in the steel market resulted in steel prices rapidly decreasing before increasing again. If steel prices or other raw material prices were to decrease, competitive conditions or contractual obligations may impact how quickly we must reduce our prices to our customers, and we could be forced to use higher-priced raw materials then on hand to complete orders for which the selling prices have decreased, which results in inventory holding losses. Decreasing steel prices could also require us to write-down the value of our inventory to reflect current net realizable value. 

9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our operating results may be affected by fluctuations in raw material prices and our ability to pass on increases in raw material costs to our customers. Our principal raw material is flat-rolled steel, which we purchase from multiple primary steel producers. The steel industry as a whole has been cyclical, and at times availability and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control. These factors include general economic conditions, domestic and worldwide supply and demand, high inflation, the influence of hedge funds and other investment funds participating in commodity markets, curtailed production from major suppliers due to factors such as the closing or idling of facilities, COVID-19 or other pandemics, international conflicts, accidents or equipment breakdowns, repairs or catastrophic events, labor costs, shortages, strikes or other problems, competition, new laws and regulations, import duties, tariffs, energy costs, availability and cost of steel inputs (e.g., ore, scrap, coke and energy), foreign currency exchange rates and other factors described in the immediately following paragraph. This volatility, as well as any increases in raw material costs, could significantly affect our steel costs and adversely impact our financial results. To manage our exposure to market risk, where possible, we match our customer pricing terms to the pricing terms offered to us by our suppliers in order to minimize the impact of market fluctuations on our margins. However, should our suppliers increase the prices of our critical raw materials, we may not have alternative sources of supply. In addition, in an environment of increasing prices for steel and other raw materials, competitive conditions or contractual obligations may impact how much of the price increases we can pass on to our customers. To the extent we are unable to pass on future price increases in our raw materials to our customers, our financial results could be adversely affected. 
 
 The costs of manufacturing our products and our ability to meet our customers demands could be negatively impacted if we experience interruptions in deliveries of needed raw materials or supplies. If, for any reason, our supply of flat-rolled steel or other key raw materials, such as aluminum, zinc, copper or helium, or other supplies is curtailed or we are otherwise unable to obtain the quantities we need at competitive prices, our business could suffer and our financial results could be adversely affected. Such interruptions could result from a number of factors, including a shortage of capacity in the supplier base of raw materials, energy or the inputs needed to make steel or other supplies, a failure of suppliers to fulfill their supply or delivery obligations, financial difficulties of suppliers resulting in the closing or idling of supplier facilities, other significant events affecting supplier facilities, significant weather events, those factors listed in the immediately preceding paragraph or other factors beyond our control like pandemics such as COVID-19. Further, the number of suppliers has decreased in recent years due to industry consolidation and the financial difficulties of certain suppliers, and this consolidation may continue. 
 
 An increase in the spread between the price of steel and steel scrap prices can have a negative impact on our margins. No matter how efficient, our operations which use steel as a raw material, create some amount of scrap. The expected price of scrap compared to the price of the steel raw material is generally factored into pricing. Generally, as the price of steel increases, the price of scrap increases by a similar amount. When increases in scrap prices do not keep pace with the increases in the price of the steel raw material, it can have a negative impact on our margins. 
 
 Inventories 
 
 Our businesses could be harmed if we fail to maintain proper inventory levels. We are required to maintain sufficient inventories to accommodate the needs of our customers including, in many cases, short lead times and just-in-time delivery requirements. Although we typically have customer orders in hand prior to placement of our raw material orders for Steel Processing, we anticipate and forecast customer demand for each of our operating segments. We purchase raw materials on a regular basis in an effort to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe are sufficient to satisfy the anticipated needs of our customers based upon orders, customer volume expectations, historic buying practices and market conditions. Inventory levels in excess of customer demand may result in the use of higher-priced inventory to fill orders reflecting lower selling prices, if raw material prices have significantly decreased. For example, if steel prices decrease, we could be forced to use higher-priced steel then on hand to complete orders for which the selling price has decreased. These events could adversely affect our financial results. Conversely, if we underestimate demand for our products or if our suppliers fail to supply quality products in a timely manner, we may experience inventory shortages. Inventory shortages could result in unfilled orders, negatively impacting our customer relationships and resulting in lost revenues, which could harm our businesses and adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 Customers and Suppliers 
 
 The loss of significant volume from our key customers could adversely affect us. A significant loss of, or decrease in, business from any of our key customers could have an adverse effect on our sales and financial results if we cannot obtain replacement business. Also, due to consolidation in the industries we serve, including the automotive, construction and retail industries, our sales may be increasingly sensitive to deterioration in the financial condition of, or other adverse developments with respect to, one or more of our top customers. In addition, certain of our top customers may be able to exert pricing and other influences on us, requiring us to market, deliver and promote our products in a manner that may be more costly to us. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers. As a result, although our customers periodically provide notice of their future product needs and purchases, they generally purchase our products on an order-by-order basis, and the relationship, as well as particular orders, can be terminated at any time. 
 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 

Many of our key end markets, such as automotive and construction, are cyclical in nature. Many of our key end markets, such as automotive and construction, are cyclical and can be impacted by both market demand and raw material supply, particularly with respect to steel. The demand for our products is directly related to, and quickly impacted by, customer demand in our end markets, which can change as the result of changes in the general U.S. or worldwide economies and other factors beyond our control. Adverse changes in demand or pricing can have a negative effect on our businesses. 
 
 Significant reductions in sales to any of the Detroit Three automakers, or to our automotive-related customers in general, could have a negative impact on our business. Approximately 52 of the fiscal 2023 net sales of our Steel Processing operating segment and a significant amount of the net sales of certain joint ventures are to automotive-related customers. Although we do sell to the domestic operations of foreign automakers and their suppliers, a significant portion of our automotive sales are to Ford, General Motors, and Stellantis North America (the Detroit Three automakers and their suppliers. A reduction in sales for any of the Detroit Three automakers, as well as additional or prolonged idling of production facilities in response to supply chain constraints, has negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business. In addition, certain automakers have begun using greater amounts of aluminum and smaller proportions of steel in some new models, thereby reducing the demand for certain of our products. 
 
 The closing or relocation of customer facilities could adversely affect us. Our ability to meet delivery requirements and the overall cost of our products as delivered to customer facilities are important competitive factors. If customers close or move their production facilities further away from our manufacturing facilities which can supply them, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet competitive conditions, which could result in the loss of sales. Likewise, if customers move their production facilities outside the U.S., it could result in the loss of potential sales for us. 
 
 Sales conflicts with our customers and/or suppliers may adversely impact us. In some instances, we may compete with one or more of our customers and/or suppliers in pursuing the same business. Such conflicts may strain our relationships with the parties involved, which could adversely affect our future business with them. 
 
 The closing or idling of steel manufacturing facilities could have a negative impact on us. As steel makers have reduced their production capacities by closing or idling production lines, whether due to COVID-19, the war in Ukraine or otherwise, the number of facilities from which we can purchase steel, in particular certain specialty steels, has decreased. Accordingly, if delivery from a supplier is disrupted, particularly with respect to certain types of specialty steel, it may be more difficult to obtain an alternate supply than in the past. These closures and disruptions could also have an adverse effect on our suppliers on-time delivery performance, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our own delivery commitments and may have other adverse effects on our businesses. 
 
 The loss of key supplier relationships could adversely affect us. Over the years, we have developed relationships with certain steel and other suppliers which have been beneficial to us by providing more assured delivery and a more favorable all-in cost, which includes price and shipping costs. If any of those relationships were disrupted, it could have an adverse effect on delivery times and the overall cost, quality and availability of our products or raw materials, which could have a negative impact on our businesses. In addition, we do not have long-term contracts with any of our suppliers. If, in the future, we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of steel and other materials at competitive prices and on a timely basis from our traditional suppliers, we may be unable to obtain these materials from alternative sources at competitive prices to meet our delivery schedules, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Our businesses are highly competitive, and increased competition could negatively impact our financial results. Generally, the markets in which we conduct business are highly competitive. Our competitors include a variety of domestic and foreign companies in all major markets. Competition for most of our products is primarily on the basis of price, product quality and our ability to meet delivery requirements. Depending on a variety of factors, including raw material, energy, labor and capital costs, freight availability, government control of foreign currency exchange rates and government subsidies of foreign steel producers or competitors, our businesses may be materially adversely affected by competitive forces. Competition may also increase if suppliers to or customers of our industries begin to more directly compete with our businesses through new facilities, acquisitions or otherwise. As noted above, we can have conflicts with our customers or suppliers who, in some cases, supply the same products and services as we do. Increased competition could cause us to lose market share, increase expenditures, lower our margins or offer additional services at a higher cost to us, which could adversely impact our financial results. 

11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Material or Component Substitution 
 
 If steel prices increase compared to certain substitute materials, the demand for our products could be negatively impacted, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. In certain applications, steel competes with other materials, such as aluminum (particularly in the automobile industry), cement and wood (particularly in the construction industry), composites, glass and plastic. Prices of all of these materials fluctuate widely, and differences between the prices of these materials and the price of steel may adversely affect demand for our products and/or encourage material substitution, which could adversely affect the prices of and demand for steel products. The higher cost of steel relative to certain other materials may make material substitution more attractive for certain uses. 
 
 If increased government mileage and/or emissions standards for automobiles result in the substitution of other materials for steel, or electric motors for internal combustion engines, demand for our products could be negatively impacted, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Due to government requirements that manufacturers increase the fuel efficiency of automobiles, the automobile industry is exploring alternative materials to steel in order to decrease weight and increase mileage. In addition, in an effort to reduce emissions, the automobile industry is also shifting toward products that rely on electric motors instead of internal combustion engines. Although our product offerings include certain light weighting solutions and electric motor components, the substitution of lighter weight material for steel and/or electric motors for internal combustion engines in automobiles could adversely affect prices of and demand for our steel products. 
 
 Freight and Energy 
 
 Increasing freight and energy costs could increase our operating costs or the costs of our suppliers, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. The availability and cost of freight and energy, such as electricity, natural gas and diesel fuel, are important in the manufacture and transport of our products. Our operations consume substantial amounts of energy, and our operating costs generally increase when energy costs rise. Factors that may affect our energy costs include significant increases in fuel, oil or natural gas prices, unavailability of electrical power or other energy sources due to droughts, hurricanes or other natural causes or due to shortages resulting from insufficient supplies to serve customers, or interruptions in energy supplies due to equipment failure, international conflict or other causes. During periods of increasing energy and freight costs, we may be unable to fully recover our operating cost increases through price increases without reducing demand for our products. Our financial results could be adversely affected if we are unable to pass all of the cost increases on to our customers or if we are unable to obtain the necessary freight and/or energy. Also, increasing energy costs could put a strain on the transportation of our materials and products if the increased costs force certain transporters to discontinue their operations. 
 
 We depend on third parties for freight services, and increases in the costs or the lack of availability of freight services can adversely affect our operations . We rely primarily on third parties for transportation of our products as well as delivery of our raw materials, primarily by truck and container ship. If, due to a lack of freight services, raw materials or products are not delivered to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture and deliver our products to meet customer demand. Likewise, if due to a lack of freight services, we cannot deliver our products in a timely manner, it could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, any increase in the cost of the transportation of raw materials or our products, as a result of increases in fuel or labor costs, higher demand for logistics services, international conflict or otherwise, may adversely affect our results of operations as we may not be able to pass such cost increases on to our customers. 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The COVID-19 Pandemic and Other Public Health Emergencies 
 
 The novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, as well as similar epidemics and other public health emergencies in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our business financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics and other public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Our operations were adversely impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic in the form of lower demand from our automotive and heavy truck customers in fiscal 2020 due to the significant impacts of the various stay at home orders then in place and volatility in steel market prices in fiscal 2021 driven by idled mill capacity and supply chain disruptions. Further impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic or other future public health emergencies may include, without limitation, potential significant volatility or continued decreases in the demand for our products, changes in customer and consumer behavior and preferences, disruptions in or additional closures of our manufacturing operations or those of our customers and suppliers, disruptions within our supply chain, limitations on our employees ability to work and travel, potential financial difficulties of customers and suppliers, significant changes in economic or political conditions, and related volatility in the financial and commodity markets, including volatility in raw material and other input costs. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic, or other public health emergencies, impact our business will depend on future developments, which cannot be predicted and are highly uncertain. Despite our efforts to manage the impacts, the degree to which the COVID-19 pandemic or future public health emergencies and related actions ultimately impact our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows will depend on factors beyond our control including the duration, extent and severity of any resurgence of COVID-19, the actions taken to contain COVID-19 or future public health emergencies and mitigate their public health effects, the impact on the U.S. and global economies and demand for our products, and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions resume. Future disruption to the global economy, as well as to the end markets our business serves, could result in material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Since early 2022, Russia and Ukraine have been engaged in active armed conflict . The length, impact and outcome of the ongoing conflict and its potential impact on our business is highly volatile and difficult to predict. It has and could continue to cause significant market and other disruptions (particularly for our operations in Europe), including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, trade disputes or trade barriers, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences, and increases in cyberattacks and espionage. 
 
 Further, the broader consequences of the current conflict between Russia and Ukraine may also have the effect of heightening many other risks disclosed in our public filings, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, adverse effects on global macroeconomic conditions; increased volatility in the price and demand of iron, steel, oil, natural gas, and other commodities, increased exposure to cyberattacks; disruptions in global supply chains; and exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and potential constraints or disruption in the capital markets and our sources of liquidity. 
 
 We do not conduct business, either directly or indirectly, in areas impacted by the conflict and, as such, we believe our exposure is principally limited to the impact of the war on macroeconomic conditions, including volatility in commodity and energy prices and supply. Our business was temporarily impacted in the spring of 2022, primarily in the form of higher market prices for steel due to a temporary supply disruption in a key input for our suppliers (pig iron), which has subsequently been resourced by our suppliers. 
 
 Information Systems 
 
 We are subject to information system security risks and systems integration issues that could disrupt our operations. We are dependent upon information technology and networks in connection with a variety of business activities including the distribution of information internally and to our customers and suppliers. This information technology is subject to potential damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, and natural disasters. We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded business management systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into operations. In addition, security breaches of our information systems could result in unauthorized disclosure or destruction of confidential or proprietary information, misappropriation of our assets, and/or loss of the functionality of our systems. These risks may be exacerbated by a partially remote workforce. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to information system and network disruptions and to prevent attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information systems. While we undertake mitigating activities to counter these risks, a system or human failure could negatively impact our operations and financial results and cyberattacks could threaten the integrity of our trade secrets and sensitive intellectual property. 

13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Business Disruptions 
 
 Disruptions to our business or the business of our customers or suppliers could adversely impact our operations and financial results . Business disruptions, including materials resulting from shortages of supply or transportation, severe weather events (such as hurricanes, tsunamis, earthquakes, tornados, floods and blizzards), casualty events (such as explosions, fires or material equipment breakdown), acts of terrorism, international conflicts (such as the war in Ukraine), labor disruptions, the idling of facilities due to reduced demand (resulting from a downturn in economic activity or otherwise), pandemic disease such as COVID-19, or other events (such as required maintenance shutdowns), could cause interruptions to our businesses as well as the operations of our customers and suppliers. While we maintain insurance coverage that can offset some losses relating to certain types of these events, losses from business disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial results and we could be adversely impacted to the extent any such losses are not covered by insurance or cause some other adverse impact to us. 
 
 Foreign Operations 
 
 Economic, political and other risks associated with foreign operations could adversely affect our international financial results. Although the substantial majority of our business activity takes place in the U.S., we derive a portion of our revenues and earnings from operations in foreign countries, and we are subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We have wholly-owned facilities in Austria, Canada, China, Germany, India, Mexico, Poland and Portugal and joint venture facilities in Brazil, Canada and Mexico and are active in exploring other foreign opportunities. The risks of doing business in foreign countries include, among other factors: the potential for adverse changes in the local political climate, in diplomatic relations between foreign countries and the U.S. or in government policies, laws or regulations; international conflicts; terrorist activity that may cause social disruption; logistical and communications challenges; costs of complying with a variety of laws and regulations; difficulty in staffing and managing geographically diverse operations; deterioration of foreign economic conditions; inflation and fluctuations in interest rates; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; foreign exchange restrictions; differing local business practices and cultural considerations; restrictions on imports and exports or sources of supply, including energy and raw materials; changes in duties, quotas, tariffs, taxes or other protectionist measures; and potential issues related to matters covered by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, regulations related to import/export controls, the Office of Foreign Assets Control sanctions program, anti-boycott provisions or similar laws. We believe that our business activities outside of the U.S. involve a higher degree of risk than our domestic activities, and any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, global and regional economic conditions and the volatility of worldwide capital and credit markets have significantly impacted and may continue to significantly impact our foreign customers and markets. These factors may result in decreased demand in our foreign operations and have had significant negative impacts on our business. Refer to the General Economic or Industry Downturns and Weakness risk factors herein for additional information concerning the impact of the global economic conditions and the volatility of capital and credit markets on our business. 
 
 Joint Ventures and Investments 
 
 A change in the relationship between the members of any of our joint ventures may have an adverse effect on that joint venture and our financial results . We have been successful in the development and operation of various joint ventures. We believe an important element in the success of any joint venture is a solid relationship between the members of that joint venture. If there is a change in ownership, a change of control, a change in management or management philosophy, a change in business strategy or another event with respect to a member of a joint venture that adversely impacts the relationship between the joint venture members, it could adversely impact that joint venture and, therefore, adversely impact us. The other members in our joint ventures may also, as a result of financial or other reasons, be unable or unwilling to support actions that we believe are in the best interests of the respective joint ventures. In addition, joint ventures necessarily involve special risks. Whether or not we hold a majority interest or maintain operational control in a joint venture, the other members in our joint ventures may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals. For example, because they are joint ventures, we do not have full control of every aspect of the joint venture s business and/or certain significant decisions concerning the joint venture, which may require certain approvals from the other members in our joint ventures, and the other members in our joint ventures may take action contrary to our policies or objectives with respect to our investments, or may otherwise be unable or unwilling to support actions that we believe are in the best interests of the respective joint venture, each of which could have an adverse effect on that joint venture and our financial results. 

14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Acquisitions 
 
 We may be unable to successfully consummate, manage or integrate our acquisitions or our acquisitions may not meet our expectations. A portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. We may from time to time continue to seek attractive opportunities to acquire businesses, enter into joint ventures and make other investments that are complementary to our existing strengths. There are no assurances, however, that any acquisition opportunities will arise or, if they do, that they will be consummated, or that any needed additional financing for such opportunities will be available on satisfactory terms when required. In addition, acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations, that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect, that we may assume unknown liabilities from the seller, that the acquired businesses may not be integrated successfully and that the acquisitions may strain our management resources or divert management s attention from other business concerns. International acquisitions may present unique challenges and increase our exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations and countries. Also, failure to successfully integrate any of our acquisitions may cause significant operating inefficiencies and could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Even if the operations of an acquisition are integrated successfully, we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, including the synergies, cost savings or growth opportunities that we expect. These benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated timeframe, or at all. Failing to realize the benefits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Capital Expenditures and Capital Resources 
 
 Our business requires capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and our capital resources may not be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. Many of our operations are capital intensive. For the five-year period ended May 31, 2023, our total capital expenditures, including acquisitions and investment activity, were approximately 1.0 billion. Additionally, as of May 31, 2023, we were obligated to make aggregate operating and financing lease payments of 125.0 million and 6.0 million, respectively, under lease agreements. Our businesses also require expenditures for maintenance of our facilities. Additionally, growth in the electrical steel market will require a significant amount of strategic capital expenditures to meet market growth expectations. We currently believe that we have adequate resources (including cash and cash equivalents, cash provided by operating activities, and availability under existing credit facilities) to meet our cash needs for normal operating costs, capital expenditures, debt repayments, dividend payments, future acquisitions and working capital for our existing businesses. However, given the potential for challenges, uncertainty and volatility in the domestic and global economies and financial markets, there can be no assurance that our capital resources will be adequate to provide for all of our cash requirements. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 We may be subject to legal proceedings or investigations, the resolution of which could negatively affect our results of operations and liquidity. Our results of operations or liquidity could be affected by an adverse ruling in any legal proceedings or investigations which may be pending against us or filed against us in the future. We are also subject to a variety of legal and compliance risks, including, without limitation, potential claims relating to product liability, product recall, privacy and information security, health and safety, environmental matters, intellectual property rights, taxes and compliance with U.S. and foreign export laws, anti-bribery laws, competition laws and sales and trading practices. While we believe that we have adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs to address and reduce these risks, the global and diverse nature of our operations means that these risks will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and contingencies may arise from time to time. An adverse ruling or settlement or an unfavorable change in laws, rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 Claims and Insurance 
 
 Adverse claims experience, to the extent not covered by insurance, may have an adverse effect on our financial results. We self-insure most of our risks for product recall, cyber liability and pollution liability. We also self-insure a significant portion of our potential liability for workers compensation, product liability, general liability, property liability, automobile liability and employee medical claims, and in order to reduce risk for these liabilities, we purchase insurance from highly-rated, licensed insurance carriers that cover most claims in excess of the applicable deductible or retained amounts. We also maintain reserves for the estimated cost to resolve certain open claims that have been made against us (which may include active product recall or replacement programs), as well as an estimate of the cost of claims that have been incurred but not reported. The occurrence of significant claims (including claims not covered by insurance or well in excess of insurance limits), our failure to adequately reserve for such claims, a significant cost increase to maintain our insurance or the failure of our insurance providers to perform could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accounting and Tax-Related Estimates 
 
 We are required to make accounting and tax-related estimates, assumptions and judgments in preparing our consolidated financial statements, and actual results may differ materially from the estimates, assumptions and judgments that we use. In preparing our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. U.S. GAAP ), we are required to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the accounting for and recognition of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. These estimates and assumptions must be made because certain information that is used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements is dependent on future events or cannot be calculated with a high degree of precision from data available to us. In some cases, these estimates and assumptions are particularly difficult to determine and we must exercise significant judgment. Some of the estimates, assumptions and judgments having the greatest amount of uncertainty, subjectivity and complexity are related to our accounting for bad debts, returns and allowances, inventory, self-insurance reserves, derivatives, stock-based compensation, deferred tax assets and liabilities and asset impairments. Our actual results may differ materially from the estimates, assumptions and judgments that we use, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our internal controls could be negatively impacted if a portion of our workforce continues to work remotely, as new processes, procedures, and controls could be required due to the changes in our business environment, which could negatively impact our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Principal Shareholder 
 
 The principal shareholder of Worthington Industries may have the ability to exert significant influence in matters requiring a shareholder vote and could delay, deter or prevent a change in control of Worthington Industries. Pursuant to the charter documents of Worthington Industries, certain matters such as those in which a person would attempt to acquire or take control of Worthington Industries, must be approved by the vote of the holders of common shares representing at least 75 of Worthington Industries outstanding voting power. Approximately 35 of the outstanding common shares are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by John P. McConnell, our Executive Chairman. As a result of his beneficial ownership of these common shares, Mr. McConnell may have the ability to exert significant influence in these matters and other proposals upon which shareholders may vote. 
 
 Employees 
 
 The loss of, or inability to attract and retain, qualified personnel could adversely affect our business. Our ability to successfully operate, grow our business and implement our business strategies is largely dependent on the efforts, abilities and services of our employees. The loss of employees or our inability to attract, train and retain additional personnel could reduce the competitiveness of our business or otherwise impair our operations or prospects. Our future success will also depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including engineers and other skilled technicians, who have experience in the application of our products and are knowledgeable about our business, markets and products. 
 
 If we lose senior management or other key employees, our business may be adversely affected. We cannot assure that we will be able to retain our existing senior management personnel or other key employees or attract additional qualified personnel when needed. The loss of any member of our management team could adversely impact our business and operations. We have not entered into any formal employment contracts with or other stand-alone change in control provisions relative to our executive officers. However, we do have certain change in control provisions in our various compensation plans. We may modify our management structure from time to time or reduce our overall workforce, which may create marketing, operational and other business risks. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 Ratings agencies may downgrade our credit ratings, which may make it more difficult for us to raise capital and could increase our financing costs. Any downgrade in our credit ratings may make raising capital more difficult, may increase the cost and affect the terms of future borrowings, may affect the terms under which we purchase goods and services and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities. In addition, the interest rate on our revolving credit facility is tied to our credit ratings, and any downgrade of our credit ratings would likely result in an increase in the cost of borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 

16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Difficult Financial Markets 
 
 If we are required to raise capital in the future, we could face higher borrowing costs, less available capital, more stringent terms and tighter covenants or, in extreme conditions, an inability to raise capital. Although we currently have cash reserves, as well as adequate borrowing availability under our existing credit facilities and should be able to access other capital if needed, should those facilities become unavailable due to covenant or other defaults, or should financial markets tighten so that we otherwise cannot raise capital outside our existing facilities, or the terms under which we do so change, we may be negatively impacted. Any adverse change in our access to capital or the terms of our borrowings, including increased costs, could have a negative impact on our financial condition. 
 
 Environmental, Health and Safety 
 
 We may incur additional costs related to environmental and health and safety matters. Our operations and facilities are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety. Compliance with these laws and regulations and any changes therein may sometimes involve substantial operating costs and capital expenditures, and any failure to maintain or achieve compliance with these laws and regulations or with the permits required for our operations could result in increased costs and capital expenditures and potentially fines and civil or criminal sanctions, third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, cleanup costs or temporary or permanent discontinuance of operations. Over time, we and predecessor operators of our facilities have generated, used, handled and disposed of hazardous and other regulated wastes. Environmental liabilities, including cleanup obligations, could exist at our facilities or at off-site locations where materials from our operations were disposed of or at facilities we have divested, which could result in future expenditures that cannot be currently quantified and which could reduce our profits and cash flow. We may be held strictly liable for any contamination of these sites, and the amount of any such liability could be material. Under the joint and several liability principle of certain environmental laws, we may be held liable for all remediation costs at a particular site, even with respect to contamination for which we are not responsible. In addition, changes in environmental and human health and safety laws, rules, regulations or enforcement policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Our operations have historically been subject to seasonal fluctuations that may impact our cash flows for a particular period. Although we experienced consistently strong demand for many of our products in each quarter of fiscal 2023, our sales are generally strongest in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year when all of our operating segments are normally operating at seasonal peaks, and our sales are generally weakest in the third quarter of the fiscal year, primarily due to reduced activity in the building and construction industry as a result of the colder, more inclement weather, as well as customer plant shutdowns in the automotive industry due to holidays. Our quarterly results may also be affected by the timing of large customer orders. Consequently, our cash flow from operations may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. If, as a result of any such fluctuation, our quarterly cash flows were significantly reduced, we may be unable to service our indebtedness or maintain compliance with certain covenants under the documents governing our indebtedness. A default under any of the documents governing our indebtedness could prevent us from borrowing additional funds, limit our ability to pay interest or principal and allow our lenders to declare the amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable and to exercise certain other remedies. 
 
 Risks Related to the Separation and Our Relationship with Worthington Steel 
 
 As a separate, publicly-traded company, New Worthington may not enjoy the same benefits that we do when consolidated with Worthington Steel. 
 
 There is a risk that, by separating Worthington Steel, New Worthington may become more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if New Worthington and Worthington Steel remain combined. As a combined company, we have been able to enjoy certain benefits from our operating diversity, purchasing power and opportunities to pursue integrated strategies across our businesses. As separate, publicly-traded companies, New Worthington and Worthington Steel will not have similar diversity or integration opportunities and may not have similar purchasing power or access to capital markets. 

17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our customers, prospective customers, suppliers or other companies with whom we conduct business may conclude that our financial stability as a separate, publicly-traded company is insufficient to satisfy their requirements for doing or continuing to do business with them. 
 
 Some of our customers, prospective customers, suppliers or other companies with whom we conduct business may conclude that our financial stability as a separate, publicly-traded company is insufficient to satisfy their requirements for doing or continuing to do business with them, or may require us to provide additional credit support, such as letters of credit or other financial guarantees. Any failure of parties to be satisfied with our financial stability could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 If the distribution, together with certain related transactions, fails to qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), New Worthington and its shareholders could incur significant tax liabilities. 
 
 The distribution is conditioned upon, among other things, our receipt of an opinion of Latham Watkins LLP, tax counsel to Worthington, regarding the qualification of the distribution, together with certain related transactions, as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. The opinion of tax counsel will be based on, among other things, certain factual assumptions, representations and undertakings from New Worthington and Worthington Steel, including those regarding the past and future conduct of the companies respective businesses and other matters. If any of these factual assumptions, representations, or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on the opinion, and New Worthington and its shareholders could be subject to significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. In addition, the opinion of tax counsel will not be binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the IRS or the courts, and, notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel, the IRS could determine on audit that the distribution does not so qualify or that the distribution should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of a significant change in stock or asset ownership after the distribution. 
 
 If the distribution is ultimately determined not to qualify as a reorganization under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code, the distribution could be treated as a taxable disposition of common shares of Worthington Steel by New Worthington and as a taxable dividend or capital gain to the shareholders of New Worthington for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In such case, New Worthington and its shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 
 
 In addition, we will undertake certain internal restructuring transactions in connection with the transfer of assets and liabilities to Worthington Steel in accordance with the separation agreement. Such internal restructuring transactions are intended to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If such internal restructuring transactions were to fail to qualify as transactions that are generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, New Worthington and Worthington Steel could be subject to additional tax liabilities. 
 
 After the distribution, certain New Worthington executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity interests in Worthington Steel. 
 
 Because of their current or former positions with the Company, certain New Worthington executive officers and directors are expected to own equity interests in Worthington Steel. Ownership of common shares of Worthington Steel could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest if we and Worthington Steel face decisions that could have implications for both Worthington Steel and New Worthington after the Separation. 
 
 Worthington Steel may compete with New Worthington. 
 
 Worthington Steel will not be restricted from competing with New Worthington. If Worthington Steel decides to engage in the type of business New Worthington conducts, it may be able to obtain a competitive advantage over New Worthington, which may cause New Worthington s business, financial condition and results of operations to be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Separation, and the separation may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the Separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all. The Separation is expected to provide the following benefits, among others: 
 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the Separation will allow investors to separately value Worthington Steel and New Worthington based on our two distinct investment identities. The New Worthington business differs from Worthington Steel s business in several respects, such as the market for products and manufacturing processes. The Separation will enable investors to evaluate the merits, performance and future prospects of each company s respective businesses and to invest in each company separately based on their respective distinct characteristics; 

the Separation will create an independent equity structure that will afford each company direct access to the capital markets and facilitate each company s ability to capitalize on its unique business and growth opportunities; 

the Separation will facilitate incentive compensation arrangements for employees more directly tied to the performance of the relevant company s businesses, and may enhance employee hiring and retention by, among other things, improving the alignment of management and employee incentives with performance and growth objectives; 

the Separation will permit each company to concentrate its financial resources solely on its own operations without having to compete with each other for investment capital. This will provide each company with greater flexibility to invest capital in its businesses in a time and manner appropriate for its distinct strategy and business needs; and 

the Separation will allow each company to more effectively pursue its distinct operating priorities and strategies and enable management of each company to focus on unique opportunities for long-term growth and profitability. The companies separate management teams will also be able to focus on executing each company s differing strategic plans without diverting attention from the other s business. 

These and other anticipated benefits may not be achieved for a variety of reasons, including, among others: 
 as a current part of Worthington, the New Worthington business benefits from Worthington s size and purchasing power in procuring certain goods, services and technologies. After the separation, as a separate entity, New Worthington may be unable to obtain these goods, services and technologies at prices or on terms as favorable as those Worthington obtained prior to the separation. New Worthington may also incur costs for certain functions previously performed by Worthington, such as accounting, tax, legal, human resources and other general administrative functions that are higher than the amounts reflected in our historical financial statements, which could cause New Worthington s profitability to decrease; 

the actions required to separate the companies respective businesses could disrupt each company s operations; 

certain costs and liabilities that were otherwise less significant to Worthington as a whole will be more significant for New Worthington and Worthington Steel as separate companies after the Separation; 

New Worthington (and prior to the Separation, Worthington) will incur costs in connection with the transition to being a separate, publicly-traded company that may include accounting, tax, legal and other professional services costs, recruiting and relocation costs associated with hiring or reassigning personnel and costs to separate information systems; and 

(i) the Separation will require significant amounts of management s time and effort, which may divert management s attention from operating and growing our business, (ii) following the Separation, each company may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if the companies were still combined and (iii) following the Separation, the companies businesses will be less diversified than the combined businesses prior to the Separation. 

If some or all of the anticipated benefits from the Separation are not achieved as anticipated, or if such benefits are delayed, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 We may have received better terms from unaffiliated third parties than the terms we will receive in our agreements with Worthington Steel. 
 
 The agreements we will enter into with Worthington Steel in connection with the separation, including the separation agreement, transition services agreement, employee matters agreement, tax matters agreement and other commercial agreements were prepared in the context of the Separation while we were still a combined company. Accordingly, during the period in which the terms of those agreements were prepared, we did not have a separate or independent board of directors or a management team that was separate from or independent of Worthington Steel. As a result, the terms of those agreements may not reflect terms that would have resulted from arm s-length negotiations between unaffiliated third parties. Arm s-length negotiations between us and an unaffiliated third party in another form of transaction, such as a buyer in a sale of a business transaction, may have resulted in more favorable terms from the unaffiliated third party. 

19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 New Worthington may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that will be executed as part of the Separation. 
 
 The separation agreement and other agreements to be entered into in connection with the Separation will determine the allocation of assets and liabilities between New Worthington and Worthington Steel following the Separation and will include any necessary indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. The transition services agreement will provide for the performance of certain services by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time after the Separation. We will rely on Worthington Steel after the Separation to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Worthington Steel is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties or losses. 
 
 General Risks 
 
 General Economic or Industry Downturns and Weakness 
 
 Our industries are cyclical and weakness or downturns in the general economy or certain industries could have an adverse effect on our business. If the domestic or global economies, or certain industry sectors of those economies that are key to our sales, contract or deteriorate, it could result in a corresponding decrease in demand for our products and negatively impact our results of operations and financial conditions. 
 
 Volatility in the U.S. and worldwide capital and credit markets could impact our end markets and result in negative impacts on demand, increased credit and collection risks and other adverse effects on our businesses. The domestic and worldwide capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility, disruptions and dislocations with respect to price and credit availability. These factors caused diminished availability of credit and other capital in our end markets, and for participants in, and the customers of, those markets. The effects of the financial crisis, recent bank failures, concerns over the economic impact of COVID-19, the war in Ukraine and inflationary pressures, continue to present risks to us, our customers or our suppliers. In particular, there is no guarantee that the credit markets or liquidity will not once again be restricted. Stricter lending standards may make it more difficult and costly for some firms to access the credit markets. Further, uncertainties in Europe, especially in light of the war in Ukraine, regarding the financial sector and sovereign debt and the potential impact on banks in other regions of the world will continue to weigh on global and domestic growth. Although we believe we have adequate access to several sources of contractually committed borrowings and other available credit facilities, these risks could restrict our ability to borrow money on acceptable terms in the credit markets and potentially affect our ability to draw on our credit facilities. In addition, restricted access to the credit markets could make it difficult, or in some cases, impossible for our suppliers and customers to borrow money to fund their operations. Lack of, or limited access to, capital would adversely affect our suppliers to produce the materials we need for our operations and our customers ability to purchase our products or, in some cases, to pay for our products on a timely basis. 
 
 Tax Laws and Regulations 
 
 Tax increases or changes in tax laws or regulations could adversely affect our financial results. We are subject to tax and related obligations in the jurisdictions in which we operate or do business, including state, local, federal and non-U.S. taxes. The taxing rules of the various jurisdictions in which we operate or do business often are complex and subject to varying interpretations. Tax authorities may challenge tax positions that we take or historically have taken and may assess taxes where we have not made tax filings or may audit the tax filings we have made and assess additional taxes. Some of these assessments may be substantial, and also may involve the imposition of penalties and interest. 
 
 In addition, governments could change their existing tax laws, impose new taxes on us or increase the rates at which we are taxed in the future. The payment of substantial additional taxes, penalties or interest resulting from tax assessments, or the imposition of any new taxes, could materially and adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. For example, President Biden has previously proposed to increase the federal corporate income tax rate and, if any such proposal were to be adopted, then the increase in the federal corporate income tax rate would adversely affect our results of operations in future periods. 

20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Legislation and Regulations 
 
 Certain proposed legislation and regulations may have an adverse impact on the economy in general and in our markets specifically, which may adversely affect our businesses. Our businesses may be negatively impacted by a variety of new or proposed legislation or regulations. For example, legislation and regulations proposing increases in taxation on, or heightened regulation of, greenhouse gas emissions may result in higher prices for steel, higher prices for utilities required to run our facilities, higher fuel costs for us and our suppliers and distributors, limitations on our ability to produce, use or sell certain products and other adverse impacts. To the extent that new legislation or regulations increase our costs, we may not be able to fully pass these costs on to our customers without a resulting decline in sales and adverse impact to our profits. Likewise, to the extent new legislation or regulations would have an adverse effect on the economy, our markets or the ability of domestic businesses to compete against foreign operations, we could also be adversely impacted. 
 
 Changes to global data privacy laws and cross-border transfer requirements could adversely affect our businesses and operations. Our businesses depend on the transfer of data between our affiliated entities, to and from our business partners, and with third-party service providers, which may be subject to global data privacy laws and cross-border transfer restrictions. In particular, the European Union has implemented the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which contains numerous requirements that must be complied with in connection with how we handle personal data related to our European-based operations and employees. A number of U.S. states have also introduced and passed legislation to expand data breach notification rules and to mirror some of the protections provided by GDPR. While we take steps to comply with these legal requirements, the volatility and changes to the applicability of those laws may impact our ability to effectively transfer data across borders in support of our business operations. Compliance with GDPR, or other regulatory standards, could also increase our cost of doing business and/or force us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our businesses. In addition, violations of GDPR, or other privacy regulations, may result in significant fines, penalties and damage to our brands and businesses which could, individually or in the aggregate, materially harm our businesses and reputation. 
 
 Significant changes to the U.S. federal government s trade policies, including new tariffs or the renegotiation or termination of existing trade agreements and/or treaties, may adversely affect our financial performance. In recent years, the U.S. federal government has altered U.S. international trade policy and has indicated its intention to renegotiate or terminate certain existing trade agreements and treaties with foreign governments. The U.S. federal government s decision to implement new trade agreements, and/or withdraw or materially modify other existing trade agreements or treaties may adversely impact our business, customers and/or suppliers by disrupting trade and commercial transactions and/or adversely affect the U.S. economy or specific portions thereof. Further, it is uncertain what impact COVID-19 and the reactions of governmental authorities and others thereto will have on international trade and what impact any changes in international trade will have on the economy or on the businesses of the Company and those of its customers and its suppliers. 
 
 Additionally, the U.S. federal government has imposed tariffs on certain foreign goods, including on certain steel products imported into the U.S. Although such steel tariffs may benefit portions of our business, these tariffs, as well as country-specific or product-specific exemptions, may also lead to steel price fluctuations and retaliatory actions from foreign governments and/or modifications to the purchasing patterns of our customers that could adversely affect our business or the steel industry as a whole. In particular, certain foreign governments, including Canada, China and Mexico, as well as the European Union, have instituted or are considering imposing tariffs on certain U.S. goods, which previously contributed to increased raw material prices, but did not have a significant or recurring impact on our business. Restrictions on trade with foreign countries, imposition of customs duties or further modifications to U.S. international trade policy have the potential to disrupt our supply chain or the supply chains of our customers and to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, customers, suppliers and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof, potentially leading to negative effects on our business. 
 
 Impairment Charges 
 
 Weakness or instability in the general economy, our markets or our results of operations could result in future asset impairments, which would reduce our reported earnings and net worth. Economic conditions remain fragile in some markets and the possibility remains that the domestic or global economies, or certain industry sectors that are key to our sales, may deteriorate. If certain of our operating segments are adversely affected by challenging economic and financial conditions, we may be required to record future impairments, which would negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresol ved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 2. P roperties. 
 Our principal corporate offices are located in an owned building in Columbus, Ohio, which also houses the principal corporate offices of our reportable segments, other than the Steel Processing operating segment, which has its corporate offices in an office building next to the principal corporate offices where we lease office space. We also own three facilities in Columbus, Ohio used for administrative and medical purposes. At May 31, 2023, including our consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures, we owned or leased more than 10,000,000 square feet of space for our operations, most of which is dedicated to manufacturing facilities. More details on these facilities are contained in the table below. We believe these facilities are well maintained and in good operating condition and are sufficient to meet our current needs. 
 
 Operating Segments 

Operating Segment 
 
 Type 
 
 Location 
 
 Number of facilities 
 
 Leased 

Owned 

Steel Processing 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio (5), New York, Canada, China, India, Mexico 
 
 14 
 
 2 

12 

Consumer Products 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Kansas (2), New Jersey, Ohio, Wisconsin 
 
 5 
 
 2 

3 

Building Products 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio (2), Rhode Island, Portugal 
 
 6 

- 

6 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Austria, Germany, Poland 
 
 3 

- 

3 

Total 
 
 28 

4 

24 

Consolidated Joint Ventures 

Joint Venture 
 
 Type 
 
 Location 
 
 Number of facilities 
 
 Leased 

Owned 

Samuel 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Ohio (2) 
 
 2 
 
 1 

1 

Spartan 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Michigan 
 
 1 

- 

1 

TWB 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Kentucky, Michigan (2), Ohio (2), Tennessee (2), Canada, Mexico (3) 
 
 11 
 
 10 

1 

Total 
 
 14 
 
 11 

3 

Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 

Joint Venture 
 
 Type 
 
 Location 
 
 Number of facilities 

Leased 

Owned 

ClarkDietrich 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 California (2), Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Missouri, Florida (2), Ohio (2), Texas (2), Canada 
 
 14 

12 

2 

Serviacero Worthington 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Mexico (3) 
 
 3 

- 

3 

WAVE 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 California (2), Georgia, Maryland (2), Michigan, Nevada 
 
 7 

5 

2 

Workhorse 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
 Minnesota (3), South Dakota, Tennessee, Brazil 
 
 6 

6 

- 

Total 

30 

23 

7 

Item 3. Lega l Proceedings 
 
 We are involved in various judicial and administrative proceedings, as both plaintiff and defendant, arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that any such proceedings will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operation or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine S afety Disclosures 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 

Supplemental Item Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 The following table lists the names, positions held and ages of the individuals serving as executive officers of Worthington Industries as of July 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position(s) with the Registrant 
 Present Office Held Since 

John P. McConnell 
 69 
 Executive Chairman and Director 
 2020 

B. Andrew Rose 
 53 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2020 

Geoffrey G. Gilmore 
 51 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 2018 

Joseph B. Hayek 
 51 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 2018 

Patrick J. Kennedy 
 42 
 Vice President General Counsel and Secretary 
 2021 

Jeff R. Klingler 
 51 
 President Steel Processing 
 2019 

Eric M. Smolenski 
 53 
 President Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions 
 2021 

Steven M. Caravati 
 41 
 President Consumer Products 
 2021 

Catherine M. Lyttle 
 64 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 2018 

Steven R. Witt 
 54 
 Corporate Controller 
 2022 

John P. McConnell has served as Worthington Industries Executive Chairman since September 2020, as a director of Worthington Industries since 1990, and as Chairman of the Board since September 1996. Mr. McConnell also serves as the Chair of the Executive Committee of the Board. Mr. McConnell served as Chief Executive Officer of Worthington Industries from June 1993 to August 2020 and in various other positions with us from 1975 to June 1993. 
 
 B. Andrew Andy Rose has served as Chief Executive Officer of Worthington Industries since September 2020 and President since August 2018. Mr. Rose served as Chief Financial Officer of Worthington Industries on an interim basis from August 2018 to November 2018. Mr. Rose served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Worthington Industries from July 2014 to August 2018 and as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Worthington Industries from December 2008 to July 2014. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Rose served as a senior investment professional with MCG Capital Corporation, a publicly-traded company specializing in debt and equity investments in middle market companies; and from 2002 to 2007, he was a founding partner at Peachtree Equity Partners, L.P., a private equity firm backed by Goldman Sachs. 
 
 Geoffrey G. Gilmore has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Worthington Industries since August 2018. Mr. Gilmore served as President of Worthington Cylinder Corporation from June 2016 to August 2018. Mr. Gilmore served as President of The Worthington Steel Company from August 2012 through May 2016. From July 2011 to July 2012, Mr. Gilmore served as Vice President-Purchasing for Worthington Industries. From April 2010 to July 2011, Mr. Gilmore served as General Manager of The Worthington Steel Company s Delta, Ohio facility; and from June 2006 to February 2010, he served as Director of Automotive Sales for The Worthington Steel Company. Mr. Gilmore served in various other positions with us from 1998 to June 2006. 
 
 Joseph B. Hayek has served as Worthington Industries Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2018. Mr. Hayek served as Vice President and General Manager of our oil and gas equipment business unit from March 2017 to November 2018. From April 2014 to March 2017, Mr. Hayek served as Worthington Industries Vice President Mergers Acquisitions and Corporate Development. Prior to joining us, Mr. Hayek served as President of Sarcom, Inc., a value-added IT solutions provider (n/k/a PCM Sales, Inc.) and the largest division of PCM, Inc. 
 
 Patrick J. Kennedy has served as Worthington Industries Vice President General Counsel and Secretary since January 2021. Mr. Kennedy served as Corporate Counsel of Worthington Industries from June 2018 to December 2020, and was a participant in the Worthington Industries Rotational Experience and Development (WIRED) program from June 2016 to May 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Kennedy was a partner with the law firm Ice Miller LLP, where he was a member of the firm s business law group. 
 
 Jeff R. Klingler has served as President of The Worthington Steel Company since May 2019. Mr. Klingler served as General Manager of various business units within The Worthington Steel Company from May 2014 until April 2019. Mr. Klingler served as vice president of sales, marketing and procurement for Banner Services Corporation, a supplier and processor of metal bar products, from 2008 until 2014, after serving in numerous capacities with The Worthington Steel Company from 1992 to 2008. 

23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Eric M. Smolenski has served as President of Worthington Industries Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions operating segments since June 2021. Mr. Smolenski served as President of Worthington Cylinder Corporation from May 2019 to May 2021. Mr. Smolenski served as General Manager of Worthington Cylinder Corporation s industrial products business unit from May 2017 until April 2019 and of its oil and gas business unit from January 2015 until May 2017. Mr. Smolenski joined us in 1994 and has worked in numerous accounting, finance, human resources and information technology capacities, including Vice President of Human Resources of Worthington Industries from 2006 to 2012 and Chief Information Officer of Worthington Industries from 2012 to 2014. 
 
 Steven M. Caravati has served as President of Worthington Industries Consumer Products operating segment since June 2021. Mr. Caravati served as General Manager of Worthington Cylinder Corporation s consumer products business unit from June 2019 to May 2021 and Director of Sales for the consumer products business unit from July 2014 to May 2019. Mr. Caravati joined us in 2005 and served in numerous sales capacities from 2005 to 2014. 
 
 Catherine M. Lyttle has served as Worthington Industries Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer since September 2018. Ms. Lyttle served as Vice President-Communications and Investor Relations of Worthington Industries from April 2009 to September 2018. Ms. Lyttle served as Vice President of Communications of Worthington Industries from January 1999 to April 2009. Ms. Lyttle served as Vice President of Marketing for the Columbus Chamber of Commerce from 1987 to September 1997 and as Vice President of JMAC Hockey from 1997 to 1999. 
 
 Steven R. Witt has served as the Corporate Controller of Worthington Industries since April 2022. He served as Senior Director of Accounting and Finance of Worthington Cylinder Corporation from June 2019 to April 2022. Mr. Witt served as Director of Accounting for Worthington Cylinder Corporation from November 2014 to June 2019. Mr. Witt served as Director of Accounting for The Worthington Steel Company from November 2009 to November 2014. Mr. Witt joined us in April 2003 and served in numerous accounting roles from 2003 to 2009. 
 
 Executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Board. John P. McConnell is the father of John H. McConnell II, a member of the Board and our Vice President, Global Business Development, Sustainable Energy Solutions, otherwise, there are no family relationships among any of Worthington Industries executive officers or directors. No arrangements or understandings exist pursuant to which any individual has been, or is to be, selected as an executive officer of Worthington Industries. 
 
 PAR T II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related St ockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Shares Information 
 
 The common shares trade on the NYSE under the symbol WOR. As of July 25, 2023, Worthington Industries had 6,619 registered shareholders. 
 
 The Board reviews the declaration and payment of a dividend on a quarterly basis and establishes the dividend rate based upon Worthington Industries financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, current and projected cash flows, business prospects and other factors which the directors may deem relevant. While Worthington Industries has paid a dividend every quarter since becoming a public company in 1968, there is no guarantee this will continue in the future. We currently have no material contractual or regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends. 
 
 For additional information on the Worthington Industries dividend policy, see Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Dividend Policy. 
 
 Shareholder Return Performance 
 
 The following information in this Item 5 of this Form 10-K is not deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or Regulation 14C under the Exchange Act, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate such information into such a filing. 
 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 

The following graph compares the five-year cumulative return on the common shares, the S P Midcap 400 Index and the S P 1500 Steel Composite Index. The graph assumes that 100 was invested at May 31, 2018, in the common shares and each index. 

5/18 

5/19 
 
 5/20 

5/21 
 
 5/22 
 
 5/23 

Worthington Industries, Inc. 

100.00 

72.78 

65.65 

148.88 

106.73 

131.59 

S P Midcap 400 Index 

100.00 

94.56 

93.80 

147.04 

137.45 

133.84 

S P 1500 Steel Composite Index 

100.00 

65.38 

59.73 

143.29 

175.51 

177.57 

Data and graph provided by Zacks Investment Research, Inc. Copyright 2023, Standard Poor s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission . 
 
 Worthington Industries is a component of the S P Midcap 400 Index. The S P 1500 Steel Composite Index, of which Worthington Industries is also a component, is the most specific index relative to our largest line of business. At May 31, 2023, in addition to Worthington Industries, the S P 1500 Steel Composite Index included 13 other steel related companies from the S P 500, S P Midcap 400 and S P 600 indices: ATI, Inc.; Carpenter Technology Corporation; Cleveland-Cliffs Inc.; Commercial Metals Company; Haynes International, Inc.; Nucor Corporation; Olympic Steel, Inc.; Reliance Steel Aluminum Co.; Steel Dynamics, Inc.; SunCoke Energy, Inc.; TimkenSteel Corporation; United States Steel Corporation; and Warrior Met Coal, Inc. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 
 There were no equity securities of Worthington Industries sold by Worthington Industries during fiscal 2023 that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common shares of Worthington Industries withheld to cover tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted common shares are treated as common share repurchases. Those withheld common shares are not considered common share repurchases under an authorized common share repurchase plan. The table below provides information regarding common shares withheld from Worthington employees to satisfy minimum statutory tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of restricted common shares. 

Total Number of 

Common Shares 

Purchased as 

Maximum Number of 

Total Number 

Average Price 

Part of Publicly 

Common Shares that 

of Common 

Paid per 

Announced 

May Yet Be 

Shares 

Common 

Plans or 

Purchased Under the 

Period 
 
 Purchased 

Share 

Programs (2) 

Plans or Programs (1) 

March 1-31, 2023 
 
 17 

58.11 

- 

6,065,000 

April 1-30, 2023 
 
 552 

59.77 

- 

6,065,000 

May 1-31, 2023 
 
 - 

- 

- 

6,065,000 

Total 

569 

59.21 

- 

(1) The number shown represents, as of the end of each period, the maximum number of common shares that could be purchased under the publicly announced repurchase authorizations then in effect. On March 20, 2019, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 6.6 million of the common shares. On March 24, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 5.6 million of the common shares, increasing the total number of common shares then authorized for repurchase to 10.0 million. A total of 3.9 million common shares have been repurchased since the latest authorization, leaving 6.1 million common shares available for repurchase under these authorizations at May 31, 2023. The common shares available for repurchase under the authorizations currently in effect may be purchased from time to time, with consideration given to the market price of the common shares, the nature of other investment opportunities, cash flows from operations, general economic conditions and other relevant considerations. Repurchases may be made on the open market or through privately-negotiated transactions. 

(2) There were no common shares purchased during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2023 as part of publicly announced plans or programs. 

It em 6. [Reserved] 

26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis o f Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Selected statements contained in this Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A constitute forward-looking statements, as that term is used in the PSLRA. Such forward-looking statements are based, in whole or in part, on management s beliefs, estimates, assumptions and currently available information. For a more detailed discussion of what constitutes a forward-looking statement and of some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor Statement in the beginning of this Form 10-K and Part I - Item 1A. - Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 
 
 This MD A should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related Notes in this Form 10-K. This MD A is designed to provide a reader with material information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations and to allow investors to view the Company from the perspective of management. This MD A is divided into seven main sections: 
 
 Separation from the Steel Processing Business; 

Business Overview; 

Recent Business Developments; 

Trends and Factors Impacting our Performance; 

Results of Operations; 

Liquidity and Capital Resources; and 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Separation from the Steel Processing Business 
 
 On September 29, 2022, we announced our intention to complete the Separation, a spin-off of Worthington Steel, our existing Steel Processing business, into a stand-alone publicly traded company through a generally tax-free pro rata distribution of 100 of the common shares of Worthington Steel to Worthington Industries shareholders. New Worthington, the remaining company, is expected to be comprised of our Consumer Products, Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions operating segments. While we currently intend to effect the distribution, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, we have no obligation to pursue or consummate any dispositions of our ownership interest in Worthington Steel, including through the completion of the distribution, by any specified date or at all. The distribution is subject to various conditions, including final approval by the Board; the transfer of assets and liabilities to Worthington Steel in accordance with the separation agreement; due execution and delivery of the agreements relating to the Separation; no order, injunction or decree issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition in effect preventing the consummation of the Separation, the distribution or any of the related transactions; acceptance for listing on the NYSE of the common shares of Worthington Steel to be distributed, subject to official notice of distribution; completion of financing, and no other event or development having occurred or being in existence that, in the judgment of the Board, in its sole discretion, makes it inadvisable to effect the Separation, the distribution or the other related transactions. 
 
 Business Overview 
 
 We are an industrial manufacturing company focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured consumer, building, and sustainable mobility products. Our manufactured products include: pressure cylinders for LPG, CNG, hydrogen, oxygen, refrigerant and other industrial gas storage; water well tanks for commercial and residential uses; hand torches and filled hand torch cylinders; propane-filled camping cylinders; helium-filled balloon kits; specialized hand tools and instruments; and drywall tools and related accessories; and, through our joint ventures, complete ceiling grid solutions; laser welded blanks; light gauge steel framing for commercial and residential construction; and engineered cabs, operator stations and cab components. 

27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We own controlling interests in the following consolidated operating joint ventures: Spartan, Samuel and TWB. We also own a controlling interest in WSP, which became a non-operating joint venture on October 31, 2022, when we completed the sale of the remaining net assets of the WSP joint venture. The net assets and operating results of these four joint ventures are consolidated with the equity owned by the minority joint venture member shown as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets, and the noncontrolling interest in net earnings and other comprehensive income (loss) OCI shown as net earnings or comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of earnings and consolidated statements of comprehensive income, respectively. Our remaining joint ventures, ClarkDietrich, Serviacero Worthington, WAVE and Workhorse, are unconsolidated and accounted for using the equity method. Our noncontrolling investment in ArtiFlex is also accounted for under the equity method, on a historical basis, through its divestiture on August 3, 2022, as discussed further under Recent Business Developments . 
 
 Our operations are managed on a product and services basis and, in the case of our manufactured products, are organized around the key end markets. Our management structure consists of four reportable operating segments: Steel Processing, Consumer Products, Building Products, and Sustainable Energy Solutions. A discussion of each reportable segments is provided below: 

Reportable Segments 
 Description 

Steel Processing 
 This segment is a value-added processor of carbon flat-rolled steel, a producer of laser welded solutions, and a provider of electrical steel laminations. This segment provides a diversified range of products and services that span a variety of end markets. It serves its customers primarily by processing flat-rolled steel coils, which it sources primarily from various North American integrated steel mills and mini-mills, into the precise type, thickness, length, width, shape, and surface quality required by customer specifications. It can sell steel on a direct basis, whereby it is exposed to the risk and rewards of ownership of the material while in our possession. Alternatively, it can also toll process steel under a fee for service arrangement whereby it processes customer-owned material. Its manufacturing facilities further benefit from the flexibility to scale between direct versus tolling services based on demand dynamics throughout the year. Steel Processing includes the operations of our three consolidated operating joint ventures (Spartan, Samuel and TWB) as well as our unconsolidated operating joint venture (Serviacero Worthington). 

Consumer Products 
 This segment consists of products in the tools, outdoor living and celebrations end markets with owned and licensed brands that include Coleman , Bernzomatic , Balloon Time , Mag-Torch , General , Garden-Weasel , Pactool International , Hawkeye , Worthington Pro Grade and Level5 . These include propane-filled cylinders for torches, camping stoves and other applications, certain LPG cylinders, handheld torches, helium-filled balloon kits, specialized hand tools and instruments, and drywall tools and accessories sold primarily to mass merchandisers, retailers and distributors. LPG cylinders, which hold fuel for barbeque grills and recreational vehicle equipment, are also sold through cylinder exchangers. 

Building Products 
 This segment sells refrigerant and LPG cylinders, well water and expansion tanks, and other specialty products which are generally sold to gas producers, and distributors. Refrigerant gas cylinders are used to hold refrigerant gases for commercial, residential, and automotive air conditioning and refrigeration systems. LPG cylinders hold fuel for residential and light commercial heating systems, industrial forklifts and commercial/residential cooking (the latter, generally outside North America). Well water tanks and expansion tanks are used primarily in the residential market with certain products also sold to commercial markets. Specialty products include a variety of fire suppression tanks, chemical tanks, and foam and adhesive tanks. Building Products also includes the results of two of our unconsolidated operating joint ventures (ClarkDietrich and WAVE). 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 
 This segment, which is primarily based in Europe, sells onboard fueling systems and related services, as well as gas containment solutions and services for the storage, transport and distribution of industrial gases. Sustainable Energy Solutions operates three manufacturing facilities located in Austria, Germany, and Poland. This segment s products and services include high pressure and acetylene cylinders for life support systems and alternative fuel cylinders used to hold CNG and hydrogen for automobiles, buses, and light-duty trucks. Sustainable Energy Solutions has a number of foreign and domestic competitors in these markets. 

28 
 
 Table of Contents 

Other 
 Certain income and expense items incurred at the corporate level but not allocated to our operating segments are included in the Other category and consist primarily of expenses and reserves associated with our self-insurance programs, including risks associated with product, cyber, environmental, workers compensation, and healthcare liabilities. Other also includes the results of our unconsolidated engineered cabs operating joint venture (Workhorse) as well as the results of ArtiFlex, on a historical basis, through its divestiture on August 3, 2022. Divested businesses that are no longer included in our management structure are also included in the Other category, including the following (through the date of disposal): Structural Composites Industries, LLC SCI (March 2021); Oil Gas Equipment (January 2021); and Cryogenic Storage and Cryo-Science (October 2020). 

Recent Business Developments 
 On June 2, 2022, we acquired Level5, a leading provider of drywall tools and related accessories. The total purchase price was approximately 56.1 million, with a potential earnout payment based on performance through calendar year 2024. Refer to Note Q Acquisitions for additional information. 

On August 3, 2022, we sold our 50 noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex to the unaffiliated joint venture member for net proceeds of approximately 41.8 million, after adjustments for closing debt and final net working capital. Approximately 6.0 million of the total cash proceeds were attributed to real property in Wooster, Ohio, with a net book value of 6.3 million. This real property was owned by us and leased to ArtiFlex prior to closing of the transaction. During fiscal 2023, we recognized a pre-tax loss of 16.1 million in equity income related to the sale. 

On September 29, 2022, we announced that the Board approved a plan to pursue the Separation of our Steel Processing business which we expect to complete by early 2024. This plan is referred to as Worthington 2024. Worthington 2024 will result in two independent, publicly-traded companies that are more specialized and fit-for-purpose, with enhanced prospects for growth and value creation. We plan to effect the Separation via a pro rata distribution of the common shares of Worthington Steel, which is expected to be tax-free to Worthington Industries shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Refer to Note A Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 

On October 31, 2022, our consolidated joint venture, WSP, sold its remaining manufacturing facility, located in Jackson, Michigan, for net proceeds of approximately 21.3 million, resulting in a pre-tax gain of 3.9 million within restructuring and other (income) expense, net. Refer to Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information. 

On January 5, 2023, we announced the implementation of a Board transition plan, pursuant to which John H. McConnell II was appointed as a member of the Board, effective on January 4, 2023. As previously disclosed on January 4, 2023, John P. McConnell, Executive Chairman of Worthington Industries, notified the Board that he intended to step down from the Board in June 2023. On June 28, 2023, John P. McConnell notified the Board that he intends to defer his retirement and will remain on the Board to continue providing leadership in preparation for the planned Separation. The effective date of John P. McConnell s retirement has not been fixed. 

On February 2, 2023, we announced the senior leadership teams for New Worthington and Worthington Steel which will be effective upon the completion of the planned Separation. 

On June 28, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of 0.32 per common share payable on September 29, 2023, to shareholders of record on September 15, 2023. 

On June 29, 2023, we terminated our revolving trade accounts receivable securitization facility allowing us to borrow up to 175.0 million (the AR Facility ). See Note I Debt and Receivables Securitization and Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. 

On July 28, 2023, we redeemed in full our 243.6 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due April 15, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). See Note I Debt and Receivables Securitization and Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Trends and Factors Impacting our Performance 
 
 The industries in which we participate are fragmented and highly competitive. Given the broad base of products and services offered, specific competitors vary based on the target industry, product type, service type, size of program and geography. Competition is primarily on the basis of price, product quality and the ability to meet delivery requirements. Our products are priced competitively, primarily based on market factors, including, among other things, market pricing, the cost and availability of raw materials, transportation and shipping costs, and overall economic conditions in the U.S. and abroad. 
 
 General Economic and Market Conditions 
 We sell our products and services to a diverse customer base and a broad range of end markets. The breakdown of our net sales by end market for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 is illustrated in the following chart: 

The automotive industry is one of the largest consumers of flat-rolled steel, and thus the largest end market for our Steel Processing operating segment. Approximately 52 of Steel Processing s net sales are to the automotive market. North American vehicle production, primarily by the Detroit Three automakers, has a considerable impact on the activity within the Steel Processing operating segment. The majority of the net sales of one of our unconsolidated joint ventures, Serviacero Worthington, is also to the automotive market. 
 
 Approximately 13 of the net sales in our Steel Processing operating segment are to the construction market. The construction market is also the predominant end market for our unconsolidated joint ventures within the Building Products operating segment, WAVE and ClarkDietrich. While the market price of steel significantly impacts these businesses, there are other key indicators that are meaningful in analyzing construction market demand, including the U.S. gross domestic product U.S. GDP ), the Dodge Index of construction contracts and, in the case of ClarkDietrich, trends in the relative prices of framing lumber and steel. 
 
 Our remaining net sales are to other markets such as agricultural, appliance, container, energy, heavy-truck, HVAC, and, with the fiscal 2022 addition of Tempel, the industrial electric motor, generator, and transformer industries. Given the many different products that make up these remaining net sales and the wide variety of end markets, it is very difficult to detail the key market indicators that drive this portion of our business. However, we believe that the trend in U.S. GDP growth is a good economic indicator for analyzing the demand of these end markets. 
 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 

U.S. GDP growth rate trends are generally indicative of the strength in demand and, in many cases, pricing for our products. A year-over-year increase in U.S. GDP growth rates is generally indicative of a stronger economy, which generally increases demand and pricing for our products. Conversely, declining U.S. GDP growth rates generally indicate a weaker economy, which generally decreases demand and pricing for our products. Changes in U.S. GDP growth rates can also signal changes in conversion costs related to production and in selling, general, and administrative expense SG A ). 
 
 Inflation has accelerated and government deficits and debt levels remain at high levels in many major markets. In the U.S., inflation rose at an annual rate of 4.0 in May 2023, down from 8.6 in May 2022. Inflationary pressures have been felt across our business in the form of higher input and conversion costs as well as higher overall SG A expense. The U.S. Federal Reserve Board has pushed interest rates to the highest level in more than 15 years in an attempt to slow growth and reduce inflation. Rising interest rates could cause a significant economic downturn and impact various of the end markets that we serve as well as overall domestic steel demand. Despite the economic headwinds presented by a rising interest rate environment, demand remains steady in most of our end markets. 
 
 We use the following information from the past three fiscal years to monitor our costs and demand in our major end markets: 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

U.S. GDP growth year-over-year) (1) 

1.7 

5.4 

2.8 

(3.7) 

2.6 

Hot-Rolled Steel per ton) (2) 

889 

1,588 

869 

(699) 

719 

Detroit Three Auto Build (000's vehicles) (3) 

6,906 

6,164 

6,808 

742 

(644) 

No. America Auto Build (000's vehicles) (3) 

14,910 

13,225 

14,813 

1,685 

(1,588) 

Zinc per pound) (4) 

1.40 

1.56 

1.15 

(0.16) 

0.41 

Natural Gas per mcf) (5) 

5.22 

4.92 

2.49 

0.30 

2.43 

On-Highway Diesel Fuel Prices per gallon) (6) 

4.80 

3.99 

3.17 

0.81 

0.82 

(1) 2022 and 2021 figures based on revised actuals 

(2) CRU Hot-Rolled Index; period average 

(3) IHS Global (S P) 

(4) LME Zinc; period average 

(5) NYMEX Henry Hub Natural Gas; period average 

(6) Energy Information Administration; period average 

Sales to one Steel Processing customer in the automotive industry represented 11.9 and 13.2 of our consolidated net sales during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively. While our automotive business is largely driven by the production schedules of the Detroit Three automakers, our customer base is much broader and includes other domestic manufacturers and many of their suppliers. During fiscal 2023, vehicle production for the Detroit Three automakers was up 12 , while overall North American vehicle production was up 13 . 
 
 Impact of Raw Material Prices 
 
 The market price of hot-rolled steel is one of the most significant factors impacting our selling prices and operating results. The steel industry as a whole has been cyclical, and at times availability and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control. This volatility can significantly affect our steel costs. In an environment of increasing prices for steel and other raw materials, competitive conditions or contractual obligations may impact how much of the price increases we can pass on to our customers. To the extent we are unable to pass on future price increases in our raw materials to our customers, our financial results could be adversely affected. Also, if steel prices decrease, in general, competitive conditions or contractual obligations may impact how quickly we must reduce our prices to our customers, and we could be forced to use higher-priced raw materials in our inventories to complete orders for which the selling prices have decreased. Declining steel prices could also require us to write-down the value of our inventories to reflect current market pricing. Further, the number of suppliers has decreased in recent years due to industry consolidation and the financial difficulties of certain suppliers, and consolidation may continue. Accordingly, if delivery from a major steel supplier is disrupted, it may be more difficult to obtain an alternative supply than in the past. 
 
 The market price of our products is closely related to the price of Hot Rolled Coil HRC ). The benchmark price for HRC is primarily affected by the demand for steel and the cost of raw materials. Over the past three years, steel prices have increased significantly due to supplier consolidation, tight mill orders due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war in Ukraine and tariffs on foreign steel. More recently, steel prices rapidly decreased before increasing again. 

31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 To manage our exposure to market risk, we attempt to negotiate the best prices for steel and to competitively price products and services to reflect the fluctuations in market prices. We have used derivative financial instruments to manage a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in the cost of certain steel. These derivative financial instruments covered periods commensurate with known or expected exposures throughout fiscal 2023. The derivative financial instruments were executed with highly rated financial institutions. 
 
 The following table presents the average quarterly market price per ton of hot-rolled steel during each of the past three fiscal years. 

(Dollars per ton) (1) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

1st Quarter 

978 

1,762 

475 

2nd Quarter 

742 

1,888 

625 

3rd Quarter 

720 

1,421 

1,016 

4th Quarter 

1,116 

1,280 

1,358 

Annual Avg. 

889 

1,588 

869 

(1) CRU Hot-Rolled Index 

No matter how efficient, our operations, which use steel as a raw material, create some amount of scrap. The expected price of scrap compared to the price of the steel raw material is factored into pricing. Generally, as the price of steel increases, the price of scrap increases by a similar amount. When increases in scrap prices do not keep pace with the increases in the price of the steel raw material, it can have a negative impact on our margins. 
 
 Certain other commodities, such as copper, zinc, natural gas, helium and diesel fuel, represent a significant portion of our cost of goods sold, both directly through our plant operations and indirectly through transportation and freight expense. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Fiscal 2023 Compared to Fiscal 2022 
 
 The tables throughout this section present, on a comparative basis, our consolidated results of operations for the past two fiscal years. 

(In millions, except per common share amounts) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Increase/ (Decrease) 

Net sales 

4,916.4 

5,242.2 

(325.8) 

Operating income 

212.4 

329.3 

(116.9) 

Equity income 

161.0 

213.6 

(52.6) 

Net earnings attributable to controlling interest 

256.5 

379.4 

(122.9) 

Earnings per diluted common share attributable to controlling interest 

5.19 

7.44 

(2.25) 

Net Sales and Volume 
 
 The following table provides a breakdown of consolidated net sales by operating segment, along with the respective percentage of the total of each, for the past two fiscal years. 

of 

of 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

Net sales 

2022 

Net sales 

(Decrease) 

Steel Processing 

3,497.9 

71.1 

3,933.0 

75.0 

(435.1) 

Consumer Products 

686.3 

14.0 

636.5 

12.1 

49.8 

Building Products 

586.1 

11.9 

541.8 

10.4 

44.3 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

146.1 

3.0 

130.9 

2.5 

15.2 

Consolidated Net Sales 

4,916.4 

100.0 

5,242.2 

100.0 

(325.8) 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 

The following table provides volume by operating segment for the past two fiscal years. 

Increase/ 

2023 

2022 

(Decrease) 

Steel Processing (Tons) 

3,842,828 

4,170,931 

(328,103) 

Consumer Products (Units) 

78,234,587 

82,393,013 

(4,158,426) 

Building Products (Units) 

10,532,434 

11,707,258 

(1,174,824) 

Sustainable Energy Solutions (Units) 

573,853 

610,811 

(36,958) 

Steel Processing Net sales decreased 435.1 million from fiscal 2022 to 3.5 billion in fiscal 2023, as the impact of lower average selling prices more than offset the impact of the Tempel acquisition and a favorable shift in mix from toll tons to direct tons shipped. The mix of direct tons versus toll tons processed was 56 to 44 in fiscal 2023, compared to 51 to 49 in fiscal 2022. The shift in mix towards direct tons was driven primarily by lower tolling volume with our mill customers and the sale of WSP s remaining manufacturing facility on October 31, 2022. 

Consumer Products Net sales increased 7.8 , or 49.8 million, over fiscal 2022 to 686.3 million in fiscal 2023. The increase was driven by higher average selling prices, and, to a lesser extent, contributions from the June 2, 2022 acquisition of Level5. Excluding Level5 units shipped in fiscal 2023, overall volumes were down 7.1 from fiscal 2022, as retail customers reduced inventory levels resulting in lower customer orders. 

Building Products Net sales increased 8.2 , or 44.3 million, over fiscal 2022 to 586.1 million in fiscal 2023. The increase was driven by higher average selling prices and a favorable shift in product mix, partially offset by lower volume. 

Sustainable Energy Solutions Net sales totaled 146.1 million in fiscal 2023, up 11.6 , or 15.2 million, over fiscal 2022, primarily due to higher average selling prices, partially offset by an unfavorable change in product mix. 

Gross Margin 

of 

of 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

Net sales 

2022 

Net sales 

(Decrease) 

Gross Margin 

663.3 

13.5 

714.8 

13.6 

(51.5) 

Gross margin decreased 51.5 million from fiscal 2022 to 663.3 million in fiscal 2023, as the impact of lower overall volumes and higher manufacturing expenses more than offset the favorable impact of higher average selling prices at Consumer Products and Building Products and the impact of acquisitions. Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, overall volumes were down across all of our operating segments while manufacturing expenses were up on continued inflationary pressures and higher fixed cost absorption. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense 

of 

of 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

Net sales 

2022 

Net sales 

(Decrease) 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

428.9 

8.7 

399.6 

7.6 

29.3 

SG A expense increased 29.3 million over fiscal 2022 due primarily to the impact of acquisitions and higher wages and benefits driven by continued inflationary pressures, partially offset by lower profit sharing and bonus expense to correspond with the decreases in operating income and equity income from fiscal 2022. 

Other Operating Items 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

(Decrease) 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

2.6 

3.1 

(0.5) 

Restructuring and other income, net 

(4.6) 

(17.1) 

12.5 

Separation costs 

24.0 

- 

24.0 

33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Impairment of long-lived assets in fiscal 2023 related primarily to a 1.8 million charge to write down production equipment at our Steel Processing facility in Taylor, Michigan to its estimated fair market value less costs to sell; 0.5 million related to changes in the intended use of certain fixed assets at our Building Products facility in Jefferson, Ohio; and 0.3 million related to our commitment to a plan to sell certain fixed assets at our Samuel toll processing facility in Cleveland, Ohio that were written down to fair value less costs to sell. Impairment charges in fiscal 2022 related to the write-down of certain production equipment at our Samuel facility in Twinsburg, Ohio that was determined to be below fair market value. Refer to Note E Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets for additional information. 

Restructuring and other income, net in fiscal 2023 was driven by gains realized from the sale of long-lived assets, including a 3.9 million gain realized from the sale of WSP s former manufacturing facility in Jackson, Michigan. Restructuring activity in fiscal 2022 resulted primarily from pre-tax gains from asset disposals with Steel Processing totaling 14.9 million. Refer to Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information. 

Separation costs of 24.0 million reflect direct and incremental costs incurred in connection with the planned Separation, including audit, advisory, and legal costs. Refer to Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 

Miscellaneous Income (Expense), Net 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

(Decrease) 

Miscellaneous income (expense), net 

(1.2) 

2.7 

(3.9) 

Miscellaneous expense in fiscal 2023 was driven primarily by the annuitization of a portion of the total projected benefit obligation of the inactive Gerstenslager Company Bargaining Unit Employees Pension Plan, as of the purchase date of the annuity contract, which resulted in a pre-tax, non-cash settlement charge of 4.8 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2023 to accelerate a portion of the overall deferred pension cost. 

Interest Expense, Net 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

(Decrease) 

Interest expense, net 

26.8 

31.3 

(4.5) 

Interest expense was 26.8 million in fiscal 2023, down 4.5 million from fiscal 2022 due to higher interest income, and to a lesser extent, the impact of lower average debt levels associated with short-term borrowings. 

Equity Income 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

(Decrease) 

WAVE 

85.9 

87.4 

(1.5) 

ClarkDietrich 

80.5 

89.1 

(8.6) 

Serviacero Worthington 

7.7 

29.8 

(22.1) 

ArtiFlex (1) 

(13.7) 

7.6 

(21.3) 

Workhorse 

0.5 

(0.3) 

0.8 

Total Equity Income 

160.9 

213.6 

(52.7) 

(1) On August 3, 2022, we sold our 50 noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex. Activity for fiscal 2023 includes a 16.1 million pre-tax loss related to the sale. 

Equity income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased 52.7 million from fiscal 2022 to 160.9 million due to a 16.1 million pre-tax loss related to the sale of our noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex and lower contributions from WAVE, ClarkDietrich, and Serviacero. The lower contribution from Serviacero Worthington was primarily the result of reduced spreads driven by falling steel prices. We received cash distributions of 240.9 million from our unconsolidated joint ventures during fiscal 2023. 

34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Income Taxes 

Effective 

Effective 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

Tax Rate 

2022 

Tax Rate 

(Decrease) 

Income tax expense 

76.2 

22.9 

115.0 

23.3 

(38.8) 

Income tax expense decreased 38.8 million from fiscal 2022 due to lower pre-tax earnings. Fiscal 2023 tax expense reflected an estimated annual effective income tax rate of 22.9 versus 23.3 in fiscal 2022. For additional information regarding our income taxes, refer to Note N Income Taxes. 

Adjusted EBIT 
 
 We evaluate operating performance on the basis of adjusted earnings before interest and taxes adjusted EBIT ). EBIT, a non-GAAP financial measure, is calculated by adding interest expense and income tax expense to net earnings attributable to controlling interest. Adjusted EBIT excludes impairment and restructuring expense (income), but may also exclude other items, as described below, that management believes are not reflective of, and thus should not be included when evaluating the performance of our ongoing operations. Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP financial measure and is used by management to evaluate operating performance, engage in financial and operational planning and determine incentive compensation because we believe that this financial measure provides additional perspective on the performance of our ongoing operations. Additionally, management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors because they allow for meaningful comparisons and analysis of trends in our businesses and enable investors to evaluate operations and future prospects in the same manner as management. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of net earnings attributable to controlling interest to adjusted EBIT: 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Net earnings attributable to controlling interest 

256.5 

379.4 

Interest expense, net 

26.8 

31.3 

Income tax expense 

76.2 

115.0 

EBIT 

359.5 

525.7 

Impairment of long-lived assets (1) 

2.5 

2.0 

Restructuring and other income, net (2) 

(2.7) 

(11.2) 

Separation costs (3) 

24.0 

- 

Pension settlement charge (4) 

4.8 

- 

Loss on sale of investment in ArtiFlex (5) 

16.1 

- 

Sale-leaseback gain in equity income (6) 

(2.1) 

Adjusted EBIT 

402.1 

516.5 

(1) Impairment charges are excluded because they do not occur in the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations, are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount, and are non-cash, so their exclusion facilitates the comparison of historical, current and forecasted financial results. Excludes the impact of the noncontrolling interests. 

(2) Restructuring activities consist of established programs that are not part of our ongoing operations, such as divestitures, closing or consolidating facilities, employee severance (including rationalizing headcount or other significant changes in personnel), and realignment of existing operations (including changes to management structure in response to underlying performance and/or changing market conditions). Excludes the impact of the noncontrolling interests. 

(3) Reflects direct and incremental costs incurred in connection with the anticipated tax-free spin-off of our Steel Processing business, including audit, advisory, and legal costs and one-time costs to stand-up separate corporate functions. 

(4) During the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we completed the pension lift-out transaction to transfer a portion of the total projected benefit obligation of The Gerstenslager Company Bargaining Unit Employees Pension Plan to a third-party insurance company, resulting in a non-cash settlement charge of 4.8 million to accelerate a portion of the overall deferred pension cost. 

(5) On August 3, 2022, we sold our 50 noncontrolling equity investment in ArtiFlex, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 16.1 million in equity income related to the sale. 

(6) During the three months ended May 31, 2023, our unconsolidated engineered cabs joint venture, Workhorse, recognized a pre-tax gain of 10.3 million related to a sale-leaseback transaction. Our portion of this gain, which is recorded in equity income, was 2.1 million. 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 

The following table provides a summary of adjusted EBIT by reportable segment, along with the respective percentage of the total of each reportable segment. 

of Adjusted 

of Adjusted 

Increase/ 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

EBIT 

2022 

EBIT 

(Decrease) 

Steel Processing 

121.7 

30.3 

203.3 

39.4 

(81.6) 

Consumer Products 

78.0 

19.4 

94.3 

18.3 

(16.3) 

Building Products 

204.6 

50.9 

216.6 

41.9 

(12.0) 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

0.9 

0.2 

(6.3) 

(1.2) 

7.2 

Other 

(3.1) 

(0.8) 

8.6 

1.7 

(11.7) 

Total Adjusted EBIT 

402.1 

100.0 

516.5 

100.0 

(114.4) 

Steel Processing Adjusted EBIT was down 81.6 million from fiscal 2022 to 121.7 million in fiscal 2023, due to a 75.4 million decline in operating income and a 22.1 million decline in equity income from Serviacero Worthington, as lower average steel prices reduced spreads. Excluding impairment and restructuring activity, operating income was down 66.1 million from fiscal 2022 driven primarily by higher manufacturing expenses and the impact of lower overall volume, which reduced operating income by a combined 61.6 million. Direct spreads were down 5.9 million and include an estimated 70.5 million unfavorable swing related to estimated inventory holding losses of 48.7 million in fiscal 2023 compared to estimated inventory holding gains of 21.9 million in fiscal 2022. 

Consumer Products Adjusted EBIT was down 16.3 million from fiscal 2022 to 78.0 million in fiscal 2023, as the favorable impact of higher average selling prices was more than offset by lower volumes and higher input and production costs, including 2.7 million of incremental material cost related to Level5 inventory that was written-up to fair value at acquisition. Adjusted EBIT was also negatively impacted by 4.4 million of higher SG A, excluding the impact of the Level5 acquisition, primarily due to inflationary pressure on wages and benefits and higher advertising expense. 

Building Products Adjusted EBIT decreased 12.0 million from fiscal 2022 to 204.6 million in fiscal 2023, primarily due to a 10.1 million decline in equity income, driven by lower volumes at ClarkDietrich that yielded an 8.6 million lower contribution compared to fiscal 2022. 

Sustainable Energy Solutions Adjusted EBIT was 0.9 million in fiscal 2023, favorable by 7.2 million to fiscal 2022, driven by higher average selling prices, partially offset by higher input and production costs. 

Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 
 
 For a comparison of our results of operations for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, see Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Fiscal 2022 Compared to Fiscal 2021 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, filed with the SEC on August 1, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 During fiscal 2023, we generated 625.4 million of cash from operating activities, invested 86.4 million in property, plant and equipment, spent 56.1 million to acquire Level5, and generated net cash proceeds of 35.7 million from the sale of assets, as well as 35.8 million from the sale of our 50 noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex. Additionally, we repaid 45.2 million of short-term borrowings and paid dividends of 59.2 million on the common shares. The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows for each of the prior three fiscal years. 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

625.4 

70.1 

274.4 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 

(71.8) 

(438.2) 

468.5 

Net cash used by financing activities 

(133.1) 

(237.7) 

(249.8) 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

420.5 

(605.8) 

493.1 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

34.5 

640.3 

147.2 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

455.0 

34.5 

640.3 

36 
 
 Table of Contents 

We believe we have access to adequate resources to meet the needs of our existing businesses for normal operating costs, mandatory capital expenditures, debt redemptions, dividend payments, and working capital, to the extent not funded by cash provided by operating activities, for at least 12 months and for the foreseeable future thereafter. These resources include cash and cash equivalents and unused committed lines of credit. These committed lines of credit had a total of 500 million of borrowing capacity available to be drawn as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Although we do not currently anticipate a need, we believe that we could access the financial markets to be in a position to sell long-term debt or equity securities. However, the continuation of soft economic conditions and an uncertain interest rate environment could create volatility in the financial markets, which may impact our ability to access capital and the terms under which we can do so. During fiscal 2023, the financial markets experienced disruption due to certain bank failures. Given the diversification and credit profile of our exposure to bank counterparties, we do not foresee any material financial impact from this disruption. We will continue to monitor the economic environment and its impact on our operations and liquidity needs. 
 
 We routinely monitor current operational requirements, financial market conditions, and credit relationships and we may choose to seek additional capital by issuing new debt and/or equity securities to strengthen our liquidity or capital structure. We are also in the process of evaluating our post-Separation capital structure. Should we seek additional capital, there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain such additional capital on terms acceptable to us, if at all, and such additional equity or debt financing could dilute the interests of our existing shareholders and/or increase our interest costs. We may also from time to time seek to retire or repurchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases, in open-market purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved in any such transaction may or may not be material. On June 29, 2023, we redeemed in full our 2026 Notes. The redemption price approximated the par value of debt of 243.6 million plus accrued interest. See Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Our business is cyclical and cash flows from operating activities may fluctuate during the year and from year to year due to economic and industry conditions. We rely on cash and short-term borrowings to meet cyclical increases in working capital needs. These needs generally rise during periods of increased economic activity or increasing raw material prices, requiring higher levels of inventory and accounts receivable. During economic slowdowns or periods of decreasing raw material costs, working capital needs generally decrease as a result of the reduction of inventories and accounts receivable. Falling steel prices during fiscal 2023 led to a 152.8 million decrease in operating working capital (accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable) at May 31, 2023. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 625.4 million during fiscal 2023 compared to 70.1 million in fiscal 2022, an increase of 555.3 million. The increase was primarily due to a 410.4 million change in operating working capital requirements in fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, mainly driven by fluctuations in steel prices, which rose in 2022, then decreased in 2023. The remaining increase over fiscal 2022 was driven by higher cash dividends from our unconsolidated joint ventures, which were up 140.8 million. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used by investing activities was 71.8 million during fiscal 2023 compared to net cash used by investing activities of 438.2 million in fiscal 2022. Net cash used by investing activities in fiscal 2023 resulted from the purchase of the Level5 business on June 2, 2022, for 56.1 million, net of cash acquired, and capital expenditures of 86.4 million, partially offset by combined cash proceeds of 71.3 million from the sale of our 50 noncontrolling equity investment in ArtiFlex, and the sale of our WSP Jackson, Michigan facility and other long-lived assets. Net cash used by investing activities in fiscal 2022 resulted primarily from cash used to acquire certain assets of the Shiloh Industries Shiloh U.S. BlankLight business on June 8, 2021, for 104.5 million and Tempel on December 1, 2021 for 272.2 million, and capital expenditures of 94.6 million. 

37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Capital expenditures reflect cash used for investment in property, plant and equipment and is presented below by reportable segment (this information excludes cash flows related to acquisition and divestiture activity) for each of the prior three fiscal years: 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Steel Processing 

45.1 

35.9 

28.3 

Consumer Products 

13.6 

13.4 

13.3 

Building Products 

17.8 

31.1 

22.7 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

6.5 

6.4 

8.7 

Other 

3.4 

7.8 

9.2 

Total Capital Expenditures 

86.4 

94.6 

82.2 

Investment activities are largely discretionary and future investment activities could be reduced significantly, or eliminated, as economic conditions warrant. We assess acquisition opportunities as they arise, and any such opportunities may require additional financing. However, there can be no assurance that any such opportunities will arise, that any such acquisition opportunities will be consummated, or that any needed additional financing will be available on satisfactory terms if required. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used by financing activities was 133.1 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 237.7 million in fiscal 2022. The change was primarily due to 45.2 million of net repayments of short-term borrowings in fiscal 2023 and the repurchase of 3.2 million of common shares at a cost of 180.2 million in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Long-term debt Our senior unsecured long-term debt is rated investment grade by both Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard Poor s Ratings Group. We typically use the net proceeds from long-term debt for acquisitions, refinancing of outstanding debt, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. As of May 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants in our long-term debt agreements. Our long-term debt agreements do not include ratings triggers or material adverse change provisions. 
 
 Short-term borrowings Our short-term debt agreements do not include ratings triggers or material adverse change provisions. As of May 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants in our short-term debt agreements. 
 
 We maintain a 500.0 million multi-year revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with a group of lenders that matures in August 2026. Borrowings under the Credit Facility have maturities of up to one year. We have the option to borrow at rates equal to an applicable margin over the Simple SOFR, the Prime Rate of PNC Bank, National Association, or the Overnight Bank Funding Rate. The applicable margin is determined by our credit rating. There were no borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility at May 31, 2023. 
 
 As discussed in Note H Guarantees, we had in place 14.1 million in outstanding letters of credit for third-party beneficiaries as of May 31, 2023. No amounts were drawn against these outstanding letters of credit at May 31, 2023, and the fair value of these guarantee instruments, based on premiums paid, was not material. 
 
 On May 19, 2022, we entered into the AR Facility allowing us to borrow up to 175.0 million. Pursuant to the terms of the AR Facility, certain of our subsidiaries were to sell or contribute all of their eligible accounts receivable and other related assets without recourse, on a revolving basis, to Worthington Receivables Company WRC ), a wholly-owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote indirect subsidiary. In turn, WRC was to sell, on a revolving basis, up to 175.0 million of undivided ownership interests in this pool of accounts receivable to a third-party bank. We were to retain an undivided interest in this pool and were to be subject to risk of loss based on the collectability of the receivables from this retained interest. Because the amount eligible to be sold was to exclude receivables more than 120 days past due, receivables offset by an allowance for doubtful accounts due to bankruptcy or other cause, concentrations over certain limits with specific customers and certain reserve amounts, we believed additional risk of loss would be minimal. As of May 31, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the AR Facility, leaving 175.0 million then available for use. On June 29, 2023, we terminated the AR Facility as it was no longer needed. No early termination or other similar fees or penalties were paid in connection with the termination of the AR Facility. 
 
 Common shares During fiscal 2023, we declared dividends totaling 1.24 per common share at a quarterly rate of 0.31 per common share. During fiscal 2022, we declared dividends totaling 1.12 per common share at a quarterly rate of 0.28 per common share. Dividends paid on the common shares totaled 59.2 million in fiscal 2023 compared to 57.2 million during fiscal 2022. On June 28, 2023, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of 0.32 per common share for the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The dividend is payable on September 29, 2023 to shareholders of record on September 15, 2023. 
 
 On March 20, 2019, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to 6.6 million of the common shares. 
 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 

On March 24, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional 5.6 million of the common shares, increasing the total number of common shares then authorized for repurchase to 10.0 million. The total number of common shares available for repurchase under these authorizations at May 31, 2023 was 6.1 million. 
 
 These common shares may be repurchased from time to time, with consideration given to the market price of the common shares, the nature of other investment opportunities, cash flows from operations, general economic conditions and other relevant considerations. Repurchases may be made on the open market or through privately-negotiated transactions. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 We currently have no material contractual or regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends. Dividends are declared at the discretion of the Board. The Board reviews the dividend quarterly and establishes the dividend rate based upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, current and projected cash flows, business prospects and other relevant factors. While we have paid a dividend every quarter since becoming a public company in 1968, there is no guarantee that payments of dividends will continue in the future. 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 
 In June 2016, amended accounting guidance was issued related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. The amended accounting guidance changes the impairment model for most financial assets to require measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. The amended accounting guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Our adoption of this new accounting standard update in fiscal 2021 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Additionally, there have been no changes to our significant accounting policies as disclosed in this Form 10-K as a result of the adoption of this new accounting guidance. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 We do not believe that compliance with environmental laws has or will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, future results of operations or financial position or competitive position. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These results form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Critical accounting policies are defined as those that reflect our significant judgments and uncertainties that could potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions and conditions. Although actual results historically have not deviated significantly from those determined using our estimates, as discussed below, our consolidated financial position or results of operations could be materially different if we were to report under different conditions or to use different assumptions in the application of such policies. The following accounting estimates are considered to be the most critical to us, as these are the primary areas where financial information is subject to our estimates, assumptions and judgment in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 See Note A Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our significant accounting policies. 

39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Impairment of Indefinite-Lived Long-Lived Assets: 
 
 Critical estimate : Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually, during the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may be present. Application of goodwill impairment testing involves judgment, including but not limited to, the identification of reporting units and estimation of the fair value of each reporting unit. A reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. With the exception of Steel Processing, we test goodwill at the operating segment level as we have determined that the characteristics of the reporting units within each operating segment are similar and allow for their aggregation in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. Steel Processing is comprised of three reporting units: Flat Rolled Steel Processing, Electrical Steel and Laser Welding. 
 
 For goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets, we test for impairment by first evaluating qualitative factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and overall financial performance. If there are no concerns raised from this evaluation, no further testing is performed. If, however, our qualitative analysis indicates it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than the carrying amount, a quantitative analysis is performed. The quantitative analysis compares the fair value of each reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset to the respective carrying amount, and an impairment loss is recognized in our consolidated statements of earnings equivalent to the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value. 
 
 Assumptions and judgments : When performing a qualitative assessment, judgment is required when considering relevant events and circumstances that could affect the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset or reporting unit to which goodwill is assigned. Management considers whether events and circumstances such as a change in strategic direction and changes in business climate would impact the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset or reporting unit to which goodwill is assigned. If a quantitative analysis is required, assumptions are required to estimate the fair value to compare against the carrying value. Significant assumptions that form the basis of fair value can include discount rates, underlying forecast assumptions, and royalty rates. These assumptions are forward looking and can be affected by future economic and market conditions. Our qualitative review for fiscal 2023 did not indicate any impairment. 
 
 Impairment of Definite-Lived Long-Lived Assets : 
 
 Critical estimate : We review the carrying value of our long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Impairment testing involves a comparison of the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group to its respective carrying amount. If the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows exceeds the carrying amount, then no impairment exists. If the carrying amount exceeds the sum of the undiscounted future cash flows, then a second step is performed to determine the amount of impairment, if any, to be recognized. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 
 Assumptions and judgments : When performing the comparison of the sum of the undiscounted cash flows of the asset or asset group to its respective carrying amount, judgment is required when forming the basis for underlying cash flow forecast assumptions. If the second step of the impairment test is required, assumptions are required to estimate the fair value to compare against the carrying value. Significant assumptions that form the basis of fair value can include discount rates, underlying forecast assumptions, and royalty rates. These assumptions are forward looking and can be affected by future economic and market conditions. 

40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Critical estimate : In accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance, we account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. The asset and liability method requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for expected future tax consequences of temporary differences that currently exist between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of our assets and liabilities. We evaluate the deferred tax assets to determine whether it is more likely than not that some, or a portion, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, and provide a valuation allowance as appropriate. Changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly impact the estimate of our tax liabilities. 
 
 Assumptions and judgments: Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. In accordance with accounting literature related to uncertainty in income taxes, tax benefits from uncertain tax positions that are recognized in our consolidated financial statements are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We have reserves for income taxes and associated interest and penalties that may become payable in future years as a result of audits by taxing authorities. It is our policy to record these in income tax expense. While we believe the positions taken on previously filed tax returns are appropriate, we have established the tax and interest reserves in recognition that various taxing authorities may challenge our positions. These reserves are analyzed periodically, and adjustments are made as events occur to warrant adjustment to the reserves, such as lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, conclusion of tax audits, additional exposure based on current calculations, identification of new issues, and release of administrative guidance or court decisions affecting a particular tax issue. We have provided for the amounts we believe will ultimately result from these changes; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. Such differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. See Note N Income Taxes for further information. 
 
 Employee Pension Plans: 
 
 Critical estimate : Defined benefit pension and other post-employment benefit OPEB plan obligations are remeasured at least annually as of May 31 based on the present value of projected future benefit payments for all participants for services rendered to date. The measurement of projected future benefits is dependent on the provisions of each specific plan, demographics of the group covered by the plan, and other key measurement assumptions. The funded status of these benefit plans, which represents the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets, is calculated on a plan-by-plan basis. The benefit obligation and related funded status are determined using assumptions as of the end of each fiscal year. Net periodic benefit cost is included in other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of earnings, except for the service cost component, which is recorded in SG A expense. 
 
 Assumptions and judgements : Certain key actuarial assumptions critical to the pension and post-retirement accounting estimates include expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates, projected health care cost trend rates, cost of living adjustments, and mortality rates. In developing future long-term return expectations for our benefit plans assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment. We evaluate general market trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, inflation, valuations, yields, and spreads. We also consider expected volatility by asset class and diversification across classes to determine expected overall portfolio results given current and target allocations. Net periodic benefit costs, including service cost, interest cost, and expected return on assets, are determined using assumptions regarding the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets as of the beginning of each fiscal year. 
 
 Holding all other factors constant, a decrease in the discount rate by 0.25 percentage points would have increased the projected benefit obligation at May 31, 2023 by approximately 2.7 million. Also, holding all other factors constant, a decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets by 0.25 percentage points would have increased fiscal 2023 pension expense by approximately 0.2 million. 
 
 Business Combinations: 
 
 Critical estimate : We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities requires significant judgments and estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. For the valuation of intangible assets acquired in a business combination, we typically use an income approach. The purchase price allocated to the intangible assets is based on unobservable assumptions, inputs and estimates, including but not limited to, forecasted revenue growth rates, projected expenses, discount rates, customer attrition rates, royalty rates, and useful lives, among others. 

41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Assumptions and judgements : Significant assumptions, which vary by the class of asset or liability are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. We engage third-party valuation specialists who review our critical assumptions and prepare the calculation of the fair value of acquired intangible assets in connection with significant business combinations. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which is up to one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualita tive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 In the normal course of business, we are exposed to various market risks. We continually monitor these risks and regularly develop appropriate strategies to manage them. Accordingly, from time to time, we may enter into certain financial and commodity-based derivative financial instruments. These instruments are used primarily to mitigate market exposure. Refer to Note R Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities in the accompanying audited financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates primarily as a result of our borrowing and investing activities to maintain liquidity and fund operations. The nature and amount of our long-term and short-term debt can be expected to fluctuate as a result of business requirements, market conditions and other factors. We manage exposures to interest rates using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt. We use interest rate swap instruments to manage our exposure to interest rate movements. 
 
 We entered into an interest rate swap in June 2017, in anticipation of the issuance of 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due August 1, 2032 (the 2032 Notes ). Refer to Note I Debt and Receivables Securitization for additional information regarding the 2032 Notes. The interest rate swap had a notional amount of 150.0 million to hedge the risk of changes in the semi-annual interest rate payments attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate during the several days leading up to the issuance of the 15-year fixed-rate debt. Upon pricing of the 2032 Notes, the derivative financial instrument was settled resulting in a gain of approximately 3.1 million, which was reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in our consolidated statements of equity and will be recognized in earnings, as a decrease to interest expense, over the life of the related 2032 Notes. 
 
 We entered into an interest rate swap in March 2014, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2026 Notes. Refer to Note I Debt and Receivables Securitization for additional information regarding the 2026 Notes. The interest rate swap had a notional amount of 150.0 million to hedge the risk of changes in the semi-annual interest payments attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate during the several days leading up to the issuance of the 12-year fixed-rate debt. Upon pricing of the 2026 Notes, the derivative financial instrument was settled and resulted in a loss of approximately 3.1 million, a significant portion of which was reflected within accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) AOCI in our consolidated statements of equity and will be recognized in earnings, as an increase to interest expense, over the life of the related 2026 Notes. On July 28, 2023, we redeemed the 2026 Notes in full and released the then remaining amount deferred in AOCI associated with this interest rate swap. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 
 The translation of foreign currencies into U.S. dollars subjects us to exposure related to fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. Derivative financial instruments are not used to manage this risk; however, we do make use of forward contracts to manage exposure to certain intercompany loans with our foreign affiliates as well as exposure to transactions denominated in a currency other than the related foreign affiliate s local currency. Such forward contracts limit exposure to both favorable and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. At May 31, 2023, the difference between the contract and book value of these forward contracts was not material to our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. A 10 change in the foreign currency exchange rate to the U.S. dollar forward rate is not expected to materially impact our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. A sensitivity analysis of changes in the U.S. dollar exchange rate on these foreign currency-denominated contracts indicates that if the U.S. dollar uniformly weakened by 10 against all of these foreign currency exposures, the fair value of these forward contracts would not be materially impacted. Any resulting changes in fair value would be offset by changes in the underlying hedged balance sheet position. A sensitivity analysis of changes in the foreign currency exchange rates of our foreign locations indicates that a 10 increase in those rates would not have materially impacted our net results. The sensitivity analysis assumes a uniform shift in all foreign currency exchange rates. The assumption that foreign currency exchange rates change in uniformity may overstate the impact of changing foreign currency exchange rates on assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency. 

42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 We are exposed to market risk for price fluctuations on purchases of steel, natural gas, copper, zinc and other raw materials as well as our utility requirements. We attempt to negotiate the best prices for commodities and to competitively price products and services to reflect the fluctuations in market prices. Derivative financial instruments have been used to manage a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in the cost of certain commodities, including steel, natural gas, zinc, copper and other raw materials. These contracts covered periods commensurate with known or expected exposures throughout fiscal 2023. The derivative financial instruments were executed with highly rated financial institutions. No credit loss is anticipated. 
 
 A sensitivity analysis of changes in the price of hedged commodities indicates that a 10 decline in the market prices of steel, zinc, copper, natural gas or any combination of these would not have a material impact to the value of our hedges or our reported results. 
 
 The fair values of our outstanding derivative positions at May 31, 2023 and 2022 are summarized below. Fair values of these derivative financial instruments do not consider the offsetting impact of the underlying hedged item. 

(In millions) 
 
 2023 

2022 

Commodity contracts 

(13.2) 

3.9 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 

- 

(0.3) 

Total Derivative Financial Instruments 

(13.2) 

3.6 

Safe Harbor 
 
 Quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk include forward-looking statements with respect to management s opinion about risks associated with the use of derivative financial instruments. These statements are based on certain assumptions with respect to market prices and industry supply of, and demand for, steel products and certain raw materials. To the extent these assumptions prove to be inaccurate, future outcomes with respect to hedging programs may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statem ents and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

ITEM 
 PAGE 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 45 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 49 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 50 

Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 51 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 52 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 53 

Note A - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 53 

Note B - Revenue Recognition 
 58 

Note C - Investment in Nikola 
 59 

Note D - Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates 
 59 

Note E - Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 62 

Note F - Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net 
 64 

Note G - Contingent Liabilities and Commitments 
 65 

Note H - Guarantees 
 65 

Note I - Debt and Receivables Securitization 
 65 

Note J - Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 67 

Note K - Equity 
 68 

Note L - Stock-Based Compensation 
 68 

Note M - Employee Pension Plans 
 72 

Note N - Income Taxes 
 77 

Note O - Earnings Per Share 
 80 

Note P - Segment Data 
 80 

Note Q - Acquisitions 
 84 

Note R - Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 89 

Note S - Fair Value Measurements 
 93 

Note T - Leases 
 94 

Note U - Related Party Transactions 
 95 

Note V - Subsequent Events 
 95 

44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Worthington Industries, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Worthington Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated July 31, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Qualitative goodwill assessment of the Consumer Products reporting unit 
 
 As discussed in Notes A and E to the consolidated financial statements, the goodwill balance as of May 31, 2023 was 414,820 thousand, of which 257,320 thousand related to the Consumer Products reporting unit. The Company performs goodwill impairment testing on an annual basis, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may be present. The Company tests for impairment by first evaluating qualitative factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and overall financial performance. If there are no potential impairments raised from this evaluation, no further testing is performed. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the qualitative goodwill impairment assessment of the Consumer Products reporting unit (reporting unit) as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate management s identification of potential triggering events, including industry and market conditions and overall financial performance of the reporting unit. Changes in these factors could have a significant effect on the reporting unit s qualitative impairment assessment and determination of whether a triggering event occurred. 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the goodwill impairment process, including a control related to the identification of potential triggering events in the reporting unit. We analyzed whether there had been significant adverse changes in the industry and market conditions or in the reporting unit s overall financial performance that would indicate a potential triggering event had occurred by reading certain publicly available information and industry reports and analyzing the Company s market capitalization. We additionally evaluated the overall financial performance of the reporting unit by comparing actual revenue growth to the projected revenues used in previous impairment assessments 
 
 /s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2001. 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands) 

May 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Receivables, less allowances of and at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively 

Inventories: 

Raw materials 

Work in process 

Finished products 

Total inventories 

Income taxes receivable 

Assets held for sale 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates 

Operating lease assets 

Goodwill 

Other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively 

Other assets 

Property, plant and equipment: 

Land 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Total property, plant and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Total assets 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

May 31, 

2023 

2022 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Short-term borrowings 

Accrued compensation, contributions to employee benefit plans and related taxes 

Dividends payable 

Other accrued items 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Income taxes payable 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Distributions in excess of investment in unconsolidated affiliate 

Long-term debt 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' equity - controlling interest: 

Preferred shares, without par value ; authorized - shares; issued and outstanding - 
 
 - 

- 

Common shares, without par value; authorized - shares; issued and outstanding, 2023 - shares, 2022 - shares 
 
 - 

- 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes of and at May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively 
 
 () 

() 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders' equity - controlling interest 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATE MENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (In thousands, except per common share amounts) 

Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross margin 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Restructuring and other (income) expense, net 
 
 () 

() 

Separation costs 

- 

- 

Incremental expenses related to Nikola gains 
 
 - 

- 

Operating income 

Other income (expense): 

Miscellaneous income (expense), net 
 
 () 

Interest expense, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates 

Gains on investment in Nikola 
 
 - 

- 

Earnings before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net earnings 

Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net earnings attributable to controlling interest 

Basic 

Average common shares outstanding 

Earnings per common share attributable to controlling interest 

Diluted 

Average common shares outstanding 

Earnings per common share attributable to controlling interest 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net earnings 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation, net of tax 
 
 () 

() 

Pension liability adjustment, net of tax 

Cash flow hedges, net of tax 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

Comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income attributable to controlling interest 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per common share amounts) 

Controlling Interest 

Accumulated 

Other 

Additional 

Comprehensive 

Common Shares 

Paid-in 

Income (Loss), 

Retained 

Noncontrolling 

(In thousands) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Net of Tax 

Earnings 

Total 

Interests 

Total 

Balance at May 31, 2020 

- 

() 

Net earnings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common shares issued, net of withholding tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Theoretical common shares in non-qualified deferred compensation plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Partner contribution to Samuel 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Repurchases and retirement of common shares 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Dividends to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2021 

- 

Net earnings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Common shares issued, net of withholding tax 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Theoretical common shares in non-qualified deferred compensation plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Repurchases and retirement of common shares 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Purchase of noncontrolling interest in Worthington Taylor, LLC 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2022 

- 

() 

Net earnings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Common shares issued, net of withholding tax 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Theoretical common shares in non-qualified deferred compensation plans 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Workhorse adoption of ASC 842 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Dividends to noncontrolling interests 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Cash dividends declared per common share 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2023 

- 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements 
 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Operating activities: 

Net earnings 

Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

Provision for (benefit from) deferred income taxes 
 
 () 

Bad debt expense (income) 

() 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates, net of distributions 

() 

() 

Net (gain) loss on sale of assets 
 
 () 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Gains on investment in Nikola 
 
 - 

- 

() 

Charitable contribution of Nikola shares 
 
 - 

- 

Changes in assets and liabilities, net of impact of acquisitions: 

Receivables 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 
 
 () 

Accrued compensation and employee benefits 
 
 () 

() 

Income taxes payable 

() 

Other operating items, net 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing activities: 

Investment in property, plant and equipment 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Investment in non-marketable equity securities 
 
 () 

- 

- 

Purchase of noncontrolling interest in Worthington Taylor, LLC 
 
 - 

() 

- 

Acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net proceeds from sale of investment in ArtiFlex 

- 

- 

Proceeds from sale of assets, net of selling costs 

Proceeds from sale of Nikola shares 
 
 - 

- 

Net cash provided (used) by investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

Financing activities: 

Net proceeds from (repayments of) short-term borrowings, net of issuance costs 
 
 () 

- 

Principal payments on long-term debt 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net of tax withholdings 
 
 () 

() 

Payments to noncontrolling interests 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Repurchase of common shares 
 
 - 

() 

() 

Dividends paid 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash used by financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Fiscal Years Ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per common share amounts) 
 joint ventures: Spartan ), TWB ), and Samuel ). We also own a controlling interest in WSP, which became a non-operating joint venture on October 31, 2022, when its remaining net assets were sold. See Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information. These joint ventures are consolidated with the equity owned by the other joint venture members shown as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated balance sheets, and their portions of net earnings and OCI shown as net earnings or comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of earnings and comprehensive income, respectively. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates are accounted for using the equity method with our proportionate share of income or loss recognized within equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates equity income in our consolidated statements of earnings. See further discussion of our unconsolidated affiliates in Note D Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates. The Proposed Separation of the Steel Processing Business: On September 29, 2022, we announced that the Board approved the Separation, a plan to pursue a separation into two independent, publicly-traded companies one company, Worthington Steel, is expected to be comprised of our Steel Processing operating segment, and the other company, New Worthington, is expected to be comprised of our Consumer Products, Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions operating segments. We plan to effect the Separation via a distribution of common shares of Worthington Steel, which is expected to be tax-free to shareholders of Worthington Industries for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Separation transaction is expected to be completed by early 2024, but is subject to certain conditions, including, among other things, general market conditions, finalization of the capital structure of the two companies, completion of steps necessary to qualify the Separation as a tax-free transaction, receipt of regulatory approvals and final approval from the Board. Direct and incremental costs incurred in connection with the anticipated Separation, including audit, advisory, and legal costs, are presented separately in our consolidated statements of earnings as Separation costs. Separation costs totaled during fiscal 2023. Minority buy-out of Worthington Taylor: On May 2, 2022, we purchased the noncontrolling interest in Worthington Taylor, LLC Worthington Taylor from a subsidiary of U.S. Steel which also owns the noncontrolling interest in WSP. The purchase price for the noncontrolling interest in Worthington Taylor, the entity which owned the assets of WSP s Taylor, Michigan facility, was . As a result of this transaction, Worthington Taylor became one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Due to our then existing controlling interest in the assets, the transaction was accounted for within equity. 

derivative financial instruments that do not qualify for hedge accounting is determined based on the underlying intent of the instruments. Cash flows related to derivative financial instruments are generally classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. In order for hedging relationships to qualify for hedge accounting under current accounting guidance, we formally document each hedging relationship and its risk management objective. Derivative financial instruments are executed only with highly-rated counterparties. credit loss is anticipated on existing instruments, and no material credit losses have been experienced to date. We monitor our positions, as well as the credit ratings of counterparties to those positions. We discontinue hedge accounting when it is determined that a derivative financial instrument is no longer highly effective in offsetting the hedged risk, expires or is sold, is terminated or is no longer designated as a hedging instrument because it is unlikely that a forecasted transaction will occur or we determine that designation as a hedging instrument is no longer appropriate. In all situations in which hedge accounting is discontinued and the derivative financial instrument is retained, we continue to carry the derivative financial instrument at its fair value on our consolidated balance sheet and recognize any subsequent changes in its fair value in net earnings immediately. When it is probable that a forecasted transaction will not occur, we discontinue hedge accounting and immediately recognize the gains and losses that were accumulated in AOCI. Refer to Note R Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities for additional information regarding our consolidated balance sheet location and the risk classification of our derivative financial instruments. 
 manufacturing facilities worldwide, principally in operating segments, which corresponded with our reportable operating segments: Steel Processing, Consumer Products, Building Products, and Sustainable Energy Solutions. We also held equity positions in seven operating joint ventures, which operated manufacturing facilities worldwide, as of May 31, 2023. Our largest end market is the automotive industry, which comprised of our consolidated net sales in each of fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021. Our international operations represented , , and of our consolidated net sales and an insignificant portion of our consolidated net earnings attributable to controlling interest in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively, and and of our consolidated net assets as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. As of May 31, 2023, approximately of our consolidated labor force was represented by collective bargaining units, all of which are located in jurisdictions outside of the U.S. where collective bargaining arrangements are customary. The concentration of credit risks from financial instruments related to the markets we serve is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, cash flows or future results of operations. In fiscal 2023, our largest customer accounted for approximately of our consolidated net sales, and our largest customers accounted for approximately of our consolidated net sales. In fiscal 2022, our largest customer accounted for slightly less than of our consolidated net sales, and our largest customers accounted for approximately of our consolidated net sales. A significant loss of, or decrease in, business from any of these customers could have an adverse effect on our consolidated net sales and financial results if we were not able to obtain replacement business. Also, due to consolidation within the industries we serve, including the construction, automotive and retail industries, our sales may be increasingly sensitive to deterioration in the financial condition of, or other adverse developments with respect to, one or more of our largest customers. Our principal raw material is flat-rolled steel, which we purchase from multiple primary steel producers. The steel industry as a whole has been cyclical, and at times availability and pricing can be volatile due to a number of factors beyond our control. This volatility can significantly affect our steel costs. In an environment of increasing prices for steel and other raw materials, in general, competitive conditions or contractual obligations may impact how much of the price increases we can pass on to our customers. To the extent we are unable to pass on future price increases in our raw materials to our customers, our financial results could be adversely affected. Also, if steel prices decrease, in general, competitive conditions or contractual obligations may impact how quickly we must reduce our prices to our customers, and we could be forced to use higher-priced raw materials to complete orders for which the selling prices have decreased, which results in inventory holding losses. Declining steel prices could also require us to write-down the value of our inventories to reflect current net realizable value. Further, the number of suppliers has decreased in recent years due to industry consolidation and the financial difficulties of certain suppliers, and consolidation may continue. Accordingly, if delivery from a major steel supplier is disrupted, it may be more difficult to obtain an alternative supply than in the past. 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts is used to record the estimated risk of loss related to our customers inability to pay. This allowance is maintained at a level that we consider appropriate based on factors that affect collectability, such as the financial health of our customers, historical trends of charge-offs and recoveries and current economic and market conditions. As we monitor our receivables, we identify customers that may have payment problems, and we adjust the allowance accordingly, with the offset to SG A expense. Account balances are charged off against the allowance when recovery is considered remote. The allowance for doubtful accounts increased during fiscal 2023 to . While we believe our allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate, changes in economic conditions, the financial health of customers and bankruptcy settlements could impact our future earnings. If the economic environment and market conditions deteriorate, particularly in the automotive and construction end markets where our exposure is greatest, additional reserves may be required. 
 to and machinery and equipment over to . Depreciation expense was , and during fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 , respectively. Accelerated depreciation methods are used for income tax purposes. 

to of invoicing, which generally occurs upon shipment or delivery of the goods. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction, that we collect from a customer, are excluded from revenue. Certain contracts with customers include warranties associated with the delivered goods or services. These warranties are not considered to be separate performance obligations, and accordingly, we record an estimated liability for potential warranty costs as the goods or services are transferred. With the exception of toll processing revenue in Steel Processing, we recognize revenue at the point in time the performance obligation is satisfied and control of the product is transferred to the customer upon shipment or delivery. Generally, we receive and acknowledge purchase orders from our customers, which define the quantity, pricing, payment and other applicable terms and conditions. In some cases, we receive a blanket purchase order from our customers, which includes pricing, payment and other terms and conditions, with quantities defined at the time each customer subsequently issues periodic releases against the blanket purchase order. Toll processing revenues are recognized over time and are primarily measured using the cost-to-cost method, which we believe best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. Under the cost-to-cost method, the extent of progress towards completion is measured based on the ratio of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs expected upon satisfying the identified performance obligation. Revenues are recorded proportionally as costs are incurred. We have elected to not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less. Certain contracts contain variable consideration, which is not constrained, and primarily include estimated sales returns, customer rebates, and sales discounts which are recorded on an expected value basis. These estimates are based on historical returns, analysis of credit memo data and other known factors. We account for rebates by recording reductions to revenue for rebates in the same period the related revenue is recorded. The amount of these reductions is based upon the terms agreed to with the customer. We do not exercise significant judgments in determining the timing of satisfaction of performance obligations or the transaction price. Refer to Note B Revenue Recognition for additional information. 
 , , and for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively . 
 Statements of Cash Flows: 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds 

We use the cumulative earnings approach for determining cash flow presentation of distributions from our unconsolidated joint ventures. Distributions received are included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as operating activities, unless the cumulative distributions exceed our portion of the cumulative equity in the net earnings of the joint venture, in which case the excess distributions are deemed to be returns of the investment and are classified as investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Steel Processing 

Direct 

Toll 

Subtotal 

Consumer Products 

Building Products 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

Other 

Oil Gas Equipment 
 
 - 

- 

Engineered Cabs 
 
 - 

- 

Other 
 
 - 

Subtotal 
 
 - 

Total 

Other - certain oil gas contracts 
 
 - 

- 

Total over time revenue 

There were contract assets at either of the dates indicated above. 

(the Effective Date ), Nikola Corporation Nikola became a public company through a reverse merger with a subsidiary of VectoIQ Acquisition Corporation, a NASDAQ-listed, publicly-traded company. Prior to the Effective Date, we held an equity interest in the predecessor company, which was converted to shares of Nikola common stock on the Effective Date. During fiscal 2021, we sold or contributed all of these shares and recognized pre-tax gains of , which were comprised of in cash proceeds and in value from Nikola shares contributed to the Worthington Industries Foundation to establish a charitable endowment focused on the communities in which we operate. We also recognized of incremental expenses in operating income related to Nikola gains consisting of for discretionary profit sharing and bonus expenses and for the charitable contribution of Nikola shares. 

), Serviacero Worthington ), WAVE ), and Workhorse ). On August 3, 2022, we sold our noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex to the unaffiliated joint venture member for net proceeds of approximately , after adjustments for closing debt and final net working capital, resulting in a pre-tax loss of within equity income during fiscal 2023. In a separate but concurrent transaction with the joint venture member, we sold real property with a net book value of . This real property was owned by us and leased to ArtiFlex prior to closing of the transaction. We received distributions from unconsolidated affiliates totaling , , and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. We have received cumulative distributions from WAVE in excess of our investment balance, which resulted in a negative asset balance of and at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, we reclassified the negative balances to other liabilities within our consolidated balance sheets. We will continue to record our equity in the net income of WAVE as a debit to the investment account, and if it becomes positive, it will again be shown as an asset on our consolidated balance sheets. If it becomes probable that any excess distribution may not be returned (upon joint venture liquidation or otherwise), we will recognize any balance classified as a liability as income immediately. 

Other current assets 

Noncurrent assets 

Total assets (1) 

Current liabilities 

Short-term borrowings 
 
 - 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Long-term debt 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Equity 

Total liabilities and equity (1) 

(1) and lease liabilities of . The adoption resulted in a cumulative-effect adjustment of related to a prior sale lease-back transaction recognized under Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840. Our portion of this cumulative effect adjustment was and is recognized in retained earnings on our consolidated balance sheet as of May 31, 2023. The impact of adopting ASC 842 did not have a significant impact on the financial statements of our other unconsolidated affiliates. 

 The following tables presents summarized financial information for our unconsolidated affiliates as of, and for the fiscal years ended May 31. 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net sales 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

Serviacero Worthington 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

Total net sales 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Gross margin 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

Serviacero Worthington 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

() 

Total gross margin 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Operating income (loss) 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

Serviacero Worthington 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

() 

() 

Total operating income 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Depreciation and amortization 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

Serviacero Worthington 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

Total depreciation and amortization 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Interest expense 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

Serviacero Worthington 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

Total interest expense 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

- 

- 

Serviacero Worthington 
 
 () 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

Total income tax expense 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Net earnings (loss) 

WAVE 

ClarkDietrich 

Serviacero Worthington 

ArtiFlex (1) 

Workhorse 

() 

() 

Total net earnings 

(1) noncontrolling equity interest in ArtiFlex. 

At May 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, of our consolidated retained earnings represented undistributed earnings of our unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax. 

Acquisitions and purchase accounting adjustments (2) 

- 

- 

Translation adjustments 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2022 

Acquisitions and purchase accounting adjustments (2) 

() 

- 

- 

Translation adjustments 

() 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2023 

(1) 

 (2) 

There was goodwill associated with the Other segment at May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022 . Accumulated goodwill impairment charges within the Other segment totaled as of each of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. Other Intangible Assets Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, which range from to years. 

- 

- 

In-process research development 

- 

- 

Total indefinite-lived intangible assets 

- 

- 

Definite-lived intangible assets: 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Technology/know-how 

Other 

Total definite-lived intangible assets 

Total intangible assets 

Amortization expense totaled , , and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Fiscal 2023 During fiscal 2023, we committed to separate plans to liquidate certain fixed assets within Steel Processing: (1) idled equipment at the manufacturing facility in Taylor, Michigan; and (2) the net assets of Samuel s toll processing facility in Cleveland, Ohio. As both asset groups have met the criteria for classification as assets held for sale, net assets in the amount of have been presented separately as assets held for sale on our consolidated balance sheet at May 31, 2023. I n accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, the net assets were measured at fair market value less costs to sell, resulting in an overall impairment charge of within Steel Processing during fiscal 2023. Impairment of long-lived assets in fiscal 2023 also included a non-cash charge of related to certain assets associated with a capital project at our Building Products facility in Jefferson, Ohio, that were deemed to have no alternative future use and were written down to their estimated salvage value. Fiscal 2022 During the third quarter of fiscal 2022, management committed to plans to sell certain production equipment at the Samuel facility in Twinsburg, Ohio. As all of the criteria for classification of assets held for sale were met, the net assets were presented separately as assets held for sale on our consolidated balance sheet at May 31, 2022. In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, the net assets were written down to the fair value less costs to sell, resulting in an impairment charge of in fiscal 2022. These assets were subsequently sold in fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2021 Due to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related market softness in the oil gas equipment manufacturing operations in Tulsa, Oklahoma, we tested the long-lived assets consisting of fixed assets and customer list intangible assets with net book values of and , respectively, for impairment. The fair value of the fixed assets was determined to be (using observable Level 2 inputs) resulting in an impairment charge of . Additionally, the customer list intangible assets were deemed to be fully impaired (using unobservable Level 3 inputs) and written off resulting in an impairment of . The future undiscounted cash flows of the cryogenics business primarily operated out of the Theodore, Alabama facility did not support its book value. As a result, property, plant and equipment with an aggregate carrying value of were written down to their estimated fair value of (determined using Level 2 inputs), resulting in an impairment charge of . Additionally, the customer list intangible assets and technology/know-how intangible assets with an aggregate carrying value of were deemed to be fully impaired (using unobservable Level 3 inputs) and written off. These assets were subsequently sold in October 2020 (refer to Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information). We decided to discontinue our operation of the manufacturing line for alternative fuel cylinders at the Jefferson, Ohio facility. As a result, long-lived assets with a carrying value of were written down to their estimated fair market value of (determined using Level 2 inputs), resulting in an impairment charge of . We recognized a impairment charge related to the Superior Tools business that was acquired as part of Magna Industries, Inc. in fiscal 2019 and subsequently sold. 

63 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

- 

Net gain on sale of assets 

() 

Restructuring and other income, net 

() 

During fiscal 2023, the following actions were taken related to our restructuring activities: On June 14, 2022, we sold real property in Tulsa, Oklahoma, for net cash proceeds of , resulting in a pre-tax gain of . These assets had been excluded from the sale of our former oil gas equipment business in January 2021. The assets were classified as assets held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets immediately prior to the closing of the sale. 

 On October 31, 2022, our consolidated steel processing joint venture, WSP, sold its remaining manufacturing facility, located in Jackson, Michigan. Net cash proceeds of were realized in connection with the transaction, of which is being held in escrow for contingent indemnification obligations associated with general representations and warranties. The transaction resulted in a pre-tax gain of . The assets had a net book value of and were classified as assets held for sale on our consolidated balance sheet as of May 31, 2022. 

 The total liability as of May 31, 2023 is expected to be paid in the immediately following twelve months. A progression of the liabilities associated with our restructuring activities, combined with a reconciliation to the restructuring and other income, net financial statement caption in our consolidated statement of earnings for fiscal 2022, is summarized below: 

Beginning 

Expense 

Ending 

(In thousands) 
 
 Balance 

(Income) 

Payments 

Adjustments 

Balance 

Early retirement and severance 

() 

Facility exit and other costs 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Net gain on sale of assets 

() 

Gain on lease buyout 

() 

Restructuring and other income, net 

() 

During fiscal 2022, the following actions were taken related to our restructuring activities: On June 9, 2021, our consolidated joint venture, WSP, sold the remaining assets of its Canton, Michigan, facility with a net book value of for net cash proceeds of , resulting in a pre-tax gain of . 

 During fiscal 2022, we sold real property in Wooster, Ohio and Bremen, Ohio, for combined net cash proceeds of , resulting in aggregate pre-tax gains of . These assets were excluded from the sale of our former oil gas equipment business in January 2021. The combined net book value classified as assets held for sale immediately prior to closing was . 

 We completed our exit of the Decatur, Alabama Steel Processing facility and sold the remaining fixed assets with a net book value of for net cash proceeds of resulting in a pre-tax gain of . 

 On September 10, 2021, we executed an agreement to buy out the remaining term of the operating lease at our fabricated products facility in Stow, Ohio, for , resulting in a pre-tax gain of . This facility was retained in connection with the divestiture of our former Engineered Cabs business and had not been operational since June 2020. All of the other assets of our former Engineered Cabs business that were retained were sold or otherwise written-off prior to fiscal 2022. 

64 
 
 Table of Contents 

at May 31, 2023. Based on current facts and circumstances, we have estimated the likelihood of payment pursuant to this guarantee is not probable and, therefore, no amount has been recognized in our consolidated financial statements. At May 31, 2023, we also had in place of outstanding stand-by letters of credit issued to third-party service providers. The fair value of these guarantee instruments, based on premiums paid, was not material and amounts were drawn against them at May 31, 2023 . 

senior notes due 

senior notes due 

senior notes due 

Series A senior note due 

Series B senior notes due 

Other 

Total debt 

Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total debt, net 

Less: current maturities and short-term borrowings 

Total long-term debt 

2025 

2026 

2027 

- 

2028 

- 

Thereafter 

Total 

Long-Term Debt On August 23, 2019, of our European subsidiaries issued a principal amount unsecured Series A Senior Note due (the Series A Senior Note and aggregate principal amount of unsecured Series B Senior Notes due (the Series B Senior Notes and collectively with the Series A Senior Note, the Senior Notes ). The Series A Senior Note is to be repaid in the principal amount of , together with accrued interest, on , with the remaining principal amount payable on , together with accrued interest. The Series B Senior Notes are to be repaid in the aggregate principal amount of , together with accrued interest, on , with the remaining aggregate principal amount payable on , together with accrued interest. Debt issuance costs of were incurred in connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes and have been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets within long-term debt as a contra-liability. They will continue to be amortized, through interest expense, in our consolidated statements of earnings over the respective terms of the Senior Notes. The unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs were and , at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. On July 28, 2017, we issued the 2032 Notes. The 2032 Notes bear interest at a rate of . The 2032 Notes were sold to the public at of the principal amount thereof, to yield to maturity. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repay amounts then outstanding under our then current revolving credit facility and a prior revolving trade accounts receivable securitization facility. We entered into an interest rate swap in June 2017, in anticipation of the issuance of the 2032 Notes. The interest rate swap had a notional amount of to hedge the risk of changes in the semi-annual interest rate payments attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate during the several days leading up to the issuance of the 2032 Notes. Upon pricing of the 2032 Notes, the derivative instrument was settled resulting in a gain of approximately , which was reflected in AOCI. Approximately and were allocated to debt issuance costs and the debt discount, respectively. The debt issuance costs and the debt discount have been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets within long-term debt as a contra-liability. Each will continue to be amortized, through interest expense, in our consolidated statements of earnings over the term of the 2032 Notes. The unamortized portions of the debt issuance costs and the debt discount were and , respectively, at May 31, 2023 and and , respectively, at May 31, 2022. On April 15, 2014, we issued the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of . The 2026 Notes were sold to the public at of the principal amount thereof, to yield to maturity. We used a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to repay amounts then outstanding under our then current revolving credit facility. Approximately , and were allocated to the settlement of a derivative contract entered into in anticipation of the issuance of the 2026 Notes, debt issuance costs, and the debt discount, respectively. The debt issuance costs and the debt discount have been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets within long-term debt as a contra-liability, and the loss on the derivative contract recorded within AOCI. Each will continue to be amortized, through interest expense, in our consolidated statements of earnings over the term of the 2026 Notes. The unamortized portions of the debt issuance costs and the debt discount were and , respectively, at May 31, 2023 and and , respectively, at May 31, 2022. During fiscal 2023, we repurchased of the 2026 Notes through open market purchases. The repurchase activity generated a gain of , which is recorded in miscellaneous income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of earnings. On July 28, 2023, we redeemed in full the 2026 Notes. See Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. On August 10, 2012, we issued aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due (the 2024 Notes ). The 2024 Notes bear interest at a rate of . The net proceeds from this issuance were used to repay a portion of the then-outstanding amounts. Approximately of the aggregate proceeds were allocated to debt issuance costs. The unamortized portion of the debt issuance costs was and at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Other Financing Arrangements On May 19, 2022, we entered into the AR Facility. Pursuant to the terms of the AR Facility, certain of our subsidiaries were to sell or contribute all of their eligible accounts receivable and other related assets without recourse, on a revolving basis, to WRC, a wholly-owned, consolidated, bankruptcy-remote indirect subsidiary. In turn, WRC was to sell, on a revolving basis, up to of undivided ownership interests in this pool of accounts receivable to a third-party bank. We were to retain an undivided interest in this pool and were to be subject to risk of loss based on the collectability of the receivables from this retained interest. Because the amount eligible to be sold was to exclude receivables more than 120 days past due, receivables offset by an allowance for doubtful accounts due to bankruptcy or other cause, concentrations over certain limits with specific customers and certain reserve amounts, we believed additional risk of loss would be minimal. As of May 31, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding under the AR Facility, leaving then available for use. Fees incurred to facilitate the securitization were and will be deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis through May 2024. Facility fees will be expensed as incurred through interest expense in our consolidated statements of earnings. On June 29, 2023, we terminated the AR Facility. See Note V Subsequent Events for additional information. multi-year revolving credit facility scheduled to mature on August 20, 2026 (the Credit Facility with a group of lenders. Borrowings under the Credit Facility have maturities of up to . We have the option to borrow at rates equal to an applicable margin over the Simple SOFR Rate, the Prime Rate of PNC Bank, National Association or the Overnight Bank Funding Rate. The Credit Facility was amended on May 10, 2023 to remove references to the LIBOR benchmark and replace it with SOFR. The applicable margin is determined by our credit rating. There were borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility at May 31, 2023 , leaving available at May 31, 2023. Tempel Steel Company s China location Tempel China has short-term loan facilities with the equivalent of an aggregate of outstanding at May 31, 2023 . These loans, which are used to finance steel purchases, are collateralized by Tempel China property and equipment. These loans were subsequently paid off in June 2023. New loans may be entered into as these loans mature. The effective interest rate on the Tempel China loans outstanding at May 31, 2023 was . 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Pension liability adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flow hedges 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): T 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 
 () 

Reclassification adjustments to income (a) 
 
 - 

() 

() 

Income tax effect 
 
 () 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2022 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Reclassification adjustments to income (a) 
 
 - 

Income tax effect 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2023 
 
 () 

() 

() 

(a) 

 related to the pension lift-out transaction to transfer a portion of the total projected benefit obligation of the Gerstenslager Company Bargaining Unit Employees Pension Plan to a third-party insurance company. As a result of this transaction: 1) we incurred a non-cash settlement charge of recorded in miscellaneous income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of earnings; 2) we were relieved of all responsibility for these pension obligations; and 3) the insurance company is now required to pay and administer the retirement benefits owed to beneficiaries; and 

 (2) Cash flow hedges disclosed in Note R Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities. 

The estimated net amount of the gains in AOCI at May 31, 2023 expected to be reclassified into net income within the succeeding is (net of tax of ). This am ount was computed using the fair value of the cash flow hedges at May 31, 2023, and will change before actual reclassification from other comprehensive income to net income during fiscal 2023 . 

67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 of the common shares. On March 24, 2021, the Board authorized the repurchase of up to an additional of the common shares. These common shares may be repurchased from time to time, with consideration given to the market price of the common shares, the nature of other investment opportunities, cash flows from operations, general economic conditions and other relevant considerations. Repurchases may be made on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. At May 31, 2023 , the total number of the common shares available for repurchase under the Board authorizations was . During fiscal 2023 , we did t repurchase any common shares. During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 , we repurchased common shares, and common shares, respectively, having an aggregate cost of and , respectively. Theoretical Common Shares : Our non-qualified deferred compensation plans for employees require that any portion of a participant s current account credited to the theoretical common share option, which reflects the fair value of the common shares with dividends reinvested, and any new contributions credited to the theoretical common share option remain credited to the theoretical common share option until distributed. For amounts credited to the theoretical common share option, payouts are required to be made in the form of whole common shares and cash in lieu of fractional common shares. As a result, we account for the deferred compensation obligation credited to the theoretical common share option within equity. The amounts recorded in equity totaled , and at May 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

common shares were authorized and available for issuance in connection with the Plans in place at May 31, 2023. We recognized pre-tax stock-based compensation expense of after-tax), after-tax) and after-tax) under the Plans during fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. At May 31, 2023 , the total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested awards was , which will be expensed over the next three fiscal years. Non-Qualified Stock Options Stock options may be granted to purchase common shares at not less than of the fair market value of the underlying common shares on the grant date. All outstanding stock options are non-qualified stock options. The exercise price of all stock options granted has been set at of the fair market value of the underlying common shares on the grant date. Generally, stock options granted to employees vest and become exercisable at the rate of per year beginning one year from the grant date, and expire after the grant date. Non-qualified stock options granted to non-employee directors vest and become exercisable on the earlier of (a) the first anniversary of the grant date or (b) the date on which the next annual meeting of shareholders of Worthington Industries is held following the grant date for any stock option granted as of the date of an annual meeting of shareholders of Worthington Industries. Stock options can be exercised through net-settlement, at the election of the option holder. U.S. GAAP requires that all share-based awards be recorded as expense in the statement of earnings based on their grant date fair value. We calculate the fair value of our non-qualified stock options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and certain assumptions. The computation of fair values for all stock options incorporates the following assumptions: expected volatility (based on the historical volatility of the common shares); risk-free interest rate (based on the U.S. Treasury strip rate for the expected term of the stock options); expected term (based on historical exercise experience); and dividend yield (based on annualized current dividends and an average quoted price of the common shares over the preceding annual period). 

Weighted average exercise price, per common share 

Weighted average grant date fair value, per common share 

Pre-tax stock-based compensation 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected life (years) 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

Exercisable at end of year 

Exercisable 

May 31, 2022 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

May 31, 2021 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during fiscal 2023 was . The total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options during fiscal 2023 was , and the related excess tax benefit realized from share-based payment awards was . 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Non-vested, end of year 

Service-Based Restricted Common Shares Restricted common shares that contain service-based vesting conditions may be awarded to certain employees and non-employee directors. Service-based restricted common shares granted to employees cliff vest from the date of grant. Service-based restricted common shares granted to non-employee directors vest under the same parameters as discussed above with respect to non-qualified stock option grants. All service-based restricted common shares are valued at the closing market price of the common shares on the date of the grant. 

Weighted average grant date fair value, per common share 

Pre-tax stock-based compensation 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

Weighted average remaining contractual life of 

outstanding restricted common shares (in years) 

Aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding restricted 

common shares 

Aggregate intrinsic value of restricted common 

shares vested during the year 

Market-Based Restricted Common Shares On June 24, 2022, we granted market-based restricted common shares to one key employee under one of the Plans. Vesting of these restricted common shares is contingent upon the average closing price of the common shares reaching during any consecutive day period during the five-year period following the date of grant and completion of a three-year service vesting period. The grant date fair value of these restricted common shares, as determined by a Monte Carlo simulation model, was per common share. The pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these market-based restricted common shares of will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period, net of any forfeitures. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

On June 25, 2020, we granted an aggregate of market-based restricted common shares to three key employees under one of the Plans. Vesting of these restricted common share awards is contingent upon the average closing price of the common shares reaching during any consecutive day period during the five-year period following the date of grant and completion of a three-year service vesting period. The grant date fair value of these restricted common shares, as determined by a Monte Carlo simulation model, was per common share. The calculated pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these restricted common shares is and will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the service vesting period, net of any forfeitures. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

On September 25, 2019, we granted market-based restricted common shares to one key employee under one of the Plans. Vesting of this restricted common share award is contingent upon the price of the common shares reaching per common share and remaining at or above that price for consecutive days during the five-year period following the date of grant and the completion of a five-year service vesting period. The grant date fair value of these restricted common shares, as determined by a Monte Carlo simulation model, was per common share. The pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these restricted common shares of will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the service vesting period, net of any forfeitures. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

On September 26, 2018, we granted an aggregate of market-based restricted common shares to two key employees under one of the Plans. Vesting of these restricted common share awards is contingent upon the price of the common shares reaching per common share and remaining at or above that price for consecutive days during the period following the date of grant and the completion of a five-year service vesting period. The grant date fair value of these restricted common shares, as determined by a Monte Carlo simulation model, was per common share. The calculated pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for these restricted common shares is and will be recognized on a straight-line basis over the service vesting period, net of any forfeitures. 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Performance Shares We have awarded performance shares to certain key employees that are contingent (i.e., vest) based upon the level of achievement with respect to corporate targets for cumulative corporate economic value added, earnings per share growth and, in the case of business unit executives, business unit EBIT targets for the three-fiscal-year periods ended or ending May 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. These performance share awards will be paid, to the extent earned, in common shares in the fiscal quarter following the end of the applicable three-fiscal-year performance period. The fair value of performance share awards is determined by the closing market price of the underlying common shares at the respective grant dates of the awards and the pre-tax stock-based compensation expense is based on our periodic assessment of the probability of the targets being achieved and our estimate of the number of common shares that will ultimately vest and be issued. 

Weighted average grant date fair value, per common share 

Pre-tax stock-based compensation 

Granted (1) 

Vested 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Forfeited 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Outstanding, end of year 

Weighted average remaining contractual life of 

outstanding performance shares (in years) 

Aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding 

performance shares 

Aggregate intrinsic value of performance 

shares vested during the year 

(1) 

A curtailment results from an event that significantly reduces the expected years of future service or eliminates the accrual of defined benefits for the future services of a significant number of employees. A curtailment gain is recorded when the employees who are entitled to a benefit terminate their employment, or when a plan suspension or amendment that results in a curtailment gain is adopted. A curtailment loss is recorded when it becomes probable a curtailment loss will occur. We recognize settlement expense when the costs associated with all settlements during the year exceed the interest component of net periodic cost for the affected plan. Expense from curtailments and settlements is recorded in other income (expense) in our consolidated statements of earnings. Defined Contribution Retirement Plans We provide retirement benefits to employees mainly through defined contribution retirement plans. Eligible participants make pre-tax contributions based on elected percentages of eligible compensation, subject to annual addition and other limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code and the various plans provisions. Company contributions consist of employer matching contributions, annual or monthly employer contributions and discretionary contributions, based on individual plan provisions. Defined Benefit Pension Plans The Gerstenslager Company Bargaining Unit Employees Pension Plan (the Gerstenslager Plan is a non contributory pension plan, which covers certain employees based on age and length of service. Our contributions have complied with ERISA s minimum funding requirements. Effective May 9, 2011, in connection with the formation of the ArtiFlex joint venture, the Gerstenslager Plan was frozen, which qualified as a curtailment under the applicable accounting guidance. We did not recognize a gain or loss in connection with the curtailment of the Gerstenslager Plan. During fiscal 2019, the Gerstenslager Plan was amended to allow certain inactive participants to take a lump sum settlement. During August 2022, we purchased (using pension plan assets) an annuity contract from a third-party insurance company to transfer approximately of the total projected benefit obligation of the Gerstenslager Company Bargaining Unit Employees Pension Plan as of the purchase date. As a result of this transaction: 1) we incurred a non-cash settlement charge of recorded in miscellaneous income (expense), net in our consolidated statements of earnings; 2) we were relieved of all responsibility for these pension obligations; and 3) the insurance company is now required to pay and administer the retirement benefits owed to beneficiaries. As a result of our acquisition of Tempel on December 1, 2021, we assumed approximately of net pension and other postretirement benefit obligations under Tempel s defined benefit domestic funded pension plan, an unfunded supplemental executive retirement (SERP) plan, and a domestic unfunded postretirement plan. Effective December 31, 2010, Tempel froze its defined benefit domestic funded pension plan. Upon retirement, participants in this plan will receive the benefit they had accrued as of July 16, 2018. No further pension benefit will be earned by the participants of this plan after December 31, 2010. See Note Q - Acquisitions for additional information related to the acquisition of Tempel. Net Periodic Pension Costs 

Return on plan assets 

() 

() 

() 

Net amortization and deferral costs 

Settlement cost (1) 

Defined contribution plans 

Net periodic benefit cost 

(1) 

and , respectively, in net periodic benefit cost related to the Tempel Steel Company Postretirement Benefit Plan. Weighted Average Rates 

Net periodic pension cost: 

Discount rate 

Expected long-term rate of return 

Actuarial developed yield curves are used to determine discount rates. The expected return on plan assets assumption is determined by reviewing the investment returns, as well as longer-term historical returns of an asset mix approximating our asset allocation targets, and periodically comparing these returns to the expectations of investment advisors and actuaries to determine whether long-term future returns are expected to differ significantly from the past. Funded Status 

- 

Service cost 

- 

- 

Interest cost 

Plan amendments 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Actuarial gain 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settlements 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Participant contributions 

- 

- 

- 

Benefit obligations acquired 

- 

- 

Benefits obligation, end of year 

Change in plan assets 

Fair value, beginning of year 

- 

- 

Return on plan assets 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Company contributions 

Benefits paid 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Settlements 

() 

() 

- 

- 

Participant contributions 

- 

- 

- 

Plan assets acquired 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value, end of year 

- 

- 

Funded status 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in our consolidated balance sheets consist of: 

Other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

() 

AOCI 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized in AOCI consist of: 

Net loss (income) 

() 

() 

Net prior service (credit)/cost 

- 

- 

() 

- 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of net (gain) loss 

() 

() 

() 

- 

Settlement cost 

() 

() 

- 

Total recognized in other comprehensive income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and OCI 

() 

() 

() 

Pension plan assets are required to be disclosed at fair value in our consolidated financial statements. Fair value is defined in Note S Fair Value Measurements. The pension plan assets fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Fair Value Hierarchy Categories Valuations of Level 1 assets for all classes are based on quoted closing market prices from the principal exchanges where the individual securities are traded. Cash is valued at cost, which approximates fair value. Equity funds categorized as Level 2 assets are primarily non-exchange traded comingled or collective funds where the underlying securities have observable prices available from active markets. Valuation is based on the net asset value of fund units held as derived from the fair value of the underlying assets. Fixed-income funds categorized as Level 2 assets include corporate and government bonds and are generally valued based on independent broker/dealer bids or by comparison to other debt securities having similar durations, yields and credit ratings. Equity funds classified as Level 3 are fund investments in private companies. Valuation techniques and inputs for these assets include discounted cash flow analysis, earnings multiple approaches, recent transactions, transfer restrictions, prevailing discount rates, volatilities, credit ratings and other factors. Fair Value of Plan Assets 

- 

- 

Fixed-income funds 

- 

- 

Equity funds 

- 

- 

Administrative funds 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Commingled fund investments 

measured at net asset value (1) : 

Hedge funds 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

(1) Investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. 

 The following table sets forth, by level within the fair value hierarchy, a summary of the defined benefit plans assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at May 31, 2022: 

Quoted 

Significant 

Prices 

Other 

Significant 

in Active 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Markets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

(In thousands) 
 
 Fair Value 

(Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Investment: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- 

- 

Fixed-income funds 

- 

- 

Equity funds 

- 

- 

Administrative funds 

- 

- 

Commingled fund investments 

measured at net asset value (1) : 

Fixed-income funds 

- 

- 

- 

Hedge funds 

- 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

- 

(1) Investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. 

Fixed-income funds 

Hedge funds 

Other 

Total 

Equity securities include no employer stock. We are expected to contribute approximately to the defined benefit and OPEB plans during fiscal 2024. However, we reserve the right to make additional contributions. Estimated Future Benefits Payments 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029-2033 

Commercial law requires us to pay severance and service benefits to employees at our Austrian Sustainable Energy Solutions location. Severance benefits must be paid to all employees hired before December 31, 2002. Employees hired after that date are covered under a governmental plan that requires us to pay benefits as a percentage of compensation (included in payroll tax withholdings). Service benefits are based on a percentage of compensation and years of service. The accrued liability for these unfunded plans was a nd at May 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively, and was included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Net periodic pension cost for these plans did not have a significant impact to our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. The assumed salary rate increase was for each of fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021. The discount rate at May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was , , and , respectively. Each discount rate was based on a published corporate bond rate with a term approximating the estimated benefit payment cash flows and is consistent with European and Austrian regulations. 

Non U.S. based operations 

Earnings before income taxes 

Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests (1) 

Earnings before income taxes attributable to controlling interest 

(1) 

State and local 

Foreign 

Subtotal 

Deferred 

Federal 

() 

State and local 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Subtotal 

() 

Total 

State and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Non-U.S. income taxes at other than federal statutory rate 

() 

() 

Excess benefit related to share-based payment awards 

() 

() 

() 

Nondeductible executive compensation 

Oil Gas capital stock loss 

- 

- 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Effective tax rate attributable to controlling interest 

The above effective tax rate attributable to controlling interest excludes any impact from the inclusion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests in our consolidated statements of earnings. The effective tax rates upon inclusion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were , and for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests are primarily a result of our Samuel, WSP, Spartan, and TWB consolidated joint ventures. The earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests in Samuel, WSP, Spartan and TWB s U.S. operations do not generate tax expense to us since the investors in Samuel, WSP, Spartan and TWB s U.S. operations are taxed directly based on the earnings attributable to them. The tax expense of TWB s wholly-owned foreign corporations is reported in our consolidated tax expense. Under applicable accounting guidance, a tax benefit may be recognized from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. Any tax benefits recognized in our financial statements from such a position were measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits was , and as of May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 , the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate attributable to controlling interest was . Unrecognized tax benefits are the differences between a tax position taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return, and the benefit recognized for accounting purposes. Accrued amounts of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as part of income tax expense within our consolidated statements of earnings. As of May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , we had accrued liabilities of , and , respectively, for interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

Increases - tax positions taken in prior years 

- 

Decreases - tax positions taken in prior years 

- 

Increases - tax positions taken in prior years 

- 

Increases - current tax positions 

- 

Settlements 

- 

Lapse of statutes of limitations 

() 

Balance at May 31, 2023 

Approximately of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits is expected to be settled in the next twelve months due to the expiration of statutes of limitations in various tax jurisdictions and as a result of expected settlements with various tax jurisdictions. While it is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next twelve months, any change is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The following is a summary of the tax years open to examination by major tax jurisdiction: U.S. Federal - and forward 

 U.S. State and Local - and forward 

 Austria - and forward 

 Canada - and forward 

 China - and forward 

 India - and forward 

 Mexico - 2008, 2009, 2018 and forward 

 Portugal - and forward 

Inventories 

Accrued expenses 

Net operating loss carry forwards 

Stock-based compensation 

Derivative contracts 

- 

Operating lease - ROU liability 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Intangibles 

() 

() 

Investment in affiliated companies, principally due to undistributed earnings 

() 

() 

Operating lease - ROU asset 

() 

() 

Derivative contracts 

- 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

At May 31, 2023 , we had tax benefits for federal net operating loss carry forwards of , with no expiration date, tax benefits for state net operating loss carry forwards of that expire from fiscal 2024 to no expiration date, and tax benefits for non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards of that expire from fiscal 2032 to no expiration date. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of on May 31, 2023, is associated primarily with the state net operating loss carry forwards and relates to our former Steel Processing facility in Decatur, Alabama, and our former Engineered Cabs facility in Tennessee. Based on our history of profitability, the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, and taxable income projections, we have determined that it is more likely than not that the remaining deferred tax assets are otherwise realizable. 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic earnings per common share attributable to controlling 

interest - weighted average common shares 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Denominator for diluted earnings per common share attributable to controlling 

interest - adjusted weighted average common shares 

Basic earnings per common share attributable to controlling interest 

Diluted earnings per common share attributable to controlling interest 

Stock options covering and common shares for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, have been excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per common share because the effect of their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. There were anti-dilutive securities for fiscal 2021. 

new operating segments: Consumer Products, Building Products and Sustainable Energy Solutions. Our Steel Processing operating segment was not impacted by these changes. A discussion of each of our reportable segments is included below. Steel Processing : This operating segment is a value-added processor of carbon flat-rolled steel, a producer of laser welded solutions and a provider of electrical steel laminations. This segment includes our three consolidated operating joint ventures: Samuel, Spartan, and TWB. It also includes WSP, which became a non-operating joint venture on October 31, 2022, when we sold the remaining net assets of the joint venture. See Note F Restructuring and Other (Income) Expense, Net for additional information. Spartan operates a cold-rolled, hot-dipped coating line and TWB operates a laser welded blanking business. WSP served primarily as a toll processor and its services included slitting, blanking, cutting-to-length, laser blanking, and warehousing. Samuel operates steel pickling facilities in Ohio. Steel Processing is an intermediate processor of carbon flat-rolled steel. This operating segment s processing capabilities include cold reducing, configured blanking, cutting-to-length, dry-lube, hot dip coating, annealing, laser welding, pickling, slitting, oscillate slitting, temper rolling, tension leveling, and non-metallic coating, including acrylic and paint coating, aluminum die casting, progressive stamping and notching, and transformer core winding and blank sheet stacking. Steel Processing sells to customers principally in the automotive, aerospace, agricultural, appliance, construction, container, energy, hardware, heavy-truck, HVAC, lawn and garden, leisure and recreation, office furniture and office equipment end markets. Steel Processing also toll processes steel for steel mills, large end-users, service centers and other processors. Toll processing is different from typical steel processing in that the mill, end-user or other party retains title to the steel and has the responsibility for selling the end product. The percentage of our consolidated net sales generated by the Steel Processing operating segment was approximately , and , in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively. Consumer Products : This operating segment consists of products in the tools, outdoor living and celebrations end markets sold under market-leading brands that include Coleman (licensed), Bernzomatic , Balloon Time , Mag-Torch , General , Garden-Weasel , Pactool International , Hawkeye , Level5 and Worthington Pro Grade . These include propane-filled cylinders for torches, camping stoves and other applications, LPG cylinders, handheld torches, helium-filled balloon kits, specialized hand tools and instruments and drywall tools and instruments sold primarily to mass merchandisers, retailers and distributors. LPG cylinders, which hold fuel for barbeque grills and recreational vehicle equipment, are also sold through cylinder exchangers. The percentage of our consolidated net sales generated by the Consumer Products operating segment was approximately , and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. Building Products : This operating segment sells refrigerant and LPG cylinders, well water and expansion tanks, and other specialty products, which are generally sold to gas producers and distributors. Refrigerant gas cylinders are used to hold refrigerant gases for commercial, residential, and automotive air conditioning and refrigeration systems. LPG cylinders hold fuel for residential and light commercial heating systems, industrial forklifts and commercial/residential cooking (the latter, generally outside North America). Well water tanks and expansion tanks are used primarily in the residential market with certain products also sold to commercial markets. Specialty products include a variety of fire suppression tanks, chemical tanks, and foam and adhesive tanks. The percentage of our consolidated net sales generated by the Building Products operating segment was approximately , and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. Sustainable Energy Solutions : This operating segment, which is primarily based in Europe, sells onboard fueling systems and services, as well as gas containment solutions and services for storage, transport and distribution of industrial gases. It includes high pressure and acetylene cylinders for life support systems and alternative fuel cylinders used to hold CNG and hydrogen for automobiles, buses, and light-duty trucks. The percentage of our consolidated net sales generated by the Sustainable Energy Solutions operating segment was approximately , and in fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. Other : Divested businesses historically reported within our former Pressure Cylinders operating segment but no longer included in our management structure are presented within the Other category, on a historical basis, through the date of disposal. For the periods presented, these include the following: SCI (until March 2021); Oil Gas Equipment (until January 2021); and Cryogenic Storage and Cryo-Science (until October 2020). The Other category also includes certain income and expense items not allocated to our operating segments. Prior period financial information has been revised to reflect the operating results and financial position of the new operating segments. Historical financial information presented herein reflects this change. Concurrent with the change in management structure described above, the profit measure that our Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM uses to assess segment performance and allocate resources was changed from operating income to adjusted EBIT. EBIT is calculated by adding interest expense and income tax expense to net earnings attributable to controlling interest. Adjusted EBIT excludes impairment and restructuring charges (gains), but may also exclude other items that management believes are not reflective of, and thus should not be included when evaluating, the performance of our ongoing operations. Adjusted EBIT is a non-GAAP financial measure and is used by management to evaluate operating segment performance, engage in financial and operational planning and determine incentive compensation. 

ClarkDietrich 

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are described in Note A Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Inter-segment sales are not material. 

- 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

- 

- 

- 

Restructuring and other (income) expense, net 
 
 () 

- 

() 

() 

Separation costs 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Miscellaneous income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates 

- 

- 

() 

Adjusted EBIT (1) 

() 

(1) Excludes the following: 

 Impairment of long-lived assets because they do not occur in the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations, are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount, and are non-cash, so their exclusion facilitates the comparison of historical and current financial results; 

 Restructuring activities such as divestitures, closing or consolidating facilities, employee severance (including rationalizing headcount or other significant changes in personnel), and realignment of existing operations (including changes to management structure in response to underlying performance and/or changing market conditions; 

 A non-cash settlement charge of in miscellaneous income (expense), net within Other related to the pension lift-out transaction associated with the Gerstenslager Plan and described further in Note M Employee Pension Plans; 

 A loss of for the settlement of final transaction costs within Other related to the sale of our noncontrolling equity investment in ArtiFlex effective August 3, 2022; 

 Separation costs of within Other related to direct and incremental costs incurred in connection with the anticipated Separation, including audit, advisory, and legal costs; 

 A pre-tax gain of within Other related to a sale-leaseback transaction at Workhorse during fiscal 2023; and 

 Noncontrolling interest portion of impairment of long-lived assets and restructuring gains of within Steel Processing. 

2022 

(In thousands) 
 Steel Processing 

Consumer Products 

Building Products 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

Other 

Consolidated 

Net sales 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restructuring and other income, net 
 
 () 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Miscellaneous income (expense), net 

() 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates 

- 

- 

Adjusted EBIT (2) 

() 

(2) Excludes the following: 

 Impairment of long-lived assets because they do not occur in the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations, are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount, and are non-cash, so their exclusion facilitates the comparison of historical and current financial results; 

 Restructuring activities such as divestitures, closing or consolidating facilities, employee severance (including rationalizing headcount or other significant changes in personnel), and realignment of existing operations (including changes to management structure in response to underlying performance and/or changing market conditions; 

 Noncontrolling interest portion of impairment of long-lived assets charges and restructuring income of . 

2021 

(In thousands) 
 Steel Processing 

Consumer Products 

Building Products 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

Other 

Consolidated 

Net sales 

Capital expenditures 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment of long-lived assets 
 
 - 

- 

Restructuring and other expense, net 

Incremental expenses related to Nikola gains 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

Miscellaneous income (expense), net 
 
 () 

() 

Equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates 

- 

- 

Adjusted EBIT (3) 

() 

(3) Excludes the following: 

 Impairment of long-lived assets because they do not occur in the ordinary course of our ongoing business operations, are inherently unpredictable in timing and amount, and are non-cash, so their exclusion facilitates the comparison of historical and current financial results; 

 Restructuring activities such as divestitures, closing or consolidating facilities, employee severance (including rationalizing headcount or other significant changes in personnel), and realignment of existing operations (including changes to management structure in response to underlying performance and/or changing market conditions; 

 Noncontrolling interest portion of restructuring expense of ; 

 Gain on investment in Nikola of and incremental expenses related to Nikola gains of . 

 Total assets for each of our reportable segments as of the end of the past two fiscal years were as follows: 

May 31, 

May 31, 

(In thousands) 
 2023 

2022 

Steel Processing 

Consumer Products 

Building Products 

Sustainable Energy Solutions 

Other 

Total Assets 

International 

Total 

International 

Total 

, including attributed to an earnout agreement with the selling shareholders, that provides for up to an additional of cash consideration should certain earnings targets be met annually through calendar year 2024. The earnout agreement also requires continued employment of a selling shareholder during the duration of the earnout period. Accordingly, payments to this key employee, to the extent earned, will be accounted for as post-combination compensation expense. As of May 31, 2023, there was no accrual recorded for anticipated payments under the second earnout period ending December 31, 2023. Level5 is being operated as part of the Consumer Products operating segment and its results have been included in our consolidated statements of earnings since the date of acquisition. Proforma results, including the acquired business since the beginning of fiscal 2022, would not be materially different from the reported results. The information included herein has been based on the preliminary allocation of the purchase price using estimates of the fair value and useful lives of the assets acquired. The purchase price allocation is subject to further adjustment until all pertinent information regarding the assets acquired is fully evaluated by us, including but not limited to, the fair value accounting. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their estimated acquisition-date fair values, with goodwill representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. 

Indefinite 

Customer relationships 

Technological know-how 

Non-compete agreement 

Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 

The purchase price includes the fair values of other assets that were not identifiable, not separately recognizable under applicable accounting rules (e.g., assembled workforce) or of immaterial value. The purchase price also includes strategic and synergistic benefits (investment value) specific to us, which resulted in a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets. This additional investment value resulted in goodwill which will be deductible by us for income tax purposes. These amounts reflect various preliminary fair value estimates and assumptions, including preliminary work performed by a third-party valuation specialist, and are subject to change within the measurement period as the valuation is finalized. The primary areas of preliminary purchase price allocation subject to change relate to the valuation of acquired tangible assets and liabilities, identification and valuation of residual goodwill and tax effects of acquired assets and assumed liabilities. 

- 

Accounts receivable 

- 

Inventories 

- 

Prepaid expenses 

- 

Property, plant and equipment 

- 

Intangible assets 

- 

Operating lease assets 

- 

Total identifiable assets 

- 

Accounts payable 

() 

- 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

() 

Current operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Net identifiable assets 

Goodwill 

- 

Total purchase price 

Less: Fair value of earnout 

() 

- 

() 

Plus: Net working capital deficit 

() 

Cash purchase price 

- 

Shiloh Industries U.S. BlankLight (fiscal 2022) On June 8, 2021, our Steel Processing operating segment, along with our consolidated joint venture TWB, acquired certain assets of Shiloh s U.S. BlankLight business. The purchase price for the acquisition was cash consideration of approximately , after closing adjustments. The Shiloh business is being primarily operated by TWB and is part of the Steel Processing segment and the operating results of the Shiloh business have been included in our consolidated statements of earnings since the date of acquisition. Proforma results of the Shiloh business, including the acquired business since the beginning of fiscal 2021, would not be materially different than the reported results. Net sales and net earnings since the beginning of fiscal 2021, would not be materially different than the reported results. The acquisition consisted of laser welding facilities that are being operated as part of our TWB joint venture and blanking facility that is being operated as part of our core Steel Processing operations. Approximately of the total goodwill relates to TWB, which will be treated as a separate reporting unit for purposes of goodwill impairment testing. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their estimated acquisition-date fair values, with goodwill representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. 

- 

Non-compete agreement 

In-process research development 

Indefinite 

Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 

The purchase price includes the fair values of other assets that were not identifiable, not separately recognizable under accounting rules (e.g., assembled workforce) or of immaterial value. The purchase price also includes strategic and synergistic benefits (investment value) specific to us, which resulted in a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets. This additional investment value resulted in goodwill which will be deductible for income tax purposes. 

() 

Inventories 

Property, plant, and equipment 

() 

Intangible assets 

Operating lease assets 

- 

Total identifiable assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

() 

Current operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Net identifiable assets 

Goodwill 

() 

Purchase price 

() 

Tempel Steel Company (fiscal 2022) On December 1, 2021, our Steel Processing operating segment completed its acquisition of Tempel, a leading global manufacturer of precision motor and transformer laminations for the electrical steel market that includes transformers, machine motors and electric vehicle (EV) motors for cash consideration of net of cash acquired, plus the assumption of certain long-term liabilities. The acquisition was funded primarily with cash on hand and some borrowing under our Credit Facility. Total acquisition-related expenses of were incurred in fiscal 2022 . The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their estimated acquisition-date fair values, with goodwill representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. 

Technological know how 

- 

Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 

The purchase price includes the fair values of other assets that were not identifiable, not separately recognizable under accounting rules (e.g., assembled workforce) or of immaterial value. The purchase price also includes strategic and synergistic benefits (investment value) specific to us, which resulted in a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets. This additional investment value resulted in goodwill which is not expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

- 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

- 

Other current assets 

() 

Property, plant and equipment 

- 

Intangible assets 

- 

Operating lease assets 

- 

Total identifiable assets 

Accounts payable 

() 

- 

() 

Notes payable 

() 

- 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

Current operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Other non-current liabilities (1) 

() 

() 

Net identifiable assets 

Goodwill 

() 

Purchase price 

() 

(1) of net pension and other postretirement benefit obligations assumed as part of the Tempel acquisition. The excess of projected benefit obligations over the fair value of the plans assets was recognized as a liability in accordance with ASC 715 using key inputs including, but not limited to, discount rates and expected rates of return on the plans assets. See Note M - Employee Pension Plans for additional information. 

Operating results of Tempel have been included in our consolidated statements of earnings since December 1, 2021, the date of acquisition. During the fiscal 2022, Tempel contributed net sales of and operating income of , which included acquisition-related costs of approximately and incremental cost of goods sold of due to the write-up of inventory to its estimated acquisition-date fair value. 

Net earnings attributable to controlling interest 

Diluted earnings per common share attributable to controlling interest 

PTEC Pressure Technology GmbH PTEC (fiscal 2021) On January 4, 2021, we acquired PTEC, a leading independent designer and manufacturer of valves and components for high pressure hydrogen and compressed natural gas storage, transport and onboard fueling systems. The PTEC business is being operated as part of the industrial products business within our Sustainable Energy Solutions operating segment. The total purchase price was . In connection with this acquisition, we recognized total intangible assets of , including goodwill of . The remaining purchase price was primarily allocated to personal property and working capital. General Tools Instruments Company LLC GTI (fiscal 2021) On January 29, 2021, we acquired GTI, a provider of feature-rich, specialized tools in various categories including environmental health safety, precision measurement layout, home repair remodel, lawn garden and specific purpose tools, in a stock deal for cash consideration of , after adjustment for final working capital. The GTI business is being operated as part of the Consumer Products operating segment and GTI s operating results have been included in our consolidated statements of earnings since the date of acquisition. We incurred total acquisition-related costs of in fiscal 2021 related to the transaction. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recognized at their estimated acquisition-date fair values, with goodwill representing the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired. 

Trade names - indefinite lived 

Indefinite 

Trade names - finite lived 

Total acquired identifiable intangible assets 

The purchase price included the fair values of other assets that were not identifiable, not separately recognizable under accounting rules (e.g., assembled workforce) or of immaterial value. The purchase price also included strategic and synergistic benefits (investment value) specific to us, which resulted in a purchase price in excess of the fair value of the identifiable net assets. This additional investment value resulted in goodwill. GTI had a goodwill tax basis of resulting from its previous acquisitions that will be deductible by us for income tax purposes. 

- 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventories 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

- 

Intangible assets 

- 

Property, plant, and equipment 

- 

Operating lease assets 

- 

Other assets 

- 

Total identifiable assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

() 

() 

Current operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Other current liabilities 

() 

() 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

() 

- 

() 

Deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

() 

Net identifiable assets 

() 

Goodwill 

Purchase price 

() 

Proforma results, including the acquired business since the beginning of fiscal 2019, would not be materially different than the reported results. Net sales and net earnings since the completion of the acquisition were immaterial. 

Commodity Price Risk Management We are exposed to changes in the price of certain commodities, including steel, natural gas, copper, zinc and other raw materials, and our utility requirements. Our objective is to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with forecasted purchases and sales of these commodities to allow management to focus its attention on business operations. Accordingly, we enter into derivative financial instruments to manage the associated price risk. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk on all of our derivative financial instruments. Accordingly, we have established and maintain strict counterparty credit guidelines. We have credit support agreements in place with certain counterparties to limit our credit exposure. These agreements require either party to post cash collateral if its cumulative market position exceeds a predefined liability threshold. Amounts posted to the margin accounts accrue interest at market rates and are required to be refunded in the period in which the cumulative market position falls below the required threshold. Our net position with these counterparties fell below the predefined threshold in both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. We do not have significant exposure to any one counterparty and management believes the risk of loss is remote and, in any event, would not be material. Refer to Note S Fair Value Measurements for additional information regarding the accounting treatment for our derivative financial instruments, as well as how fair value is determined. 

Accounts payable 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 
 
 Receivables 

- 

Accounts payable 

- 

Subtotals 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Receivables 

Accounts payable 

Other assets 

- 

Other liabilities 

Subtotals 

Total derivative financial instruments 

The amounts in the table above reflect the fair value of our derivative financial instruments on a net basis, where allowable under master netting arrangements. Had these amounts been recognized on a gross basis, the impact would have been a increase in receivables with a corresponding increase in accounts payable. The following table summarizes the fair value of our derivative financial instruments and the respective lines in which they were recorded in our consolidated balance sheet at May 31, 2022: 

Asset Derivatives 

Liability Derivatives 

Balance 

Balance 

Sheet 
 
 Fair 

Sheet 
 
 Fair 

(In thousands) 
 
 Location 
 
 Value 

Location 
 
 Value 

Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Receivables 

Accounts payable 

Other assets 

- 

Other liabilities 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 
 
 Receivables 

- 

Accounts payable 

- 

Other assets 

- 

Other liabilities 

- 

Subtotals 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Commodity contracts 
 
 Receivables 

Accounts payable 

Other assets 

Other liabilities 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 
 
 Receivables 

- 

Accounts payable 

- 

Subtotals 

Total derivative financial instruments 

The amounts in the table above reflect the fair value of our derivative financial instruments on a net basis, where allowable under master netting arrangements. Had these amounts been recognized on a gross basis, the impact would have been a increase in receivables with a corresponding increase in accounts payable. Cash Flow Hedges We enter into derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to interest rate and commodity price fluctuations associated with certain forecasted transactions. These derivative financial instruments are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. Accordingly, the effective portion of the gain or loss on each of these derivative financial instruments is reported as a component of OCI and reclassified into earnings in the same line associated with the forecasted transaction and in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative financial instrument is recognized in earnings immediately. 

June 2023 - December 2024 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 

June 2023 - November 2023 

Commodity contracts 
 
 () 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 
 () 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 

Miscellaneous income, net 

Totals 
 
 () 

() 

For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022: 

Interest rate contracts 
 
 - 

Interest expense 
 
 () 

Commodity contracts 

Cost of goods sold 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 

Miscellaneous income, net 

Totals 

The estimated net amount of the gains recognized in AOCI at May 31, 2023, expected to be reclassified into net earnings within the succeeding twelve months is not significant. This amount was computed using the fair value of the cash flow hedges at May 31, 2023, and will change before actual reclassification from other comprehensive income to net earnings during fiscal 2024. Economic (Non-designated) Hedges We enter into foreign currency exchange contracts to manage our foreign currency exchange rate exposure related to inter-company and financing transactions that do not meet the requirements for hedge accounting treatment. We also enter into certain commodity contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment. Accordingly, these derivative financial instruments are adjusted to current market value at the end of each period through earnings. 

June 2023 - December 2024 

Foreign currency exchange contracts 

Miscellaneous income, net 

- 

() 

Total 

() 

92 
 
 Table of Contents 

- 

Total assets 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Derivative financial instruments (1) 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

- 

- 

(1) 

 At May 31, 2022, our financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows: 

Quoted 

Significant 

Prices 

Other 

Significant 

in Active 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Markets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

(In thousands) 
 
 (Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Totals 

Assets 

Derivative financial instruments (1) 

- 

- 

Total assets 

- 

- 

Liabilities 

Derivative financial instruments (1) 

- 

- 

Total liabilities 

- 

- 

(1) 

Non-Recurring Fair Value Measurements 

- 

Long-lived assets held and used (2) 

- 

- 

Total assets 

- 

- 

(1) 

 (2) . These assets continue to be held and used. Refer to Note E Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets for additional information. 

 At May 31, 2022, our assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis were categorized as follows: 

Quoted 

Significant 

Prices 

Other 

Significant 

in Active 

Observable 

Unobservable 

Markets 

Inputs 

Inputs 

(In thousands) 
 
 (Level 1) 

(Level 2) 

(Level 3) 

Totals 

Assets 

Long-lived assets held for sale (1) 

- 

- 

Total assets 

- 

- 

(1) . Refer to Note E Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets for additional information. 

 The non-derivative financial instruments included in the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, income taxes receivable, other assets, deferred income taxes, net, accounts payable, short-term borrowings, accrued compensation, contributions to employee benefit plans and related taxes, other accrued items, income taxes payable and other liabilities approximate fair value due to their short-term nature. The fair value of long-term debt, including current maturities, based upon models utilizing primarily market observable (Level 2) inputs and credit risk, was and at May 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. The carrying amount of long-term debt, including current maturities, was and at May 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 

 year to years, some of which have renewal and termination options. Termination options are exercisable at our option. The lease terms used to recognize ROU assets and lease liabilities include periods covered by options to extend the lease where we are reasonably certain to exercise that option and periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if we are reasonably certain not to exercise that option. We determine if an arrangement meets the definition of a lease at inception. Operating lease ROU assets include any initial direct costs and prepayments less lease incentives. Lease terms include options to renew or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain we will exercise such options. As most of our leases do not include an implicit rate, we use our collateralized incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date, in determining the present value of lease payments. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in cost of goods sold or SG A expense depending on the underlying nature of the leased assets. We lease certain property and equipment from third parties under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Certain lease agreements provide for payment of property taxes, maintenance and insurance by us. Under Topic 842, we elected the practical expedient to account for lease and non-lease components as a single component for all asset classes. Certain leases include variable lease payments based on usage or an index or rate. 

Financing lease expense: 

Amortization of leased assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Total financing lease expense 

Short-term lease expense 

Variable lease expense 

Total lease expense 

Financing cash flows 

- 

- 

ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

- 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

, , and , respectively. Purchases from affiliated companies for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 totaled , , and , respectively. Accounts receivable from affiliated companies were and at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Accounts payable to affiliated companies were and at May 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. 

early termination or other similar fees or penalties were paid in connection with the termination of the AR Facility. On July 28, 2023, we redeemed in full the 2026 Notes resulting in a loss on early extinguishment of debt of approximately 1,534, primarily related to unamortized debt issuance costs and amounts deferred in AOCI associated with an interest rate swap on the notes. The redemption price approximated the par value of debt of 243,623 plus accrued interest. 

96 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

Fiscal 2022: 

Deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for possible losses on trade accounts receivable 

() 

Fiscal, 2021: 

Deducted from asset accounts: Allowance for possible losses on trade accounts receivable 

() 

() 

See accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 9A. Control s and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that Worthington Industries files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including Worthington Industries principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management, under the supervision of and with the participation of Worthington Industries principal executive officer and principal financial officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K (the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023). Based on that evaluation, Worthington Industries principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred in the last fiscal quarter (the fiscal quarter ended May 31, 2023) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Annual Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of Worthington Industries and its consolidated subsidiaries; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of Worthington Industries and its consolidated subsidiaries are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of Worthington Industries and our consolidated subsidiaries, as appropriate; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the assets of Worthington Industries and its consolidated subsidiaries that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Management, with the participation of Worthington Industries principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. The scope of the assessment included all of our consolidated operations, except for those of Level5, which was acquired in fiscal 2023. The total assets and net sales of the acquired Level5 business represented 63.5 million and 33.5 million of the consolidated total assets and the consolidated net sales of the Company, respectively, as of and for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Management s assessment included an evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key controls over financial reporting, process documentation, accounting policies and our overall control environment. This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed under the direction of management. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control over financial reporting will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 
 
 Based on the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective at a reasonable assurance level as of May 31, 2023. The results of management s assessment were reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Board. 
 
 Additionally, Worthington Industries independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, independently assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and issued the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Worthington Industries, Inc.: 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Worthington Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedule II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated July 31, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The Company acquired Level 5 Tools, LLC during 2023, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023, Level 5 Tools, LLC s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of 63.5 million and total revenues of 33.5 million included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended May 31, 2023. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of Level 5 Tools, LLC. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Annual Report of Management on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/KPMG LLP 

Columbus, Ohio 
 July 31, 2023 

100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 	 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 101 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive O fficers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Persons Nominated or Chosen to Become Directors or Executive Officers 
 
 The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the directors of Worthington Industries and the nominees for re-election as directors of Worthington Industries at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 27, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Meeting is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption Proposal 1: Election of Directors in Worthington Industries definitive Proxy Statement relating to the 2023 Annual Meeting (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed pursuant to SEC Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of fiscal 2023. 
 
 The information required by Item 401 of SEC Regulation S-K concerning the executive officers of Worthington Industries is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure included under the caption Supplemental Item Information about our Executive Officers in Part I of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Procedures by which Shareholders may Recommend Nominees to Worthington Industries Board of Directors 
 
 Information concerning the procedures by which shareholders of Worthington Industries may recommend nominees to the Board is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Nominating and Governance Committee and Corporate Governance Nominating Procedures in the 2023 Proxy Statement. These procedures have not materially changed from those described in Worthington Industries definitive Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 28, 2022. 
 
 Audit Committee Matters 
 
 The information required by Items 407(d)(4) and 407(d)(5) of SEC Regulation S K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption Corporate Governance Committees of the Board Audit Committee in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Code of Conduct; Committee Charters; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Charter of Lead Independent Director 
 
 The Board has adopted Charters for each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, the Executive Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee as well as Corporate Governance Guidelines as contemplated by the applicable sections of the NYSE Listed Company Manual. The Board has also adopted a Charter of the Lead Independent Director of the Board. 
 
 In accordance with the requirements of Section 303A.10 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, the Board has adopted a Code of Conduct covering our directors, officers and employees, including Worthington Industries President and Chief Executive Officer (the principal executive officer), Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (the principal financial officer) and Corporate Controller (the principal accounting officer). Worthington Industries will disclose the following events, if they occur, in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within the required four business days following their occurrence: (A) the date and nature of any amendment to a provision of the Code of Conduct that (i) applies to Worthington Industries principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, (ii) relates to any element of the code of ethics definition enumerated in Item 406(b) of SEC Regulation S K, and (iii) is not a technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendment; and (B) a description of any waiver (including the nature of the waiver, the name of the person to whom the waiver was granted and the date of the waiver), including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Conduct granted to Worthington Industries principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, that relates to one or more of the elements of the code of ethics definition set forth in Item 406(b) of SEC Regulation S-K. In addition, Worthington Industries will disclose any waivers from the provisions of the Code of Conduct granted to a director or an executive officer of Worthington Industries in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC within the required four business days following their occurrence. 

102 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The text of each of the Charter of the Audit Committee, the Charter of the Compensation Committee, the Charter of the Executive Committee, the Charter of the Nominating and Governance Committee, the Charter of the Lead Independent Director, the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Code of Conduct is posted on the Governance page of the Investors section (also referred to as the Investor Relations section) of our web site located at https://www.worthingtonindustries.com. The website addresses in the Form 10-K are intended to provide inactive, textual references only. The information on the websites referenced herein is not part of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 The information required by Item 402 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, Executive Compensation Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Fiscal 2023 Summary Compensation Table, Grants of Plan-Based Awards, Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal 2023 Year-End. Option Exercises and Stock Vested, Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation, Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards Granted to NEOs for Fiscal 2024, Long-Term Performance Awards, Option Awards, and Restricted Common Share Awards Granted to NEOs in Fiscal 2024, Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control, CEO Pay Ratio, Compensation of Directors and Director Compensation for Fiscal 2023, in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(4) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption Corporate Governance Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 The information required by Item 407(e)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption Executive Compensation Compensation Committee Report in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial O wners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Ownership of Common Shares of Worthington Industries 
 
 The information required by Item 403 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the caption Equity Compensation Plan Information in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Relat ed Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 
 
 The information required by Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure in respect of John P. McConnell to be included under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement and from the disclosure to be included under the caption Transactions With Certain Related Persons in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 The information required by Item 407(a) of SEC Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions Corporate Governance Director Independence and Transactions With Certain Related Persons in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Acco untant Fees and Services 
 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm is KPMG LLP, Columbus, Ohio, Auditor Firm ID: . 
 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the disclosure to be included under the captions Audit Committee Matters Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Audit Committee Matters Pre-Approval of Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 103 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Fin ancial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) Consolidated Financial Statements: 

The consolidated financial statements (and report thereon) listed below are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP) 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedule : 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 All other financial statement schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are omitted because they are not required or the required information has been presented in the aforementioned consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (3) Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K : 

The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures page of this Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference as noted. Each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement is identified as such in the Index to Exhibits. 
 (b) Exhibits : The documents listed in the Index to Exhibits that immediately precedes the Signatures page of this Form 10-K are filed or furnished with this Form 10-K as exhibits or incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference as noted. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedule : The financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)(2) above is filed with this Form 10-K. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 
 
 104 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

2.1 
 
 Equity Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 29, by and among Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc., Tempel Holdings Inc., and Tempel Steel Company. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.01 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 1, 2021, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

3.1 
 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation of Worthington Industries, Inc., as filed with the Ohio Secretary of State on October 13, 1998 P 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 1998 (SEC File No. 0-4016) (filed in paper) 

3.2 
 
 Code of Regulations of Worthington Industries, Inc. (reflecting all amendments through the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) [This document represents the Code of Regulations of Worthington Industries, Inc. in compiled form incorporating all amendments.] 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2000 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2010, between Worthington Industries, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 13, 2010 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.2 
 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 15, 2014, between Worthington Industries, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee [NOTE: The Second Supplemental Indenture relates to the 4.55 Notes Due April 15, 2026 that were redeemed in full on July 28, 2023.] 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2014 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.3 
 
 Form of 4.55 Global Note Due April 15, 2026 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.2 incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) [NOTE: The 4.55 Notes Due April 15, 2026 were redeemed in full on July 28, 2023.] 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 (included in Exhibit 4.2) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 15, 2014 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.4 
 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 28, 2017, between Worthington Industries, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2017 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.5 
 
 Form of 4.300 Global Note due August 1, 2032 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.4 incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 (included in Exhibit 4.2) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 28, 2017 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

105 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

4.6 
 
 Note Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012, between Worthington Industries, Inc., on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, Pruco Life Insurance Company, Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company, Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. and The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd., on the other hand 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 2012 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.7 
 
 Form of 4.60 Senior Note due August 10, 2024 (included as Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.6 incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 (and included as Exhibit A within Exhibit 4.1) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 15, 2012, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Note Agreement, dated June 10, 2015, among Worthington Industries, Inc., on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, Pruco Life Insurance Company, Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company, Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. and The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd., on the other hand 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2015 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.9 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Note Agreement, dated August 23, 2019, with reference to the Note Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Note Agreement dated June 10, 2015), among Worthington Industries, Inc., on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, Pruco Life Insurance Company, Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company, Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. and The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd., on the other hand 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2019 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.10 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Note Agreement, dated May 4, 2022, with reference to the Note Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Note Agreement dated June 10, 2015 and Amendment No. 2 to Note Agreement dated August 23, 2019), among Worthington Industries, Inc., on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, Pruco Life Insurance Company, Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company, Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. and The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd., on the other hand 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

106 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

4.11 
 
 Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, among Worthington Industries, Inc., Worthington Industries International S. r.l. and Worthington Cylinders GmbH, on the one hand, and PGIM, Inc., The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company and Prudential Legacy Insurance Company of New Jersey, on the other hand 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2019, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No., 1-8399) 

4.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated May 4, 2022, with reference to the Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, among Worthington Industries, Inc., Worthington Industries International S. r.l. and Worthington Cylinders GmbH, on the one hand, and PGIM, Inc., The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company and Prudential Legacy Insurance Company of New Jersey, on the other hand 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

4.13 
 
 Form of 1.56 Series A Senior Note due August 23, 2021 issued on August 23, 2019 by Worthington Industries International S. r.l. (included as Exhibit A-1 within Exhibit 4.1 incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 (and included as Exhibit A-1 within Exhibit 4.1) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2019 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.14 
 
 Form of 1.90 Series B Senior Note due August 23, 2034 issued on August 23, 2019 by Worthington Cylinders GmbH (included as Exhibit A-2 within Exhibit 4.13 incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 (and included as Exhibit A-2 within Exhibit 4.1) to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2019 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.15 
 
 Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019, from Worthington Industries, Inc. in favor of the Holders (as defined in the Guaranty Agreement) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 28, 2019, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.16 
 
 Agreement to furnish instruments and agreements defining rights of holders of long-term debt to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request 
 
 Filed herewith 

4.17 
 
 Description of Capital Stock of Worthington Industries, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A (Amendment No. 1) for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2019 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

4.18 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2021, among Worthington Industries, Inc., as a Borrower; PNC Bank, National Association, as a Lender, the Swingline Lender, an Issuing Bank and Administrative Agent; JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Bank of America, N.A., as Lenders and Syndication Agents; U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, The Huntington National Bank, Fifth Third Bank, National Association, The Northern Trust Company and BMO Harris Bank, N.A., as Lenders; and Truist Bank (as successor to Branch Banking and Trust Company), as a Departing Lender; with U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and The Huntington National Bank serving as Co-Documentation Agents; and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC and Bank of America, N.A. serving as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 25, 2021, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

107 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

4.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 10, 2023, among Worthington Industries, Inc. and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, under the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 20, 2021, by and among Worthington Industries, Inc., the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent 
 
 Filed herewith 

10.1 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective March 1, 2000 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2005 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.2 
 
 Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (Amendment effective as of September 1, 2011) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2011 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (Second Amendment effective as of October 1, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.4 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (Restatement effective December 2008) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.5 
 
 First Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (First Amendment effective as of September 1, 2011) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2011 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.6 
 
 Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (Second Amendment effective as of October 1, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.7 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, as Amended and Restated, effective June 1, 2000 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2000 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, as Amended and Restated, effective June 1, 2000 (Amendment effective as of September 1, 2011) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2011 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.9 
 
 Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, as Amended and Restated (Second Amendment effective as of October 1, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

108 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

10.10 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (Restatement effective as of December 2008) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.11 
 
 First Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (First Amendment effective as of September 1, 2011) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2011 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.12 
 
 Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2005 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (Second Amendment effective as of October 1, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.13 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (amendment and restatement effective as of November 1, 2008) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.14 
 
 First Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (First Amendment effective as of June 26, 2013; performance goals approved by shareholders on September 26, 2013) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2013, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.15 
 
 Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Second Amendment adopted on June 26, 2013; effective as of September 26, 2013 when approved by shareholders) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2013, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.16 
 
 Third Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Third Amendment effective as of June 28, 2017) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.17 
 
 Fourth Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Fourth Amendment adopted as of June 26, 2019;effective September 25, 2019 when approved by shareholders) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2019, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.18 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (reflects First Amendment, Second Amendment, Third Amendment and Fourth Amendment thereto) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2019, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.19 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement for awards granted after October 10, 2019 entered into by Worthington Industries, Inc. in order to evidence the grant of restricted common shares, in each case which will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date, subject to the terms thereof and of the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Filed herewith 

109 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

10.20 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 2006 Equity Incentive Plan for Non-Employee Directors (amended and restated effective as of September 2016) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 3, 2016, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.21 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 5, 2010, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.22 
 
 First Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (First Amendment adopted June 26, 2013; effective September 26, 2013 when approved by shareholders) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2013, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.23 
 
 Second Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (Second Amendment effective as of June 28, 2017) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.24 
 
 Third Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (adopted June 24, 2020; effective September 23, 2020 when approved by shareholders) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 28, 2020, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No.1-8399) 

10.25 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. 2010 Stock Option Plan (as amended by First Amendment, Second Amendment and Third Amendment thereto) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 28, 2020, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.26 
 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan for Executives 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 30, 2008, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

110 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

10.27 
 
 First Amendment to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan for Executives (adopted on June 26, 2013; effective September 26, 2013 when approved by shareholders) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 1, 2013, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.28 
 
 Form of Letter Evidencing Cash Performance Bonus Awards Granted and to be Granted under the Worthington Industries, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan for Executives (sometimes also referred to as the Worthington Industries, Inc. Annual Short Term Incentive Plan) 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.42 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.29 
 
 Summary of Annual Base Salaries Approved for Named Executive Officers of Worthington Industries, Inc. 
 
 Filed herewith 

10.30 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2014 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2013 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

10.31 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2015 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2014 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

10.32 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2016 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2015 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

10.33 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2017 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.71 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.34 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2018 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2017 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

10.35 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2019 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

111 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

10.36 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2020 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2019 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.37 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2021 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

10.38 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2022 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2021 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.39 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2023 for then Named Executive Officers 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8399). 

10.40 
 
 Summary of Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards, Long-Term Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Common Shares granted in Fiscal 2024 for Named Executive Officers 
 
 Filed herewith 

10.41 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by Worthington Industries, Inc. with B. Andrew Rose in order to evidence the grant, effective as of September 26, 2018, of 175,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.42 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by Worthington Industries, Inc. with Geoffrey G. Gilmore in order to evidence the grant, effective as of September 26, 2018, of 50,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2018 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.43 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Worthington Industries, Inc. and each executive officer of Worthington Industries, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.44 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Worthington Industries, Inc. and each non-employee director of Worthington Industries, Inc. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2008 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.45 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by and between Worthington Industries, Inc. and Geoffrey G. Gilmore in order to evidence the grant, effective as of June 25, 2020, of 25,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.46 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by and between Worthington Industries, Inc. and Jeff Klingler in order to evidence the grant, effective as of June 25, 2020, of 10,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

112 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

10.47 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by and between Worthington Industries, Inc. and Eric M. Smolenski in order to evidence the grant, effective as of June 25, 2020, of 10,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2020 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.48 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by and between Worthington Industries, Inc. and Joseph B. Hayek in order to evidence the grant, effective as of September 25, 2019, of 50,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.89 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.49 
 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement entered into by and between Worthington Industries, Inc. and Steven M. Caravati in order to evidence the grant, effective as of June 24, 2022, of 10,000 performance-based restricted common shares pursuant to the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.50 
 
 Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2022, among Worthington Receivables Company, LLC, Worthington Industries, Inc., the persons that from time to time will be lenders party thereunder, PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as structuring agent (the Receivables Financing Agreement [NOTE: The Receivables Financing Agreement was terminated by Worthington Receivables Company, LLC and Worthington Industries, Inc. on June 29, 2023.] 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 19, 2022, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.51 
 
 First Amendment to the Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of October 6, 2022, among Worthington Receivables Company, LLC, Worthington Industries, Inc., PNC Bank, National Association and PNC Capital Markets LLC [NOTE: The Receivables Financing Agreement was terminated by Worthington Receivables Company, LLC and Worthington Industries, Inc. on June 29, 2023] 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2022 (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.52 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of May 19, 2022, among Worthington Receivables Company, LLC, Worthington Steel Rome, LLC, The Worthington Steel Company, LLC and The Worthington Steel Company [NOTE: The Purchase and Sale Agreement was terminated by Worthington Receivables Company, LLC on June 29, 2023.] 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 19, 2022 and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

10.53 
 
 Performance Guaranty, dated as of May 19, 2022, executed by Worthington Industries, Inc. in favor of PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator, for the benefit of PNC Bank, National Association and the other secured parties from time to time party to the Receivables Financing Agreement [NOTE: The Performance Guaranty was terminated by Worthington Industries, Inc. on June 29, 2023. 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 19, 2022, and filed with the SEC on the same date (SEC File No. 1-8399) 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of Worthington Industries, Inc. 
 
 Filed herewith 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP) 
 
 Filed herewith 

113 
 
 Table of Contents 

Exhibit 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 Location 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditors (KPMG LLP) with respect to consolidated financial statements of Worthington Armstrong Venture 
 
 Filed herewith 

24 
 
 Powers of Attorney of Directors and Certain Executive Officers of Worthington Industries, Inc. 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a - 14(a) / 15d - 14(a) Certifications (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Filed herewith 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a - 14(a) / 15d - 14(a) Certifications (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Filed herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certifications of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed herewith 

99.1 
 
 Worthington Armstrong Venture Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 Filed herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Date File because its XBRL tabs are imbedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith # 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith # 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith # 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith # 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Submitted electronically herewith # 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Date File 
 
 The cover page from this Form 10-K, formatted in Inline XBRL is included within the Exhibit 101 attachments 

The Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits referenced in the Equity Purchase Agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of SEC Regulation S-K. The Registrant will supplementally furnish a copy of any of the omitted Disclosure Schedules and Exhibits to the SEC on a confidential basis upon request. 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 # Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Form 10-K are the following documents formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): 
 (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 31, 2023 and 2022; 

(ii) Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; 

(iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; 

(iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; 

(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021; and 

(vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

114 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 

Date: July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ B. Andrew Rose 

B. Andrew Rose 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

SIGNATURE 
 
 DATE 
 
 TITLE 

/s/ B. Andrew Rose 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

B. Andrew Rose 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Joseph B. Hayek 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Joseph B. Hayek 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Steven R. Witt 
 
 July 31, 2023 
 
 Corporate Controller 

Steven R. Witt 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Executive Chairman and a Director 

John P. McConnell 

Director 

Kerrii B. Anderson 

Director 

David P. Blom 

Director 

John B. Blystone 

Director 

Mark C. Davis 

Director 

Michael J. Endres 

Director 

Ozey K. Horton, Jr. 

Director 

Peter Karmanos, Jr. 

Director 

John H. McConnell II 

Director 

Carl A. Nelson, Jr. 

Director 

Sidney A. Ribeau 

Director 

Mary Schiavo 

115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this report on behalf of each of the above-identified directors of the Registrant pursuant to powers of attorney executed by such directors, which powers of attorney are filed with this report within Exhibit 24. 

By: 
 
 /s/ B. Andrew Rose 
 Date: July 31, 2023 

B. Andrew Rose 

Attorney-In-Fact 

116 

<EX-4.12>
 2
 wor-ex4_12.htm
 EX-4.12

EX-4.12 

Exhibit 4.12 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 May 4, 2022 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. 200 Old Wilson Bridge Road Columbus, Ohio 43085 
 Re:	Amendment No. 3 to Note Agreement 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 This letter agreement (this Letter makes reference to that certain Note Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2012 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Note Agreement dated June 10, 2015 and Amendment No. 2 to Note Agreement dated August 23, 2019, the Note Agreement ), among Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), on the one hand, and The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, Pruco Life Insurance Company, Prudential Arizona Reinsurance Universal Company, Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation, The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd., and The Gibraltar Life Insurance Co., Ltd., on the other hand. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Agreement, as amended hereby. 
 The Company has requested that the holders of the Notes agree to certain modifications to the Note Agreement, as more particularly set forth below. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the undersigned holders of the Notes are willing to agree to such request. Accordingly, and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 11C of the Note Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Note Agreement . Effective upon the Effective Date (as defined in Section 2 below) the Note Agreement is amended as follows: 
 1.1.	Paragraph 6F of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to date of closing contained therein and inserting Amendment No. 3 Effective Date in lieu thereof. 
 1.2.	Paragraph 8A(1) of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to date of closing contained therein and inserting Amendment No. 3 Effective Date in lieu thereof. 
 1.3.	Paragraph 10B of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by adding or amending and restating, as applicable, each of the following definitions: 
 Amendment No. 3 Effective Date shall mean May 4, 2022. 

AR Facility shall mean the receivables financing facility by and among Worthington Receivables, as seller, the Company, as servicer, the members of the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator, in each case as may be amended, restated, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time (or any replacement or substitute thereof). 
 Consolidated Total Assets shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of the amounts that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Worthington Receivables shall mean Worthington Receivables Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company established as a special purpose entity for the Company s trade receivables securitization facility. 
 1.4.	The Note Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Schedules 6F and 8A(1) in their entirety to read as set forth on Schedules 6F and 8A(1), respectively, attached to this Letter. 
 SECTION 2. 	 Effectiveness . The amendments in Section 1 of this Letter shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date that each of the following conditions has been satisfied: 
 2.1.	 Documents .	Each holder of a Note shall have received original counterparts of this Letter executed by the Company. 
 2.2.	 Representations . All representations set forth in Section 3 shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date. 
 2.3.	 Fees and Expenses . The Company shall have paid the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of ArentFox Schiff LLP, special counsel to the holders of Notes incurred in connection with this Letter. 
 2.4.	 Proceedings . All corporate and other proceedings taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Letter shall be satisfactory to such holder of Notes and its counsel, and such holder shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as they may reasonably request. 
 SECTION 3.	 Representations and Warranties . The Company represents and warrants to the holders of the Notes that, after giving effect hereto (a) the execution and delivery of this Letter has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on behalf of the Company and this Letter has been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of the Company, and all necessary or required consents to and approvals of this Letter have been obtained and are in full force and effect, (b) the representations and warranties set forth in paragraph 8 of the Note Agreement are true and correct as of the date of the execution and delivery of this Letter by the Company with the same effect as if made on such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct as of 
 	 2 

such earlier date), and (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof. 
 SECTION 4.	 Reference to and Effect on Note Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of the amendments made in this Letter, each reference to the Note Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Note Agreement as amended by this Letter. Except as specifically set forth in Section 1 hereof, the Note Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except as specifically stated in Section 1 of this Letter, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Letter shall not (a) amend the Note Agreement, any Note or any other document relating thereto, (b) operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the holder of any Note, or (c) constitute a waiver of, or consent to any departure from, any provision of the Note Agreement, any Note or any other document relating thereto at any time. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Letter shall not be construed as a course of dealing or other implication that any holder of the Notes has agreed to or is prepared to grant any amendment to, waiver of or consent under the Note Agreement, any Note or any other document relating thereto in the future, whether or not under similar circumstances. 
 SECTION 5. 	 Expenses . The Company hereby confirms its obligations under the Note Agreement, whether or not the transactions hereby contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by the holders of the Notes all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by such holders in connection with this Letter or the transactions contemplated hereby, in enforcing any rights under this Letter, or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Letter or the transactions contemplated hereby. The obligations of the Company under this Section 5 shall survive transfer by any holder of any Note and payment of any Note. 
 SECTION 6.	Governing Law . THIS LETTER SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS LETTER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LETTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE THIS LETTER TO BE CONSTRUED OR ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES TO BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION). 
 SECTION 7. 	 Counterparts; Section Titles . This Letter may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Letter by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Letter. The section titles contained in this Letter are and shall be without substance, meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto.	 
 	 3 

[remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows] 
 
 	 4 

Very truly yours, THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA 
 
 By:	PGIM., Inc. (as Investment manager) 
 
 By : /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 	Vice President 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF 
 NEW JERSEY 
 PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 By:	PGIM., Inc. (as Investment manager) 
 
 By : /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 	Vice President 

PRUDENTIAL ARIZONA REINSURANCE 
 						 UNIVERSAL COMPANY 
 						PRUDENTIAL ANNUITIES LIFE 
 						 ASSURANCE CORPORATION 
 
 						 By:	PGIM., Inc. (as Investment manager) 
 	 
 						By : /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 							Vice President 

THE PRUDENTIAL LIFE INSURANCE 
 						 COMPANY, LTD. 
 						THE GIBRALTAR LIFE INSURANCE 
 						 CO., LTD. 
 						 
 						By:	Prudential Investment Management (Japan), 								Inc. (as Investment Manager) 
 
 						By:	PGIM., Inc. (as Sub-Adviser) 
 
 By: /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 Vice President 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Note Agreement	 

THE LETTER IS AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 By: /s/Marcus A. Rogier	 Name: Marcus A. Rogier Title: Treasurer 

Amendment No. 3 to Note Agreement	 

SCHEDULE 6F 
 UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES 
 Domestic Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington-Buckeye, Inc. (OH) 
 GerCo Holdings, Inc. (OH) Worthington Receivables Company, LLC (DE) Worthington Industries Leasing, LLC (OH) 
 Worthington Military Construction, Inc. (OH) 
 Worthington Mid-Rise Construction, Inc. (OH) 
 
 Foreign Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington Cylinders GmbH (Austria) Worthington Steel Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Worthington Industries International S. .r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 
 6F- 1 

SCHEDULE 8A(1) 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Domestic Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington-Buckeye, Inc. (OH) 
 GerCo Holdings, Inc. (OH) Worthington Receivables Company, LLC (DE) Worthington Industries Leasing, LLC (OH) 
 Worthington Military Construction, Inc. (OH) 
 Worthington Mid-Rise Construction, Inc. (OH) 

Foreign Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington Cylinders GmbH (Austria) Worthington Steel Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Worthington Industries International S. .r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 
 Restricted Subsidiaries 

Worthington Services, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Industries Medical Center, Inc. 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. (d/b/a The Worthington Steel Company) 
 Michigan 

New AMTROL Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

AMTROL Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

AMTROL North American Cylinders, LLC 
 Delaware 

AMTROL Water Technology, LLC 
 Delaware 

AMTROL International Investments Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

AMTROL Holding Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 

AMTROL Holding Portugal, SGPS, Unipessoal, Lda 
 Portugal 

AMTROL-ALFA Metalomecanica, S.A. 
 Portugal 

AMTROL Licensing Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

Cleveland Pickling, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Precision Specialty Metals, Inc. 
 Delaware 

WI Ventures, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinder Corporation 
 Ohio 

dHybrid Systems, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cryogenics, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Industries Poland Sp. z.o.o. 
 Poland 

Worthington Industries Germany UG 
 Germany 

Worthington Cylinders Kansas, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Wisconsin, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Industries Engineered Cabs, Inc. (d/b/a Angus Industries, Inc.) 
 Delaware 

The Worthington Steel Company (formerly Worthington Ventures, Inc.) 
 Delaware 

Worthington CDBS Holding, LLC 
 Ohio 

The Worthington Steel Company 
 Ohio 

The Worthington Steel Company, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel Company of Decatur, LLC 
 Alabama 

Worthington Steel Rome, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington WSP, LLC 
 Michigan 

WC Realty Holdings, LLC GTI Holding Company General Tools Instruments Company, LLC Mannix Instruments Co., LLC PTI Distributors, LLC General Tools Instruments (Shanghai) Company, Ltd. PTEC Pressure Technology GmbH Tempel Steel Company, LLC Tempel HK Holding Co., Limited T DO B, LLC Tempel Changzhou Precision Metal Products Co. Ltd. Tempel Canada Corporation Tempel Precision Metal Products India Pvt Ltd. Tempel de Mexico, S de R.I. de C.V. Spartan Steel Coating, LLC 
 Ohio Delaware New York New York New York China Germany Illinois Hong Kong Illinois China Canada India Mexico Michigan 

TWB Company, LLC 
 Michigan 

Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 

TWB of Ohio, Inc. 
 Ohio 

TWB Industries, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Specialty Processing (WSP) 
 Michigan 

Worthington Taylor, LLC 
 Michigan 

ProCoil Company, LLC 
 Delaware 

Worthington Samuel Coil Processing, LLC 
 Ohio 

Spartan Steel Coating, LLC Spartan ), , TWB Company, L.L.C., TWB of Ohio, Inc., Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc., TWB Industries, S.A. de C.V., TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., Worthington Specialty Processing WSP ), Worthington Taylor, LLC, ProCoil Company, LLC, and Worthington Samuel Coil Processing, LLC are the only Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of the Company. Worthington Steel of Michigan Inc. owns 52 of the Equity Interests in Spartan and AK Steel Corporation owns the remaining 48 . Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. owns 55 of the Equity Interests in TWB Company, L.L.C. and a subsidiary of Boashan Iron Steel Co., Ltd. owns the remaining 45 . TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 100 of the Equity Interests in Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc. 

TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 100 of the Equity Interests in TWB of Ohio, Inc. TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 99 of the Equity Interests in TWB Industries, S.A. de C.V. and TWB of Ohio, Inc. owns the remaining 1 . TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 99 of the Equity Interests in TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and TWB of Ohio, Inc. owns the remaining 1 . Worthington WSP, LLC owns 51 of the Equity Interests in WSP and USS WSP, LLC owns the remaining 49 . Worthington Specialty Processing owns 100 of the Equity Interests in Worthington Taylor, LLC. Worthington Specialty Processing owns 100 of the Equity Interests in ProCoil Company, LLC. Cleveland Pickling, Inc owns 63 of the Equity Interests in Worthington Samuel Coil Processing, LLC and Samuel Manu-Tech Pickling, Inc. owns the remaining 37 . 

CH2:25850317.3 

</EX-4.12>

<EX-4.14>
 3
 wor-ex4_14.htm
 EX-4.14

EX-4.14 

Exhibit 4.14 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 May 4, 2022 
 Worthington Industries, Inc. 200 Old Wilson Bridge Road Columbus, Ohio 43085 
 Re:	Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 This letter agreement (this Letter makes reference to that certain Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2019 (the Note Agreement ), among Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation (the Company ), Worthington Industries International S. r.l., a private limited liability company soci t responsabilit limit e having its registered office at 2B, Ennert dem Bierg, L-5244 Sandweiler, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register under number B 155530 and having a share capital of EUR58,818 (herein called LuxCo ), and Worthington Cylinders GmbH, a limited liability company Gesellschaft mit beschr nkter Haftung under Austrian law, having its seat at Kienberg, municipality Gaming, and its registered business address at Beim Flaschenwerk 1, 3291 Kienberg, Austria, registered with the Austrian companies register under number FN 167898 i (herein called AustriaCo ; together with LuxCo, collectively the Issuers ; and the Issuers together with the Company, the Obligors ), on the one hand, and PGIM, Inc. Prudential ), The Prudential Insurance Company of America, Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey, Pruco Life Insurance Company and each other Prudential Affiliate which becomes a party thereto, on the other hand. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Note Agreement, as amended hereby. 
 The Obligors have requested that the holders of the Notes agree to certain modifications to the Note Agreement, as more particularly set forth below. 
 Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, the undersigned holders of the Notes are willing to agree to such request. Accordingly, and in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 11C of the Note Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Note Agreement . Effective upon the Effective Date (as defined in Section 2 below) the Note Agreement is amended as follows: 
 1.1.	Paragraph 6F of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to date of closing contained therein and inserting Amendment No. 1 Effective Date in lieu thereof. 

1.2.	Paragraph 8A(1) of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by deleting each reference to date of closing contained therein and inserting Amendment No. 1 Effective Date in lieu thereof. 
 1.3.	Paragraph 10B of the Note Agreement is hereby amended by adding or amending and restating, as applicable, each of the following definitions: 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall mean May 4, 2022. 
 AR Facility shall mean the receivables financing facility by and among Worthington Receivables, as seller, the Company, as servicer, the members of the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrator, in each case as may be amended, restated, refinanced or otherwise modified from time to time (or any replacement or substitute thereof). 
 Consolidated Total Assets shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of the amounts that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the total assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 Worthington Receivables shall mean Worthington Receivables Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company established as a special purpose entity for the Company s trade receivables securitization facility. 
 1.4.	The Note Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating Schedules 6F and 8A(1) in their entirety to read as set forth on Schedules 6F and 8A(1), respectively, attached to this Letter. 
 SECTION 2. 	 Effectiveness . The amendments in Section 1 of this Letter shall become effective on the date (the Effective Date that each of the following conditions has been satisfied: 
 2.1.	 Documents .	Prudential and each holder of a Note shall have received original counterparts of this Letter executed by the Obligors. 
 2.2.	 Representations . All representations set forth in Section 3 shall be true and correct as of the Effective Date. 
 2.3.	 Fees and Expenses . The Obligors shall have paid the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of ArentFox Schiff LLP, special counsel to Prudential and the holders of Notes incurred in connection with this Letter. 
 2.4.	 Proceedings . All corporate and other proceedings taken or to be taken in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Letter shall be satisfactory to Prudential and such holder of Notes and its counsel, and such holder shall have received all such counterpart originals or certified or other copies of such documents as they may reasonably request. 
 	 2 

SECTION 3.	 Representations and Warranties . The Obligors represent and warrant to the holders of the Notes that, after giving effect hereto (a) the execution and delivery of this Letter has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on behalf of the Obligors and this Letter has been duly executed and delivered by a duly authorized officer of each Obligor, and all necessary or required consents to and approvals of this Letter have been obtained and are in full force and effect, (b) the representations and warranties set forth in paragraph 8 of the Note Agreement are true and correct as of the date of the execution and delivery of this Letter by the Obligors with the same effect as if made on such date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly refer to an earlier date, in which case they were true and correct as of such earlier date), and (c) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing on the date hereof. 
 SECTION 4.	 Reference to and Effect on Note Agreement . Upon the effectiveness of the amendments made in this Letter, each reference to the Note Agreement in any other document, instrument or agreement shall mean and be a reference to the Note Agreement as amended by this Letter. Except as specifically set forth in Section 1 hereof, the Note Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and confirmed in all respects. Except as specifically stated in Section 1 of this Letter, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Letter shall not (a) amend the Note Agreement, any Note or any other document relating thereto, (b) operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Prudential or the holder of any Note, or (c) constitute a waiver of, or consent to any departure from, any provision of the Note Agreement, any Note or any other document relating thereto at any time. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Letter shall not be construed as a course of dealing or other implication that Prudential or any holder of the Notes has agreed to or is prepared to grant any amendment to, waiver of or consent under the Note Agreement, any Note or any other document relating thereto in the future, whether or not under similar circumstances. 
 SECTION 5. 	 Expenses . The Obligors hereby confirm their obligations under the Note Agreement, whether or not the transactions hereby contemplated are consummated, to pay, promptly after request by Prudential or the holders of the Notes all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses, including attorneys fees and expenses, incurred by Prudential or such holders in connection with this Letter or the transactions contemplated hereby, in enforcing any rights under this Letter, or in responding to any subpoena or other legal process or informal investigative demand issued in connection with this Letter or the transactions contemplated hereby. The obligations of the Obligors under this Section 5 shall survive transfer by any holder of any Note and payment of any Note. 
 SECTION 6.	Governing Law . THIS LETTER SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS LETTER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIMS OR DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LETTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT OR TORT) SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (EXCLUDING ANY CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES WHICH WOULD OTHERWISE CAUSE THIS LETTER TO BE CONSTRUED OR ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, OR THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES TO BE GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION). 
 	 3 

SECTION 7. 	 Counterparts; Section Titles . This Letter may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Letter by facsimile or electronic transmission shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Letter. The section titles contained in this Letter are and shall be without substance, meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not a part of the agreement between the parties hereto.	 
 [remainder of page intentionally left blank; signature page follows] 
 
 	 4 

Very truly yours, PGIM, INC. 

By: /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 Vice President 

THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA 
 
 By: PGIM, Inc., as investment manager 

By: /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 Vice President 

PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY 
 
 By: PGIM, Inc., as investment manager 

By: /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 Vice President 

PRUDENTIAL LEGACY INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY 
 
 By: PGIM, Inc., as investment manager 

By: /s/Dianna D. Carr-Coletta 
 Vice President 
 Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement	 

THE LETTER IS AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED BY: 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 By: /s/Marcus A. Rogier 
 Name: Marcus A. Rogier Title: Treasurer 

WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES 	INTERNATIONAL S. R.L. By: /s/Marcus A. Rogier Name: Marcus A. Rogier Title: Treasurer 

WORTHINGTON CYLINDERS GMBH By: /s/Marcus A. Rogier Name: Marcus A. Rogier Title: Treasurer 

Amendment No. 1 to Note Purchase and Private Shelf Agreement	 

SCHEDULE 6F 
 UNRESTRICTED SUBSIDIARIES 
 Domestic Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington-Buckeye, Inc. (OH) 
 GerCo Holdings, Inc. (OH) Worthington Receivables Company, LLC (DE) Worthington Industries Leasing, LLC (OH) 
 Worthington Military Construction, Inc. (OH) 
 Worthington Mid-Rise Construction, Inc. (OH) 
 
 Foreign Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington Cylinders GmbH (Austria) Worthington Steel Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Worthington Industries International S. .r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 
 6F- 1 

SCHEDULE 8A(1) 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Domestic Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington-Buckeye, Inc. (OH) 
 GerCo Holdings, Inc. (OH) Worthington Receivables Company, LLC (DE) Worthington Industries Leasing, LLC (OH) 
 Worthington Military Construction, Inc. (OH) 
 Worthington Mid-Rise Construction, Inc. (OH) 

Foreign Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 Worthington Cylinders GmbH (Austria) Worthington Steel Mexico, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico) Worthington Industries International S. .r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 
 Restricted Subsidiaries 

Worthington Services, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Industries Medical Center, Inc. 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. (d/b/a The Worthington Steel Company) 
 Michigan 

New AMTROL Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

AMTROL Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

AMTROL North American Cylinders, LLC 
 Delaware 

AMTROL Water Technology, LLC 
 Delaware 

AMTROL International Investments Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

AMTROL Holding Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 

AMTROL Holding Portugal, SGPS, Unipessoal, Lda 
 Portugal 

AMTROL-ALFA Metalomecanica, S.A. 
 Portugal 

AMTROL Licensing Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

Cleveland Pickling, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Precision Specialty Metals, Inc. 
 Delaware 

WI Ventures, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinder Corporation 
 Ohio 

dHybrid Systems, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cryogenics, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Industries Poland Sp. z.o.o. 
 Poland 

Worthington Industries Germany UG 
 Germany 

Worthington Cylinders Kansas, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Wisconsin, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Industries Engineered Cabs, Inc. (d/b/a Angus Industries, Inc.) 
 Delaware 

The Worthington Steel Company (formerly Worthington Ventures, Inc.) 
 Delaware 

Worthington CDBS Holding, LLC 
 Ohio 

The Worthington Steel Company 
 Ohio 

The Worthington Steel Company, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel Company of Decatur, LLC 
 Alabama 

Worthington Steel Rome, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington WSP, LLC 
 Michigan 

WC Realty Holdings, LLC GTI Holding Company General Tools Instruments Company, LLC Mannix Instruments Co., LLC PTI Distributors, LLC General Tools Instruments (Shanghai) Company, Ltd. PTEC Pressure Technology GmbH Tempel Steel Company, LLC Tempel HK Holding Co., Limited T DO B, LLC Tempel Changzhou Precision Metal Products Co. Ltd. Tempel Canada Corporation Tempel Precision Metal Products India Pvt Ltd. Tempel de Mexico, S de R.I. de C.V. Spartan Steel Coating, LLC 
 Ohio Delaware New York New York New York China Germany Illinois Hong Kong Illinois China Canada India Mexico Michigan 

TWB Company, LLC 
 Michigan 

Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 

TWB of Ohio, Inc. 
 Ohio 

TWB Industries, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Specialty Processing (WSP) 
 Michigan 

Worthington Taylor, LLC 
 Michigan 

ProCoil Company, LLC 
 Delaware 

Worthington Samuel Coil Processing, LLC 
 Ohio 

Spartan Steel Coating, LLC Spartan ), , TWB Company, L.L.C., TWB of Ohio, Inc., Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc., TWB Industries, S.A. de C.V., TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V., Worthington Specialty Processing WSP ), Worthington Taylor, LLC, ProCoil Company, LLC, and Worthington Samuel Coil Processing, LLC are the only Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries of the Company. Worthington Steel of Michigan Inc. owns 52 of the Equity Interests in Spartan and AK Steel Corporation owns the remaining 48 . Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. owns 55 of the Equity Interests in TWB Company, L.L.C. and a subsidiary of Boashan Iron Steel Co., Ltd. owns the remaining 45 . TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 100 of the Equity Interests in Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc. 

TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 100 of the Equity Interests in TWB of Ohio, Inc. TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 99 of the Equity Interests in TWB Industries, S.A. de C.V. and TWB of Ohio, Inc. owns the remaining 1 . TWB Company, L.L.C. owns 99 of the Equity Interests in TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and TWB of Ohio, Inc. owns the remaining 1 . Worthington WSP, LLC owns 51 of the Equity Interests in WSP and USS WSP, LLC owns the remaining 49 . Worthington Specialty Processing owns 100 of the Equity Interests in Worthington Taylor, LLC. Worthington Specialty Processing owns 100 of the Equity Interests in ProCoil Company, LLC. Cleveland Pickling, Inc owns 63 of the Equity Interests in Worthington Samuel Coil Processing, LLC and Samuel Manu-Tech Pickling, Inc. owns the remaining 37 . 

</EX-4.14>

<EX-4.16>
 4
 wor-ex4_16.htm
 EX-4.16

EX-4.16 

Exhibit 4.16 
 July 31, 2023 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 100 F Street, NE 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Re:	Worthington Industries, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 
 - SEC File No. 1-8399 
 Ladies and Gentlemen: 
 Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, is today filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K ). 
 None of (i) Worthington Industries, Inc., (ii) any of the consolidated subsidiaries of Worthington Industries, Inc. or (iii) Worthington Armstrong Venture, a 50 -owned unconsolidated joint venture (in the form of a general partnership between Armstrong Ventures, Inc., a subsidiary of Armstrong World Industries, Inc., and The Worthington Steel Company (Delaware), a subsidiary of Worthington Industries, Inc.), for which financial statements are required to be filed with the Form 10-K, has outstanding any instrument or agreement with respect to its long-term debt, other than those filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Form 10-K, under which the total amount of long-term debt authorized exceeds 10 of the total assets of Worthington Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. In accordance with the provisions of Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of SEC Regulation S-K, Worthington Industries, Inc. hereby agrees to furnish to the SEC, upon request, a copy of each instrument or agreement defining (i) the rights of holders of the long-term debt of Worthington Industries, Inc. or (ii) the rights of holders of the long-term debt of a consolidated subsidiary of Worthington Industries, Inc. or (iii) the rights of holders of the long-term debt of Worthington Armstrong Venture, in each case which is not being filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Form 10-K. 

Very truly yours, 

WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 

/s/ Joseph B. Hayek 

Joseph B. Hayek 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-4.16>

<EX-4.19>
 5
 wor-ex4_19.htm
 EX-4.19

EX-4.19 

EXHIBIT 4.19 
 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 1 
 
 to 
 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of May 10, 2023 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 (this Amendment is made as of May 10, 2023 by and among Worthington Industries, Inc. (the Company and PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ), under that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 20, 2021 by and among the Company, the Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Existing Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to them in the Amended Credit Agreement (as defined below). 
 WHEREAS, in accordance with the definition of Early Opt-In Election under the Existing Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent has determined that Dollar denominated syndicated credit facilities being executed at this time are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate that is a SOFR-based rate and the Administrative Agent and the Company have elected to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the Administrative Agent desires to provide written notice of such election to the Company and the Lenders; 
 WHEREAS, accordingly, pursuant to Section 2.14(d)(ii) of the Existing Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent has determined in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement that the Adjusted LIBO Rate (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) with respect to Dollars should be replaced with the applicable Benchmark Replacement (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) for all purposes under the Credit Agreement and any Loan Document and such changes shall become effective at and after the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election and a copy of this Amendment is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders (such time, the Objection Deadline ), written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders; 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 2.14(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement, in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent has the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Existing Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document; and 
 WHEREAS, this Amendment both evidences an Early Opt-In Election as described above and constitutes Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes with respect to the replacement of the Adjusted LIBO Rate with a Term SOFR-based rate chosen in accordance with the definition of Benchmark Replacement in the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises set forth above, the terms and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which 

are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Administrative Agent hereby agree to enter into this Amendment. 
 1. Amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement . Effective as of the date of satisfaction of the conditions of effectiveness set forth in Section 2 below (the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date ), the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement (excluding all Schedules and Exhibits which shall remain in the form most recently delivered) is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated in the same manner as the following example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text as set forth on Exhibit A hereto (the Existing Credit Agreement as so modified and amended, collectively, the Amended Credit Agreement ). 

2. Conditions of Effectiveness . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) The Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts of this Amendment duly executed by the Company and the Administrative Agent; 

(b) The Administrative Agent has not received, by the Objection Deadline, written notice of objection to such applicable Benchmark Replacement or the amendments to the Credit Agreement as provided herein from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders; and 

(c) The Administrative Agent shall have received payment of the Administrative Agent s and its affiliates reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent) in connection with this Amendment. 

3. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby represents and warrants as follows: 

(a) This Amendment and the Amended Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Company, enforceable in accordance with its terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws in effect from time to time affecting the rights of creditors generally and except as such enforceability may be subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 

(b) As of the date hereof, both immediately before and immediately after giving effect to the terms of this Amendment, (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (ii) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation and warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier) with the same effect as though made on and as of the date hereof (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date is true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects in the case of any representation and warranty qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect) only as of such specified date). 

4. Reference to and Effect on the Existing Credit Agreement . 

(a) Upon the effectiveness hereof, each reference to the Credit Agreement or this Agreement in the Amended Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document shall mean and be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement. 

2 

(b) The Amended Credit Agreement and all other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

(c) Except as expressly provided herein, the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Existing Credit Agreement or any other documents, instruments and agreements executed and/or delivered in connection therewith. 

(d) This Amendment is a Loan Document. 

5. Governing Law . This Amendment shall be governed by and construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. The parties hereto agree that the provisions of Section 9.09 of the Amended Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated by reference, mutatis mutandis . 

6. Headings . Section headings in this Amendment are included herein for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part of this Amendment for any other purpose. 

7. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed by one or more of the parties hereto on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Amendment that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Amendment shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided, that, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Company or any other Borrower without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature, and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. 

8. Notice Under Section 2.14(d)(iv) . Delivery of a copy of this Amendment to the Company and the Lenders (including pursuant to an Electronic System or other electronic transmission) shall constitute notice to any such Person under Section 2.14(d)(iv) of the Existing Credit Agreement of (a) the occurrence of an Early Opt-in Election and its related Benchmark Replacement Date upon the effectiveness hereof, (b) the implementation of the Benchmark Replacement and (c) the effectiveness of the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case, referenced herein. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 
 
 	 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC., 
 as the Company 

By: /s/ Marcus Rogier Name: Marcus Rogier 
 Title: Treasurer 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Administrative Agent 

By: /s/ Joseph McElhinny 
 Name: Joseph McElhinny 
 Title: Senior Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 1 to 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

EXHIBIT A 

Deal CUSIP 98181DAC0 Revolving Loan CUSIP 98181DAD8 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 20, 2021, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of May 10, 2023 among WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. The Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers Party Hereto The Lenders Party Hereto PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION as Administrative Agent JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as Syndication Agents and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK as Documentation Agents 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as Joint Bookrunners and Joint Lead Arrangers 

Table Of Contents 
 Page 

ARTICLE I Definitions 
 1 

Section 1.01. 
 Defined Terms 
 1 

Section 1.02. 
 Classification of Loans and Borrowings 
 32 

Section 1.03. 
 Terms Generally 
 32 

Section 1.04. 
 Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations 
 33 

Section 1.05. 
 Status of Obligations 
 34 

Section 1.06. 
 Benchmark Replacement Notification 
 34 

ARTICLE II The Credits 
 34 

Section 2.01. 
 Commitments 
 34 

Section 2.02. 
 Loans and Borrowings 
 34 

Section 2.03. 
 Requests for Revolving Borrowings 
 35 

Section 2.04. 
 Utilization of Commitments in a Foreign Currency 
 36 

Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Loans 
 37 

Section 2.06. 
 Letters of Credit 
 39 

Section 2.07. 
 Funding of Borrowings 
 46 

Section 2.08. 
 Interest Elections 
 46 

Section 2.09. 
 Termination and Reduction of Commitments 
 48 

Section 2.10. 
 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt 
 49 

Section 2.11. 
 Prepayment of Loans 
 50 

Section 2.12. 
 Fees 
 50 

Section 2.13. 
 Interest 
 51 

Section 2.14. 
 Alternate Rate of Interest 
 52 

Section 2.15. 
 Increased Costs 
 55 

Section 2.16. 
 Break Funding Payments 
 57 

Section 2.17. 
 Taxes 
 57 

Section 2.18. 
 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set offs 
 61 

Section 2.19. 
 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders 
 63 

Section 2.20. 
 Expansion Option 
 64 

Section 2.21. 
 [Intentionally Omitted] 
 65 

Section 2.22. 
 Judgment Currency 
 65 

Section 2.23. 
 Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers 
 66 

Section 2.24. 
 Defaulting Lenders 
 67 

Section 2.25. 
 Returned Payments 
 69 

ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 70 

Section 3.01. 
 Organization 
 70 

Section 3.02. 
 Financial Condition 
 70 

Table Of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

Section 3.03. 
 Litigation, Etc 
 70 

Section 3.04. 
 Taxes 
 70 

Section 3.05. 
 Authority 
 71 

Section 3.06. 
 Other Defaults 
 71 

Section 3.07. 
 Licenses, Etc 
 71 

Section 3.08. 
 ERISA 
 71 

Section 3.09. 
 Environmental Matters 
 71 

Section 3.10. 
 Ownership of Property; Liens 
 71 

Section 3.11. 
 Insurance 
 71 

Section 3.12. 
 Subsidiaries 
 71 

Section 3.13. 
 Margin Regulation; Investment Company Act 
 72 

Section 3.14. 
 Disclosure 
 72 

Section 3.15. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 
 73 

Section 3.16. 
 Affected Financial Institutions 
 73 

Section 3.17. 
 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions 
 73 

ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 73 

Section 4.01. 
 Effective Date 
 73 

Section 4.02. 
 Each Credit Event 
 75 

Section 4.03. 
 Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 
 75 

ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 76 

Section 5.01. 
 Information 
 76 

Section 5.02. 
 Books and Records 
 78 

Section 5.03. 
 Payment of Obligations 
 78 

Section 5.04. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 78 

Section 5.05. 
 Environmental Violations 
 79 

Section 5.06. 
 ERISA Compliance 
 79 

Section 5.07. 
 Maintenance of Properties 
 79 

Section 5.08. 
 Maintenance of Insurance 
 79 

Section 5.09. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 79 

Section 5.10. 
 Existence; Conduct of Business 
 79 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 80 

Section 6.01. 
 Limitation on Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries 
 80 

Section 6.02. 
 Restriction on Liens 
 80 

Section 6.03. 
 Investments 
 80 

Section 6.04. 
 Merger 
 81 

2 
 
 Table Of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

Section 6.05. 
 Dispositions 
 82 

Section 6.06. 
 ERISA 
 82 

Section 6.07. 
 Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 82 

Section 6.08. 
 Change in Nature of Business 
 83 

Section 6.09. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 83 

Section 6.10. 
 Burdensome Agreements 
 83 

Section 6.11. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 83 

Section 6.12. 
 Governance Documents 
 83 

Section 6.13. 
 Financial Covenants 
 83 

Section 6.14. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness and Amendments to Subordinated Indebtedness Documents 
 83 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 84 

ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan 
 86 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 89 

Section 9.01. 
 Notices 
 89 

Section 9.02. 
 Waivers; Amendments 
 90 

Section 9.03. 
 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver 
 92 

Section 9.04. 
 Successors and Assigns 
 94 

Section 9.05. 
 Survival 
 97 

Section 9.06. 
 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution 
 97 

Section 9.07. 
 Severability 
 98 

Section 9.08. 
 Right of Setoff 
 98 

Section 9.09. 
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process 
 98 

Section 9.10. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL 
 99 

Section 9.11. 
 Headings 
 99 

Section 9.12. 
 Confidentiality 
 100 

Section 9.13. 
 USA PATRIOT Act 
 100 

Section 9.14. 
 Interest Rate Limitation 
 100 

Section 9.15. 
 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility 
 101 

Section 9.16. 
 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law 
 101 

Section 9.17. 
 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 101 

Section 9.18. 
 ERISA Matters 
 102 

Section 9.19. 
 Erroneous Payments 
 103 

3 
 
 Table Of Contents (continued) 
 Page 

Section 9.20. 
 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 105 

ARTICLE X Cross-Guarantee 
 106 

ARTICLE XI 
 108 

Existing Credit Agreement 
 108 

Section 11.01. 
 Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement 
 108 

Section 11.02. 
 Removal of Foreign Subsidiary Borrower 
 108 

4 
 
 Table Of Contents (continued) 
 Page 
 SCHEDULES : 
 Departing Lender Schedule 
 Schedule 1.02	 Liens 
 Schedule 2.01	 Commitments 
 Schedule 3.12	 Restricted Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 6.03	 Existing Investments 
 Schedule 6.07	 Unrestricted Subsidiaries 
 EXHIBITS : 
 Exhibit A 	 Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 Exhibit B-1 	 Form of Opinion of Company s Counsel 
 Exhibit B-2 	 Form of Opinion of General Counsel of Company 
 Exhibit C 	 Form of Increasing Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit D 	 Form of Augmenting Lender Supplement 
 Exhibit E 	 List of Closing Documents 
 Exhibit F-1 	 Form of Borrowing Request 
 Exhibit F-2 	 Form of Swingline Loan Request 
 Exhibit G-1	 Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement		 
 Exhibit G-2	 Form of Borrowing Subsidiary Termination	 
 Exhibit H-1 	 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit H-2 	 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships) 
 Exhibit H-3 	 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships) 
 Exhibit H-4 	 Form of U.S. Tax Certificate (Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships) 

5 

THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of August 20, 2021 and amended as of May 10, 2023, among WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC., the FOREIGN SUBSIDIARY BORROWERS from time to time party hereto, the LENDERS from time to time party hereto, PNC BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Administrative Agent, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Syndication Agent (in such capacity, JPMorgan and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a Syndication Agent (together with JPMorgan, each a Syndication Agent and collectively, the Syndication Agents and U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and THE HUNTINGTON NATIONAL BANK, as Documentation Agents. 
 Preliminary Statement 
 WHEREAS, Worthington Industries, Inc., certain foreign subsidiary borrowers from time to time party thereto, certain of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 16, 2018 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the effectiveness hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement ); and 
 WHEREAS, Worthington Industries, Inc., the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have agreed to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement in its entirety. 
 NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree that the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows: 
 ARTICLE I Definitions 
 Section 1.01.	 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: 
 ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to a Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Active Restricted Subsidiary means a Restricted Subsidiary having a net worth in excess of 1,000,000. 
 Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Swingline Loan, an interest period per annum equal to (a) Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Term SOFR Rate for such Interest Period, plus (b) the SOFR Adjustment. 
 Administrative Agent means PNC Bank, National Association (including its branches and affiliates), in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. 

Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Aggregate Commitment means the aggregate of the Commitments of all of the Lenders, as reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions hereof. As of the Effective Date, the Aggregate Commitment is 500,000,000. 
 Agreed Currencies means (i) Dollars and (ii) any other currency that is (x) a lawful currency (other than Dollars) that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars, (y) available in the applicable interbank deposit market and (z) agreed to by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders. Subject to Section 2.04(d), each Agreed Currency must be the lawful currency of the specified country. As of the Effective Date the only Agreed Currency shall be Dollars. 
 Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a fluctuating per annum rate of interest equal to the highest of (a) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate, plus 0.50 , (b) the Prime Rate, and (c) the Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable SOFR Adjustment, plus 1.00 so long as Daily Simple SOFR is offered, ascertainable and not unlawful. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate (or any component thereof) shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) if the Alternate Base Rate as determined above would be less than zero percent (0.00 ), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 for purposes of this Agreement and (y) in the case of any event specified in Section 2.14(a) or Section 2.14(b), to the extent any such determination affects the calculation of the Alternate Base Rate, the definition hereof shall be calculated without reference to clause (c) until the circumstances giving rise to such event no longer exist. 
 Amendment No. 1 Effective Date means May 10, 2023. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Lender, the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment represented by such Lender s Commitment; provided that, in the case of Section 2.24 when a Defaulting Lender shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the Aggregate Commitment (disregarding any Defaulting Lender s Commitment) represented by such Lender s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Lender s status as a Defaulting Lender at the time of determination. 
 Applicable Rate means, for any day, with respect to any Eurocurrency Rate Revolving Loan or any ABR Revolving Loan or with respect to the facility fees payable hereunder, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Eurocurrency Rate Spread , ABR Spread or Facility Fee Rate , as the case may be, based upon the applicable Designated Ratings on such date: 

Designated Ratings (S P/ Moody s/ Fitch) 
 Eurocurrency Rate Spread 
 ABR Spread 
 Facility Fee Rate 

7 

Category 1: 
 BBB+/ Baa1/ BBB+ or higher 
 1.025 
 0.025 
 0.10 

Category 2: 
 BBB/ Baa2/ BBB 
 1.125 
 0.125 
 0.125 

Category 3: 
 BBB-/ Baa3/ BBB- 
 1.20 
 0.20 
 0.175 

Category 4: 
 BB+/ Ba1/ BB+ or lower 
 1.40 
 0.40 
 0.225 

For purposes of the foregoing, 
 (a)	 the Applicable Rate shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing table based on the Company's Status as determined from its then-current Designated Ratings; 
 (b)	 in addition, (i) if the Designated Ratings are split and all three Designated Ratings fall in different categories, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the middle Designated Rating; (ii) if the Designated Ratings are split and two of the Designated Ratings fall in the same category (the Majority Category and the third Designated Rating is in a different category, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the Majority Category; (iii) if only two of the Rating Agencies issue Designated Ratings, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the higher of such Designated Ratings, provided that if the higher Designated Rating is two or more categories above the lower Designated Rating, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon the Designated Rating next below the higher of the two Designated Ratings; (iv) if only one of the three Rating Agencies issues a Designated Rating, the Applicable Rate shall be based upon such Designated Rating; and (v) if the Designated Ratings established by any of the three Rating Agencies shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of such Rating Agency), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable Rating Agency (it being understood that a change in outlook status (e.g., watch status, negative outlook status) does not constitute a change in any Designated Rating for purposes hereof). If at any time the Company has no Designated Rating, Category 4 Status shall exist. If the rating system of any Rating Agency shall change, or if any Rating Agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Administrative Agent shall negotiate in good faith if necessary to amend the determination hereof to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such Rating Agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Rate shall be determined by reference to the rating of such Rating Agency most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation; and 
 (c)	 on the Effective Date, Category 2 Status shall be in effect unless the Company s Designated Rating requires that Category 3 or Category 4 Status should then be in effect, in which case such applicable category shall be given effect on the Effective Date. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Designated Rating by S P, Moody's, or Fitch, as applicable, shall be effective during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change in the Designated Rating. 
 Applicable Reference Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the Term SOFR Rate, any Swingline Loans, Daily Simple SOFR, and for any other Agreed Currency, as agreed by the parties hereto at the time of the approval of such Agreed Currency. 
 Approved Fund has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption agreement entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.04), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit A or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 8 

Augmenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the earlier of the Maturity Date and the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, as applicable, (x) if the then current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.14(d)(iv), or (y) if the then current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency is not a term rate nor based on a term rate, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. For the avoidance of doubt, the Available Tenor for Daily Simple SOFR is one month. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, (i) a court or governmental agency having appropriate jurisdiction shall enter a decree or order for relief in respect of such Person in an involuntary case under any Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, or appoint a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person or for any substantial part of its property or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, (ii) an involuntary case under any applicable Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect is commenced against such Person and such petition remains unstayed and in effect for a period of 60 consecutive days, (iii) such Person shall commence a voluntary case under any applicable Debtor Relief Law now or hereafter in effect, or consent to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law, or consent to the appointment or taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator or similar official of such Person or any substantial part of its property or make any general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (iv) such Person shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or any definitive action shall be taken by such Person in preparation for any of the aforesaid. 
 Benchmark means, initially, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing or Swingline Loan in any Agreed Currency, the Applicable Reference Rate ; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred with respect to the Applicable Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.14(d)(i). 
 Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor: 
 9 

(a)	for any Loan denominated in Dollars, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: 
 (1)	[reserved]; 
 (2)	the sum of: (A) Daily Simple SOFR and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
 (3)	the sum of: (A) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency at such time and (B) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and 
 (b)	for any Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Benchmark Replacement shall mean the alternative set forth in clause (a)(3) above or such other replacement as agreed by the Company and the Lenders at the time such Foreign Currency is designated as an Agreed Currency hereunder. 
 provided that , if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (a)(2) or (a)(3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency and any applicable Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: 
 (1) for purposes of clause (a)(2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, 0.11448 (11.448 basis points); 
 (2) for purposes of clause (a)(3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Company for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and Agreed Currency giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for syndicated credit facilities denominated in the applicable Agreed Currency; 
 provided that , if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, more than one tenor of such Benchmark is available as of the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement will not be a term rate, the Available Tenor of such Benchmark for purposes of this definition of Benchmark Replacement Adjustment shall be deemed to be the Available Tenor that has approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustments) as the payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement. 
 10 

Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement for any Agreed Currency, and/or any Eurocurrency Loan denominated in Dollars bearing interest based on the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement or specified Benchmark for such Agreed Currency and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice in the United States (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice in the United States for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement or specified Benchmark for such Agreed Currency exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency: 
 (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date determined by the Administrative Agent, which date shall promptly follow the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date for any Agreed Currency occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such Agreed Currency for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, the occurrence of one or more of the following events, with respect to the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency: 
 (1)	a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component thereof); 
 11 

(2)	a public statement or publication of information by a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent, the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, the Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 
 (3)	a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) or an Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent announcing that such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or such component thereof) or, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if such Benchmark is a term rate or is based on a term rate, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark for any Agreed Currency if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark for such Agreed Currency (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark and with respect to any Agreed Currency, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency has replaced the then-current Benchmark for such Agreed Currency for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14(d) and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement for such Agreed Currency has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14(d). 
 Beneficial Owner shall mean, for each Borrower, each of the following: (a) each individual, if any, who, directly or indirectly, owns 25 or more of such Borrower s Equity Interests; and (b) a single individual with significant responsibility to control, manage, or direct such Borrower. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States of America. 
 12 

Borrower means the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. 
 Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of Eurocurrency Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect or (b) a Swingline Loan. 
 Borrowing Request means a Borrowing Request substantially in the form of Exhibit F-1 . 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement means a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit G-1 . 
 Borrowing Subsidiary Termination means a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination substantially in the form of Exhibit G-2 . 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, when used in connection with an amount that bears interest at a rate based on SOFR or any direct or indirect calculation or determination of SOFR, the term Business Day means any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day; provided further that, when used in connection with the Borrowings or LC Disbursements which are the subject of a borrowing, drawing, payment, reimbursement or rate selection are denominated in euro, the term Business Day shall exclude any day on which the TARGET2 payment system is not open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 Capitalization means Consolidated Indebtedness plus Consolidated Net Worth. 
 Capital Lease of any Person means any lease of property (whether real, personal or mixed) by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance with GAAP, be required to be accounted for as a capital lease on the balance sheet of such Person. 
 
 Capital Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, all obligations of such Person as lessee under Capital Leases, in each case taken at the amount thereof accounted for as liabilities in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Cash Equivalents means: 
 (i)	securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof (provided that the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged in support thereof) having maturities of not more than twelve months from the date of acquisition; 
 (ii)	Dollar-denominated certificates of deposit of (A) any Lender, (B) any United States commercial bank of recognized standing having capital and surplus in excess of 1,000,000,000 or (C) any bank whose (or whose parent company s) short-term commercial paper rating from S P is at least A 1 or the equivalent thereof or from Moody s is at least P-1 or the equivalent thereof (any such bank being an Approved Lender ), in each case with maturities of not more than 270 days from the date of acquisition; 
 (iii)	commercial paper and variable or fixed rate notes issued by any Approved Lender (or by the parent company thereof) or any variable rate notes issued by, or guaranteed by, any domestic corporation not an Affiliate of the Company rated A 1 (or the equivalent thereof) or better 
 13 

by S P or P-1 (or the equivalent thereof) or better by Moody s and maturing within six months of the date of acquisition; 
 (iv)	repurchase agreements with a bank or trust company (including any of the Lenders) or recognized securities dealer having capital and surplus in excess of 1,000,000,000 for direct obligations issued by or fully guaranteed by the United States of America in which the Company or one or more of its Subsidiaries shall have a perfected first priority security interest (subject to no other Liens) and having, on the date of purchase thereof, a fair market value of at least 100 of the amount of the repurchase obligations; and 
 (v)	Investments, classified in accordance with GAAP as current assets, in money market investment programs registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, which are administered by reputable financial institutions having capital of at least 1,000,000,000 and the portfolios of which are limited to Investments of the character described in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iv). 
 Certificate of Beneficial Ownership means, for each Borrower (if any) that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a certificate in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent (as amended or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its sole discretion), certifying, among other things, the Beneficial Owner of such Borrower. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement (or with respect to any Lender, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender), of any of the following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority, or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, rules, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided , however , that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. 
 Change of Control means, with respect to any Person, an event or series of events by which: 
 (i)	any person or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act) (other than the spouses, siblings, descendants, spouses of any such siblings or descendants, trusts created exclusively for the benefit of such Persons, executors, administrators, guardians, or conservators of the estate of John H. McConnell, John P. McConnell, their respective Affiliates and Associates (as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act), or a group which the foregoing are a principal participant, or any profit sharing, employee stock ownership or other employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or fiduciary with respect to any such plan when acting in such capacity) has become the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act, except that a Person shall be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that any such Person has the right to acquire, whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time), by way of merger, 
 14 

consolidation or otherwise, of 30 or more of the Equity Interests of such Person on a fully-diluted basis after giving effect to the conversion and exercise of all outstanding Equity Equivalents (whether or not such Equity Equivalents are then currently convertible or exercisable); or 
 (ii)	during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of such Person cease to be composed of individuals (A) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (B) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (ii)(A) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (C) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (ii)(A) and (B) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 
 Class , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans or Swingline Loans. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be (a) reduced or terminated from time to time pursuant to Section 2.09, (b) increased from time to time pursuant to Section 2.20 and (c) reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on Schedule 2.01 , or in the Assignment and Assumption or other documentation contemplated hereby pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. 
 Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). 
 Company means Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation. 
 Computation Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04. 
 Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated EBITDA means, for any period, the sum of (i) Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (ii) an amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been deducted for (A) Consolidated Interest Expense, (B) provisions for Federal, state, local and foreign income, value added and similar Taxes and (C) (1) depreciation, (2) amortization (including, without limitation, amortization of goodwill and other intangibles), (3) any writedown of goodwill, long-lived asset, or intangible asset impairment and (4) other non-cash expense, all determined in accordance with GAAP, minus (iii) an amount which, in the determination of Consolidated Net Income for such period, has been added for (A) interest income and (B) any non-cash income or non-cash gains, all as determined in accordance with GAAP. If the Company or any Subsidiary makes a material acquisition or divestiture, in either case to the extent permitted pursuant to this Agreement, during any period for which Consolidated EBITDA is measured, then for purposes of determining the Interest Coverage Ratio, Consolidated EBITDA shall be adjusted for the period of time prior to the date of such acquisition or divesture by adding the historical financial results for such period of the Person or assets acquired (without taking account of cost savings or others synergies unless approved by the Required Lenders) or deleting that portion of the 
 15 

financial results of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for such period attributable to the Person or assets divested, all as reasonably determined by the Company and certified to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. 
 
 Consolidated Indebtedness means at any date the Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis as of such date. 
 
 Consolidated Interest Expense means, for any period, the aggregate interest expense of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, including, without duplication, the portion of any cash payments made or accrued in respect of Capital Lease Obligations allocable to interest expense. 
 
 Consolidated Net Income means, for any period, the net income (or net loss) after Taxes of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded from the calculation of Consolidated Net Income (i) the income (or loss) of any Person (referred to herein as Person A in which any other Person (other than the Company or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries) has an ownership interest and which Person A would not be consolidated with the Company and its Subsidiaries in their consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared for such period in accordance with GAAP, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Company or any of its Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries in the form of dividends or other distributions during such period and (ii) the income of any Subsidiary of the Company to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by that Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to that Subsidiary. 
 
 Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the amounts that would appear on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the total assets (less accumulated depletion, depreciation or amortization, allowances for doubtful receivables, other applicable reserves and other properly deductible items) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, after deducting therefrom, to the extent included in total assets, in each case as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (without duplication): (i) the aggregate amount of liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries which may properly be classified as current liabilities (including Taxes accrued as estimated); (ii) current Indebtedness and current maturities of long-term Indebtedness; (iii) minority interests in the Company s subsidiaries held by Persons other than the Company or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company; and (iv) unamortized debt discount and expenses and other unamortized deferred charges, goodwill, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses, organization or developmental expenses and other intangible items. 
 
 Consolidated Net Worth means at any time the consolidated stockholders equity of the Company and its Subsidiaries calculated on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP as of such time . 
 Consolidated Subsidiary means with respect to any Person at any date any Subsidiary of such Person or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any material security issued by such Person or of any material agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 16 

Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. The terms Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 Controlling Person means, with respect any Person, the beneficial owner of a percentage of the voting power of the Equity Interests of any such Person sufficient to approve an action of any such Person which requires a simple majority of the owners of such Equity Interest to vote to approve any such action; provided that any such Person is a Consolidated Subsidiary of such Controlling Person. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Credit Event means a Borrowing, the issuance of a Letter of Credit, an LC Disbursement or any of the foregoing. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. 
 Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day (a SOFR Rate Day ), the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 equal to SOFR for the day (the SOFR Determination Date that is 2 Business Days prior to (i) such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is a Business Day or (ii) the Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day if such SOFR Rate Day is not a Business Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate) on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org , or any successor source identified by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or its successor administrator for the secured overnight financing rate from time to time. If Daily Simple SOFR as determined above would be less than the SOFR Floor, then Daily Simple SOFR shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. If SOFR for any SOFR Determination Date has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the second Business Day immediately following such SOFR Determination Date, then SOFR for such SOFR Determination Date will be SOFR for the first Business Day preceding such SOFR Determination Date for which SOFR was published in accordance with the definition of SOFR provided that SOFR determined pursuant to this sentence shall be used for purposes of calculating Daily Simple SOFR for no more than 3 consecutive SOFR Rate Days. If and when Daily Simple SOFR as determined above changes, any applicable rate of interest based on Daily Simple SOFR will change automatically without notice to the Company, effective on the date of any such change. 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Reform Act of 1978, as amended, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization or similar debtor relief laws of the United States of America or other applicable jurisdiction from time to time affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon the giving of notice, the lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two (2) Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount 
 17 

required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after request by a Credit Party, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon such Credit Party s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it and the Administrative Agent, or (d) has become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action. 
 Departing Lender means each lender under the Existing Credit Agreement that does not have a Commitment hereunder and is identified on the Departing Lender Schedule hereto. 
 Departing Lender Schedule means the Schedule identifying each Departing Lender as of the Effective Date attached hereto and identified as such. 
 Derivatives Agreement means (i) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement and (ii) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement or any other master agreement. 
 Designated Rating means the Company s S P Rating, Moody s Rating and/or Fitch Rating, as the case may be. 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license or other disposition (including any Sale/Leaseback Transaction or any LLC Division) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes, accounts receivable or payment intangible or any rights or claims associated therewith. 
 Disqualifying Event has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.04. 
 Documentation Agent means each of U.S. Bank National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association and The Huntington National Bank in its capacity as documentation agent for the credit facility evidenced by this Agreement. 
 18 

Dollar Amount means, with respect to any amount of any currency, the Equivalent Amount of such currency expressed in Dollars. 
 Dollars or refers to lawful money of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means a Subsidiary organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). 
 Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. 
 Electronic System means any electronic system, including e mail, e-fax, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. 
 Environmental Laws means any current or future legal requirement of any Governmental Authority pertaining to (i) the protection of health, safety, and the environment, (ii) the conservation, management or use of natural resources and wildlife, (iii) the protection or use of surface water and groundwater or (iv) the management, manufacture, possession, presence, use, generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal, release, threatened release, abatement, removal, remediation or handling of, or exposure to, any hazardous or toxic substance or material and includes, without limitation, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980, as amended by the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, 42 USC 9601 et seq., Solid Waste Disposal Act, as amended by the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976 and Hazardous and Solid Waste Amendment of 1984, 42 USC 6901 et seq., Federal Water Pollution Control Act, as amended by the Clean Water Act of 1977, 33 USC 1251 et seq., Clean Air Act of 1966, as amended, 42 USC 7401 et seq., Toxic Substances Control Act of 1976, 15 USC 2601 et seq., Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49 USC App. 1801 et seq., Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, 29 USC 651 et seq., Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 USC 2701 et seq., Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act of 1986, 42 USC 11001 et seq., National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, 42 USC 4321 et seq., Safe Drinking Water Act of 1974, as amended, 42 USC 300(f) et seq., any analogous implementing or successor law, and any amendment, rule, regulation, order or directive issued thereunder. 
 19 

Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Company or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Equity Equivalents means with respect to any Person any rights, warrants, options, convertible securities, exchangeable securities, Indebtedness or other rights, in each case exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into, directly or indirectly, Equity Interests of such Person or securities exercisable for or convertible or exchangeable into Equity Interests of such Person, whether at the time of issuance or upon the passage of time or the occurrence of some future event. 
 Equity Interests means all shares of capital stock, partnership interests (whether general or limited), limited liability company membership interests, beneficial interests in a trust and any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of profits or losses, or distributions of assets, of an issuing Person, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such Equity Interests. 
 Equivalent Amount of any currency at any date means at any time, as determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) with respect to an amount of any currency (the Reference Currency which is to be computed as an equivalent amount of another currency (the Equivalent Currency ), the amount of such Equivalent Currency converted from such Reference Currency using the average spot rate quoted to the Administrative Agent (based on market rates then prevailing and available to the Administrative Agent) or the commercial market rate of exchange, as determined by the Administrative Agent, for the sale of such Equivalent Currency for such Reference Currency at a time determined by the Administrative Agent on the second Business Day immediately preceding the event for which such calculation is made. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with the Company, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. 
 ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from the Company or any ERISA Affiliate of any notice, concerning the imposition upon the Company or any of its ERISA Affiliates of 
 20 

Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19(a). 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19(d). 
 Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.19(d). 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 euro and/or EUR means the single currency of the Participating Member States. 
 Eurocurrency , when used in reference to a currency, means an Agreed Currency and when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, means that such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate. 
 Eurocurrency Rate means, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing for any Interest Period denominated in Dollars, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, and for any other Agreed Currency, as agreed by the parties hereto at the time of the approval of such Agreed Currency. 
 Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by any Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement has the meaning set forth in the preliminary statements hereto. 
 21 

Existing Loans has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.01. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum (based on a year of 360 days and actual days elapsed and rounded upward, if necessary, to the nearest 1/100 th of 1 announced by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor) on such day as being the weighted average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions arranged by federal funds brokers on the previous trading day, as computed and announced by such Federal Reserve Bank (or any successor) in substantially the same manner as such Federal Reserve Bank computes and announces the weighted average it refers to as the Federal Funds Effective Rate as of the date of this Agreement; provided , if such Federal Reserve Bank (or its successor) does not announce such rate on any day, the Federal Funds Effective Rate for such day shall be the Federal Funds Effective Rate for the last day on which such rate was announced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Federal Funds Rate Effective as determined under any method above would be less than zero percent (0.00 ), such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fitch means Fitch, Inc., and its successors. 
 Fitch Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Fitch and then in effect with respect to the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement or, if no such rating is in effect, Fitch s general corporate rating with respect to the Company. 
 Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to the Applicable Reference Rate or, if no floor is specified, zero. 
 Foreign Currencies means Agreed Currencies other than Dollars. 
 Foreign Currency LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Dollar Amount of the aggregate undrawn and unexpired amount of all outstanding Foreign Currency Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements in respect of Foreign Currency Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed at such time. 
 Foreign Currency Letter of Credit means a Letter of Credit denominated in a Foreign Currency. 
 Foreign Currency Sublimit means 0 as of the Effective Date. 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the applicable Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the applicable Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the applicable Borrower is resident for tax purposes. 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is not a Domestic Subsidiary. 
 22 

Foreign Subsidiary Borrower has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.23. As of the Effective Date and after giving effect to Section 11.02, there are no Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States of America, any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank) and any group or body charged with setting financial accounting or regulatory capital rules or standards (including the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Bank for International Settlements or the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision or any successor or similar authority to any of the foregoing). 
 Guaranty Obligation means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Indebtedness of any other Person and any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness of such other Person (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, or by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (ii) entered into for purposes of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Indebtedness of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part); provided that the term Guaranty Obligation shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guaranty used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. The amount of any Guaranty Obligation hereunder shall (subject to any limitations set forth therein) be deemed to be an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount (or maximum principal amount, if larger) of the Indebtedness in respect of which such Guaranty Obligation is made. 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 Hostile Acquisition means (a) the acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person through a tender offer or similar solicitation of the owners of such Equity Interests which has not been approved (prior to such acquisition) by the board of directors (or any other applicable governing body) of such Person or by similar action if such Person is not a corporation and (b) any such acquisition as to which such approval has been withdrawn. 
 Increasing Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Incremental Term Loan Amendment has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.20. 
 Indebtedness of any Person means at any date, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (ii) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (iii) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (iv) all obligations of such Person as lessee that are capitalized in accordance with GAAP, (v) all Guaranty 
 23 

Obligations, (vi) all contingent or non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid or payable (currently or in the future, on a contingent or non-contingent basis) under a letter of credit or similar instrument, (vii) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property purchased by such Person to the extent of the value of such property (other than customary reservations or retentions of title under agreements with suppliers entered into in the ordinary course of business) and (viii) proceeds paid to such Person from asset securitization, synthetic sale/leaseback and other similar off balance sheet transactions. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a) hereof, Other Taxes. 
 Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 
 
 Interest Coverage Ratio means, for any period, the ratio of (i) Consolidated EBITDA of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period to (ii) Consolidated Interest Expense of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such period. 
 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the applicable Borrower to convert or continue a Revolving Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08, which, if written, shall be in the form of Exhibit F-1 . 
 Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan, the last day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date, (b) with respect to any Eurocurrency Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Maturity Date. 
 Interest Period means (i) with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing in Dollars, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months, in each case, subject to availability thereafter, as the applicable Borrower (or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower) may elect and (ii) with respect to any Borrowing in any Foreign Currency, the period commencing on the date of such Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one month thereafter; provided , that (a) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless, in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing only, such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Eurocurrency Borrowing that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period and (c) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(d) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and, in the case of a Revolving Borrowing, thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment in any Person means (i) the acquisition (whether for cash, property, services, assumption of Indebtedness, securities or otherwise) of all or substantially all of the assets, Equity Interests, bonds, notes, debentures, time deposits or other securities of such other Person, (ii) any deposit with, or advance, loan or other extension of credit to or for the benefit of such Person (other than deposits made in 
 24 

connection with the purchase of equipment or inventory in the ordinary course of business) or (iii) any other capital contribution to or investment in such Person, including by way of Guaranty Obligations of any obligation of such Person, any support for a letter of credit issued on behalf of such Person incurred for the benefit of such Person or in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company, any release, cancellation, compromise or forgiveness in whole or in part of any Indebtedness owing by such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Issuing Bank means each of PNC Bank, National Association and any other Lender from time to time designated by the Company as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Lender and the Administrative Agent, in their respective capacities as issuers of Letters of Credit hereunder, and their respective successors in such capacities as provided in Section 2.06(i). Each Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of such Issuing Bank, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 Issuing Bank Sublimit means, as of the Effective Date, (i) 50,000,000 in the case of PNC Bank, National Association and (ii) if at any time after the Effective Date a new Issuing Bank is designated, with respect to such Issuing Bank, such amount as shall be agreed in writing between such Issuing Bank and the Company, with notice of such Issuing Bank Sublimit being provided to the Administrative Agent prior to giving effect thereto; provided , that the aggregate Issuing Bank Sublimit of all Issuing Banks shall not exceed 75,000,000 at any time (the Letter of Credit Sublimit ); provided , further that any Issuing Bank shall be permitted at any time to (x) increase its Issuing Bank Sublimit (subject to the Letter of Credit Sublimit) upon providing five (5) days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Company or (y) reduce its Issuing Bank Sublimit with the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Company. 
 Joint Lead Arrangers means each of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and PNC Capital Markets LLC, Bank of America, N.A. and their respective successors in such capacities. 
 JPMorgan has the meaning assigned to such term in the lead-in to this Agreement. 
 LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(c). 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn Dollar Amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Company at such time. The LC Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the total LC Exposure at such time. 
 Lenders means the Persons listed on Schedule 2.01 and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.20 or pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a party hereto pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender. For the avoidance of doubt, the term Lenders excludes any Departing Lenders. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement. 
 25 

Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages or liabilities of any kind. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing, and the filing of any financing statement under the Uniform Commercial Code or comparable laws of any jurisdiction), including the interest of a purchaser of accounts receivable, chattel paper, payment intangibles or promissory notes. Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the filing of a Uniform Commercial Code financing statement that is a protective lease filing in respect of an operating lease that does not constitute a security interest in the leased property or otherwise give rise to a Lien does not constitute a Lien solely on account of being filed in a public office. 
 LLC Division means, in the event a Borrower is a limited liability company, (a) the division of any such Borrower into two or more newly formed limited liability companies (whether or not such Borrower is a surviving entity following any such division) pursuant to Section 18-217 of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act or any similar provision under any similar act governing limited liability companies organized under the laws of any other State or Commonwealth or of the District of Columbia, or (b) the adoption of a plan contemplating, or the filing of any certificate with any applicable Governmental Authority that results or may result in, any such division. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement, each Borrowing Subsidiary Termination, any promissory notes issued pursuant to Section 2.10(e), any Letter of Credit applications and any and all other agreements, instruments, documents and certificates identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan or any Lenders. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 
 Loans means the loans made by the Lenders to the Borrowers pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Material Adverse Change has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.02(b). 
 Material Adverse Effect means an effect on the business, financial condition, assets or liabilities of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, considered on a consolidated basis, which, when combined on a cumulative basis with other changes in the business, financial condition, assets and liabilities of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered on a consolidated basis: (i) would have a material adverse effect on the ability of any Borrower to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents or (ii) would result in a material adverse change in the financial condition of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, considered on a consolidated basis. 
 Maturity Date means August 20, 2026. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Moody s Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by Moody s and then in effect with respect to the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement or, if no such rating is in effect, Moody s general corporate rating with respect to the Company. 
 26 

Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. 
 Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) of the Borrowers arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. 
 Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit or Loan Document). 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). 
 Overnight Bank Funding Rate means for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurocurrency borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions, as such composite rate shall be determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York NYFRB ), as set forth on its public website from time to time, and as published on the next succeeding Business Day as the overnight bank funding rate by the NYFRB (or by such other recognized electronic source (such as Bloomberg) selected by the Bank for the purpose of displaying such rate); provided , that if such day is not a Business Day, the Overnight Bank Funding Rate for such day shall be such rate on the immediately preceding Business Day; provided , further , that if such rate shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrative Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). If the Overnight Bank Funding Rate determined as above would be less than zero percent (0.00 ), then such rate shall be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 ). The rate of interest charged shall be adjusted as of each Business Day based on changes in the Overnight Bank Funding Rate without notice to the Company. 
 Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). 
 Participating Member State means any member state of the European Union that adopts or has adopted the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with legislation of the European Union relating to economic and monetary union. 
 27 

Patriot Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 as the same has been, or shall hereafter be, renewed, extended, amended or replaced. 
 Payment Date means the first day of each calendar quarter after the date hereof and the Maturity Date, or any earlier date to which the Maturity Date may be accelerated. 
 Payment Office of the Administrative Agent means, for each Foreign Currency, the office, branch, affiliate or correspondent bank of the Administrative Agent for such currency as specified from time to time by the Administrative Agent to the Company and each Lender. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any acquisition (whether by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise but excluding in any event a Hostile Acquisition) or series of related acquisitions by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary of (i) all or substantially all the assets of, (ii) all or substantially all the Equity Interests in, or (iii) such amount of assets or Equity Interests as allows the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary to become a Controlling Person in, a Person, or division or line of business of a Person, if, at the time of and immediately after giving effect thereto, (a) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would arise after giving effect thereto, (b) the Company is in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with the covenants contained in Section 6.13 recomputed as of the last day of the most recently ended fiscal quarter of the Company for which financial statements are available, as if such acquisition (and any related incurrence or repayment of Indebtedness, with any new Indebtedness being deemed to be amortized over the applicable testing period in accordance with its terms) had occurred on the first day of each relevant period for testing such compliance, (c) the representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in this Agreement and all other Loan Documents are true and correct, except to the extent that the same specifically relate to an earlier date and (d) in the case of an acquisition or merger involving the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary, the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary is the surviving entity of such merger and/or consolidation. 
 Permitted Investments has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.03. 
 Permitted Liens means: 
 (i)	Liens securing the payment of Taxes and special assessments, either not yet due or the validity of which is being contested by the Person being charged in good faith by appropriate proceedings, and as to which it has set aside on its books adequate reserves to the extent required by GAAP; 
 (ii)	deposits or Liens securing property under workers compensation, unemployment insurance and social security laws, or to secure the performance of bids, tenders, contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money) or leases, or to secure statutory obligations or surety or appeal bonds, or to secure indemnity, performance or other similar bonds in the ordinary course of business; 
 (iii)	Liens imposed by law, such as carriers , warehousemen s or mechanics liens and liens of landlords or mortgagees of landlords arising by operation of law on property located on leased premises, incurred by it in good faith in the ordinary course of business; 
 28 

(iv)	Liens incurred in connection with the lease or acquisition of fixed or capital assets limited to the specific assets acquired with such lease or financing or Capital Lease Obligation (subject to the acquisition of such assets and incurrence of such debt being otherwise permitted by the terms of this Agreement); 
 (v)	Liens existing on the date of this Agreement securing Indebtedness outstanding on the date of this Agreement and set forth on Schedule 1.02 ; 
 (vi)	any Lien existing on any asset of any Person at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company and not created in contemplation of such event; 
 (vii)	any Lien on any asset of any Person existing at the time such Person is merged or consolidated with or into the Company or a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event; 
 (viii)	any Lien existing on any asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Company or a Subsidiary and not created in contemplation of such event; 
 (ix)	any Lien arising out of the refinancing, extension, renewal or refunding of any Indebtedness secured by any Lien permitted by any of the foregoing clauses (iv), (v), (vi), (vii) or (viii) of this definition; provided that such Indebtedness is not increased and is not secured by any additional assets; 
 (x)	Liens incidental to the conduct of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries or the ownership of their respective assets which (i) do not secure Indebtedness, (ii) do not secure any obligation, or related series of obligations, in an amount exceeding 50,000,000 and (iii) do not in the aggregate materially detract from the value of its assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Company or its Subsidiaries; 
 (xi)	any attachment Lien being contested in good faith and by proceedings promptly initiated and diligently conducted, unless the attachment giving rise thereto will not, within sixty days after the entry thereof, have been discharged or fully bonded or will not have been discharged within sixty days after the termination of any such bond; 
 (xii)	any judgment Lien, unless (a) the judgment it secures will not, within sixty days after the entry thereof, have been discharged or execution thereof stayed pending appeal, or will not have been discharged within sixty days after the expiration of any such stay or (b) the judgment it secures would result in an Event of Default under Section 7(h); 
 (xiii)	easements, rights-of-way, zoning restrictions and other restrictions, charges or encumbrances not materially interfering with the ordinary conduct of the business; 
 (xiv)	any Lien on property of a Subsidiary securing Indebtedness of such Subsidiary owing to Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (xv)	Liens to banks arising from the issuance of letters of credit issued by such banks issuing banks on the following: (a) any and all shipping documents, warehouse receipts, policies or certificates of insurance and other document accompanying or relative to drafts drawn under any credit, and any draft drawn thereunder (whether or not such documents, goods or other property be released to or upon the order of the Company or any Subsidiary under a security agreement or trust or bailee receipt or otherwise), and the proceeds of each and all of the foregoing; 
 29 

(b) the balance of every deposit account, now or at any time hereafter existing, of the Company or any Subsidiary with the issuing banks, and any other claims of the Company or any Subsidiary against the issuing banks; and all property claims and demands and all rights and interests therein of the Company or any Subsidiary and all evidences thereof and all proceeds thereof which have been or at any time will be delivered to or otherwise come into the issuing bank s possession, custody or control, or into the possession, custody or control of any bailee for the issuing bank or of any of its agents or correspondents for the account of the issuing bank, for any purpose, whether or not the express purpose of being used by the issuing bank as collateral security or for the safekeeping or for any other or different purpose, the issuing bank being deemed to have possession or control of all of such property actually in transit to or from or set apart for the issuing bank, any bailee for the issuing bank or any of its correspondents for others acting in its behalf, it being understood that the receipt at any time by the issuing bank, or any of its bailees, agents or correspondents, or other security, of whatever nature, including cash, will not be deemed a waiver of any of the issuing bank s rights or power hereunder; (c) all property shipped under or pursuant to or in connection with any credit or drafts drawn thereunder or in any way related thereto, and all proceeds thereof; (d) all additions to and substitutions for any of the property enumerated above in this subsection; 
 (xvi)	any Lien on accounts of the Company or any Subsidiary (which accounts arise in the ordinary course of business) in connection with the sale or purported sale of accounts to an Unrestricted Subsidiary or a bankruptcy-remote entity that purchases receivables in the ordinary course of its business; and 
 (xvii) 	Liens to secure Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Section 6.01(iii). 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Company or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Plan Asset Regulations means 29 CFR 2510.3-101 et seq., as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as amended from time to time. 
 PNC means PNC Bank, National Association. 
 Prime Rate means the interest rate per annum announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent at its Principal Office as its then prime rate, which rate may not be the lowest or most favorable rate then being charged to commercial borrowers or others by the Administrative Agent and may not be tied to any external rate of interest or index. Any change in the Prime Rate shall take effect at the opening of business on the day such change is announced. 
 Principal Office means the main banking office of the Administrative Agent in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
 
 Proceeding means any claim, litigation, investigation, action, suit, arbitration or administrative, judicial or regulatory action or proceeding in any jurisdiction. 
 
 30 

PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Published Rate means the rate of interest published each Business Day in The Wall Street Journal Money Rates listing under the caption London Interbank Offered Rates for a one month period; provided that if no such rate is published therein for any reason, then the Published Rate shall be the rate at which Dollar deposits are offered by leading banks in the London interbank deposit market for a one month period either (a) as published in another publication selected by the Administrative Agent or (b) in an Alternate Source (or if there shall at any time, for any reason, no longer exist any such reference or any Alternate Source, a comparable replacement rate determined by the Administrative Agent at such time (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error). It is understood and agreed that all of the terms and conditions of this definition of Published Rate shall be subject to Section 2.14. 
 
 Rating Agencies means each of Fitch, Moody s and S P. 
 Recipient means (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender, (c) any Issuing Bank and (d) JPMorgan, as applicable. 
 Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency means (1) if such Benchmark is the Term SOFR Reference Rate, 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) otherwise, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04. 
 Regulation D, O, S-T, T, U or X means Regulation D, O, S-T, T, U or X, respectively, of the Board as amended, or any successor regulation, in each case together with all interpretations of staff opinions issued in connection therewith. 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means (a) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in Dollars, the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto, and (b) with respect to a Benchmark Replacement in respect of Loans denominated in any Foreign Currency, (1) the central bank for the Agreed Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either (A) such Benchmark Replacement or (B) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement or (2) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (A) the central bank for the Agreed Currency in which such Benchmark Replacement is denominated, (B) any central bank or other supervisor that is responsible for supervising either (i) such Benchmark Replacement or (ii) the administrator of such Benchmark Replacement, (C) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the total Revolving Credit Exposures and unused Commitments at such time. 
 31 

Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer or assistant treasurer of the Company. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Company and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of the Company. 
 Restricted Payment means (i) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any class of Equity Interests or Equity Equivalents of the Company or any Subsidiary, now or hereafter outstanding, (ii) any redemption, retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any class of Equity Interests or Equity Equivalents of the Company or any Subsidiary, now or hereafter outstanding or (iii) any payment made to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any Equity Interests or Equity Equivalents of or now or hereafter outstanding. 
 Restricted Subsidiary means with respect to any Person at any date any Subsidiary of such Person or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of such Person in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, excluding, with respect to the Company at any date, all Unrestricted Subsidiaries designated as such pursuant to Section 6.07. 
 Revolving Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans, its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. 
 Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01. 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. 
 S P Rating means, at any time, the rating issued by S P and then in effect with respect to the Company s senior unsecured long-term debt securities without third-party credit enhancement or, if no such rating is in effect, S P s general corporate rating with respect to the Company. 
 Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself, or whose government is, the subject or target of comprehensive Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person subject to any Sanctions, (b) any Person located, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country, or (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b). 
 32 

Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the European Union or any other relevant Sanctions authority applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 Sale/Leaseback Transaction means any direct or indirect arrangement with any Person or to which any such Person is a party providing for the leasing to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any property, whether owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date or later acquired, which has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to such Person or to any other Person from whom funds have been, or are to be, advanced by such Person on the security of such property. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Secondary Term SOFR Conversion Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.14(d)(vii). 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any successor statute thereto, together with the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Adjustment means (A) with respect to Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, 0.11448 , and (B) with respect to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, (x) 0.11448 for an Interest Period of one (1) month, (y) 0.26161 for an Interest Period of three (3) months, and (z) 0.42826 for an Interest Period of six (6) months. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Determination Date has the meaning assigned to it in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . 
 SOFR Floor means a rate of interest per annum equal to 0.00 basis points (0.00 ). 
 Status means either Category 1 Status, Category 2 Status, Category 3 Status or Category 4 Status, each as set forth in the definition of Applicable Rate . 
 Subordinated Indebtedness means any Indebtedness of the Company or any Subsidiary the payment of which is or will be subordinated to payment of the obligations under the Loan Documents in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Subordinated Indebtedness Documents means any document, agreement or instrument evidencing any Subordinated Indebtedness or entered into in connection with any Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 Subsidiary means with respect to any Person any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity of which (i) if a corporation, more than 50 of the total voting power of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the 
 33 

election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a partnership, limited liability company, association or business entity other than a corporation, more than 50 of the partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have more than 50 ownership interest in a partnership, limited liability company, association or other business entity if such Person or Persons shall be allocated more than 50 of partnership, association or other business entity gains or losses or shall be or control the managing director, manager or a general partner of such partnership, association or other business entity. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Person that is not included as a Consolidated Subsidiary under GAAP shall not be a Subsidiary hereunder. 
 Swingline Commitment means 50,000,000. 
 Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Lender in its capacity as the Swingline Lender and (b) the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Lender as the Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). 
 Swingline Lender means PNC Bank, National Association, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. 
 Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. 
 Swingline Loan Request means a Swingline Loan Request substantially in the form of Exhibit F-2 . 
 Syndication Agent has the meaning assigned to such term in the lead-in to this Agreement. 
 TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) payment system (or, if such payment system ceases to be operative, such other payment system (if any) reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent to be a suitable replacement) for the settlement of payments in euro. 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Determination Date has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of Term SOFR Rate. 
 Term SOFR Rate shall mean, with respect to any Eurocurrency Borrowing, for any Interest Period, the interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent (rounded upwards, at the Administrative Agent s discretion, to the nearest 1/100th of 1 equal to the Term SOFR Reference 
 34 

Rate for a tenor comparable to such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the day (the Term SOFR Determination Date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period. If the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published or replaced with a Benchmark Replacement by 5:00 p.m. (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania time) on the Term SOFR Determination Date, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate, for purposes of clause (A) in the preceding sentence, shall be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor on the first Business Day preceding such Term SOFR Determination Date for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published in accordance herewith, so long as such first preceding Business Day is not more than three (3) Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Date. If the Term SOFR Rate, determined as provided above, would be less than the SOFR Floor, then the Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be the SOFR Floor. The Term SOFR Rate shall be adjusted automatically without notice to the Borrower on and as of the first day of each Interest Period. 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate shall mean the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Total Revolving Credit Exposure means, the sum of the outstanding principal amount of all Lenders Revolving Loans, their LC Exposure and their Swingline Exposure at such time; provided , that clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable to the extent Lenders shall have funded their respective participations in the outstanding Swingline Loans. 
 Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrowers of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Eurocurrency Rate or the Alternate Base Rate. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 35 

Unrestricted Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which would otherwise be a Consolidated Subsidiary, but which has been designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the Company pursuant to the provisions of Section 6.07. 
 Wholly-Owned Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person at any date, any Subsidiary of such Person all of the shares of capital stock or other ownership interests of which (except directors' qualifying shares) are at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Withholding Agent means any Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Worthington Receivables means Worthington Receivables Corporation, a Delaware corporation established as a special purpose entity for the Company s trade receivables securitization facility. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 Section 1.02.	 Classification of Loans and Borrowings . For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Loan or by Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Loan or by Class and Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class e.g. , a Revolving Borrowing or by Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Borrowing or by Class and Type e.g. , a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing ). 
 Section 1.03.	 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . The word law shall be construed as referring to any international, foreign, Federal, state or local statute, treaty, rule, guideline, regulation, ordinance, code, or administrative or judicial precedent or authority, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case whether or not having the force of law. Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any 
 36 

reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignment set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (f) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights and (g) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time. 
 Section 1.04.	 Accounting Terms; GAAP; Pro Forma Calculations . (a) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if the Company notifies the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan that the Company requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the date hereof in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Company that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Company or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary set forth herein, the definitions set forth in the Loan Documents and any financial or other covenant calculations required by the Loan Documents shall be computed to exclude any change to lease accounting rules from those in effect pursuant to Accounting Standards Codification 840 (Leases) and other related lease accounting guidance as in effect on February 16, 2018. 
 (b) All pro forma computations required to be made hereunder giving effect to any acquisition or disposition , or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction shall in each case be calculated giving pro forma effect thereto (and, in the case of any pro forma computation made hereunder to determine whether such acquisition or disposition, or issuance, incurrence or assumption of Indebtedness, or other transaction is permitted to be consummated hereunder, to any other such transaction consummated since the first day of the period covered by any component of such pro forma computation and on or prior to the date of such computation) as if such transaction had occurred on the first day of the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending with the most recent fiscal quarter for which financial statements shall have been delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(b) or 5.01(c) (or, prior to the delivery of any such financial statements, ending with the last fiscal quarter included in the financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 (a) ), and, to the extent applicable, to the historical earnings and cash flows associated with the assets acquired or disposed of (but without giving effect to any synergies or cost savings) and any related incurrence or reduction of Indebtedness, all in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on the 
 37 

date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Derivatives Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). 
 Section 1.05.	 Status of Obligations . In the event that the Company or any other Borrower shall at any time issue or have outstanding any Subordinated Indebtedness, the Company shall take or cause such other Borrower to take all such actions as shall be necessary to cause the Obligations to constitute senior indebtedness (however denominated) in respect of such Subordinated Indebtedness and to enable the Administrative Agent and the Lenders to have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. Without limiting the foregoing, the Obligations are hereby designated as senior indebtedness and as designated senior indebtedness and words of similar import under and in respect of any indenture or other agreement or instrument under which such Subordinated Indebtedness is outstanding and are further given all such other designations as shall be required under the terms of any such Subordinated Indebtedness in order that the Lenders may have and exercise any payment blockage or other remedies available or potentially available to holders of senior indebtedness under the terms of such Subordinated Indebtedness. 
 Section 1.06.	 Benchmark Replacement Notification . Section 2.14(d) of this Agreement provides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest in the event that the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR (or, to the extent approved pursuant to the definition of Agreed Currency, any other Eurocurrency Rate) is no longer available or in certain other circumstances. The Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Rate, Term SOFR Reference Rate, any other rate constituting a Eurocurrency Rate, or Daily Simple SOFR or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate therefor. 
 ARTICLE II The Credits 
 Section 2.01.	 Commitments . Prior to the Effective Date, certain loans may have been made to the Company under the Existing Credit Agreement, and which may remain outstanding as of the date of this Agreement (such outstanding loans, if any, being hereinafter referred to as the Existing Loans ). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, each Borrower and each of the Lenders agree that on the Effective Date, any Existing Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be Revolving Loans under this Agreement that have been made to the Company, and the terms of the Existing Loans shall be restated in their entirety and shall be evidenced by this Agreement. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in Agreed Currencies from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in (a) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding such Lender s Commitment, (b) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment or (c) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the total outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, in each case denominated in Foreign Currencies, exceeding the Foreign Currency Sublimit. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrowers may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. 
 Section 2.02.	 Loans and Borrowings . (a) Each Revolving Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the 
 38 

Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. 
 (b)	 Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or Eurocurrency Loans as the relevant Borrower may request in accordance herewith; provided that each ABR Loan shall only be made in Dollars. Each Swingline Loan shall be a Loan bearing an interest rate as set forth in Section 2.13(c). Each Lender at its option may make any Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the relevant Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. No Borrowing made in an Agreed Currency may be converted into an ABR Loan or a Eurocurrency Loan denominated in another currency. 
 (c)	 At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000; provided that such limitations shall not apply to Borrowings in Foreign Currencies. At the time that each ABR Revolving Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 500,000 and not less than 1,000,000; provided that an ABR Revolving Borrowing may be in an aggregate amount that is equal to the entire unused balance of the Aggregate Commitment or that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e). Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is not less than 100,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of ten (10) Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowings outstanding. 
 (d)	 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, no Borrower shall be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested with respect thereto would end after the Maturity Date. 
 Section 2.03.	 Requests for Revolving Borrowings . To request a Revolving Borrowing, the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request (a) by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, promptly followed by telephonic confirmation of such request) in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m., three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or by irrevocable written notice (via a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) not later than four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) by telephone in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 11:00 a.m. on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m. on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
 (i)	 the aggregate principal amount of the requested Borrowing; 
 39 

(ii)	 the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iii)	 whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Borrowing; 
 (iv)	 in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the Agreed Currency and initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period and 
 (v)	 the location and number of the applicable Borrower s account to which funds are to be disbursed, which shall comply with the requirements of Section 2.07. 
 If no election as to the Type of Revolving Borrowing is specified, then, in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, the requested Revolving Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, then the relevant Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. 
 Section 2.04.	 Utilization of Commitments in a Foreign Currency . 
 (a)	 Determination of Dollar Amounts . The Administrative Agent will determine the Dollar Amount of: 
 (i)	 each proposed Eurocurrency Borrowing and Letter of Credit, on the requested borrowing date or date of issuance, as the case may be, and each outstanding Eurocurrency Borrowing as of the last day of each Interest Period, 
 (ii)	 the LC Exposure as of the last day of each calendar month, and 
 (iii)	 all outstanding Credit Events on and as of the last Business Day of each calendar quarter and, during the continuation of an Event of Default, on any other Business Day elected by the Administrative Agent in its discretion or upon instruction by the Required Lenders. 
 Each day upon or as of which the Administrative Agent determines Dollar Amounts as described in the preceding clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) is herein described as a Computation Date with respect to each Credit Event for which a Dollar Amount is determined on or as of such day. 
 (b)	 Foreign Currency Amounts . Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent may, with respect to notices by any Borrower for Loans in a Foreign Currency or voluntary prepayments of less than the full amount of a Borrowing in a Foreign Currency, engage in reasonable rounding of the Foreign Currency amounts requested to be loaned or repaid, and any Borrower s request or notice shall thereby be deemed to reflect such rounded amounts. 
 (c)	 Requests for Additional Agreed Currencies . The Borrowers may deliver to the Administrative Agent a written request that Loans hereunder also be permitted to be made in any lawful currency other than Dollars, provided that such currency is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars and available in the applicable interbank deposit market. 
 40 

After receipt of any such request, the Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders thereof. The Administrative Agent and each Lender may accept such request in their sole discretion. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrowers of the acceptance or rejection by the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders of the Borrowers request. The requested currency shall be approved as an Agreed Currency hereunder only if the Administrative Agent and all of the Lenders approve of the Borrowers request, and subject to the effectiveness of any amendment or restatement of this Agreement, executed by the Borrowers, each Lender, JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent, as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of JPMorgan or the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.04(c). If, after the designation by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at the request of any Borrower of any currency as an Agreed Currency, currency control or other exchange regulations are imposed in the country in which such currency is issued with the result that different types of such currency are introduced, such country s currency is, in the determination of the Administrative Agent, no longer readily available or freely traded and convertible into Dollars (a Disqualifying Event ), then the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders and the Borrowers, and such country s currency shall no longer be an Agreed Currency until such time as the Disqualifying Event(s) no longer exist, but in any event within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent, the Borrowers shall repay all Loans in such currency to which the Disqualifying Event applies or convert such Loan into Loans in Dollars or another Agreed Currency, subject to the other terms contained in Articles II and IV . 
 (d)	 European Monetary Union . If any Agreed Currency ceases to be lawful currency of the nation issuing the same and is replaced by the euro and the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders shall so request in a notice delivered to the Borrowers, then any amount payable hereunder by any party hereto in such Agreed Currency shall instead be payable in the euro and the amount so payable shall be determined by translating the amount payable in such Agreed Currency to the euro at the exchange rate established by that nation for the purpose of implementing the replacement of the relevant Agreed Currency by the euro (and the provisions governing payments in Agreed Currencies in this Agreement shall apply to such payment in the euro as if such payment in the euro were a payment in an Agreed Currency). Prior to the occurrence of the event or events described in the preceding sentence, each amount payable hereunder in any Agreed Currency will, except as otherwise provided herein, continue to be payable only in that currency. 
 The Company agrees, at the request of any Lender, to compensate such Lender for any loss, cost, expense or reduction in return that such Lender shall reasonably determine shall be incurred or sustained by such Lender as a result of the replacement of any Agreed Currency by the euro and that would not have been incurred or sustained but for the transactions provided for herein. A certificate of any Lender setting forth such Lender's determination of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error so long as such determination is made on a reasonable basis. The Company shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 Section 2.05.	 Swingline Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Swingline Lender may make (but shall not be required to make) Swingline Loans in Dollars to the Company from time to time during the Availability Period, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Commitment, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding its Commitment or (iii) the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure exceeding the Aggregate Commitment; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. 
 41 

(b)	 To request a Swingline Loan, the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by telecopy of a Swingline Loan Request), not later than 2:00 p.m. on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan, it being understood that the Administrative Agent may rely on the authority of any individual making such telephonic request without the necessity of receipt of such written telecopy. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and principal amount of the requested Swingline Loan, which shall not be less than 100,000. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Company. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan to the Company by wire transfer to the Company s bank account specified in the Swingline Loan Request (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the relevant Issuing Bank) by 4:00 p.m. on the requested date of such Swingline Loan, unless the Administrative Agent shall have notified the Swingline Lender that any applicable condition specified in Article IV hereof has not been satisfied. 
 (c)	 The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent on any Business Day require the Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, upon receipt of notice as provided above, to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender (whether or not the conditions specified in Article IV hereof are then satisfied), such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans, which payment shall be due by the time the Swingline Lender requests (which shall not be earlier than 3:00 p.m. on the Business Day next after the date the Lenders receive such notice from the Administrative Agent). Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Company (or other party on behalf of the Company) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof. 
 (d)	 The Swingline Lender may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Swingline Lender and the successor Swingline Lender. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of the 
 42 

Swingline Lender. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid interest accrued for the account of the replaced Swingline Lender pursuant to Section 2.13(c). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (x) the successor Swingline Lender shall have all the rights and obligations of the replaced Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made thereafter and (y) references herein to the term Swingline Lender shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Swingline Lender, or to such successor and all previous Swingline Lenders, as the context shall require. After the replacement of the Swingline Lender hereunder, the replaced Swingline Lender shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of a Swingline Lender under this Agreement with respect to Swingline Loans made by it prior to its replacement, but shall not be required to make additional Swingline Loans. 
 (e)	 Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Swingline Lender (for the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above), the Swingline Lender may resign as Swingline Lender at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders, in which case, the Swingline Lender shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.05(d) above. 
 Section 2.06.	 Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Company may request the issuance of Letters of Credit for its own account, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the relevant Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Company to, or entered into by the Company with, an Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Issuing Bank shall have an obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement. 
 (b)	 Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Company shall, by 10:00 a.m. at least five Business Days prior to the proposed date of issuance (or such later date in advance of the proposed date of issuance as the relevant Issuing Bank may agree in its sole discretion), hand deliver or telecopy (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the relevant Issuing Bank) to the relevant Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the Agreed Currency applicable thereto, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the relevant Issuing Bank, the Company also shall submit a letter of credit application on such Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. Unless the relevant Issuing Bank shall have received notice from any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Borrower, at least one day prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension of the applicable Letter of Credit, that one or more applicable conditions in Article IV hereof are not satisfied, then subject to the terms and conditions hereof, a Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, 
 43 

amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure shall not exceed 75,000,000, (ii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment, (iii) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), the Dollar Amount of the total outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Exposure, in each case denominated in Foreign Currencies, shall not exceed the Foreign Currency Sublimit and (iv) subject to Sections 2.04 and 2.11(b), no Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure shall exceed the Dollar Amount of its Commitment. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue or modify any Letter of Credit if, immediately after giving effect thereto, the outstanding LC Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by such Person and its Affiliates would exceed such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit. Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Company may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each Issuing Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith. In the event an Issuing Bank agrees to issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit, it shall provide written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and any other Issuing Bank. Any Letter of Credit so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of the Credit Agreement, and shall not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations on the aggregate LC Exposure set forth in clause (i) of this Section 2.06(b). The Issuing Bank shall provide a copy of the issued Letter of Credit to the Administrative Agent within five Business Days after the issuance of such Letter of Credit. 
 (c)	 Expiration Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five (5) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date; provided , however , that the expiry date of a Letter of Credit may be up to one (1) year later than the fifth Business Day prior to the Maturity Date if the Company has posted on or before the fifth Business Day prior to the Maturity Date cash collateral in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Lenders (the LC Collateral Account on terms and conditions satisfactory to the applicable Issuing Bank, JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent in an amount equal to 105 of the face amount of such Letter of Credit. The Borrowers hereby grant for the benefit of the Issuing Banks a security interest in all cash collateral pledged pursuant to this section or otherwise in this Agreement. 
 (d)	 Participations . By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Banks or the Lenders, each Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Lender, and each Lender hereby acquires from each Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate Dollar Amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Company on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Company for any reason. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of 
 44 

Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. 
 (e)	 Reimbursement . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent in Dollars the Dollar Amount equal to such LC Disbursement, calculated as of the date such Issuing Bank made such LC Disbursement (or if such Issuing Bank shall so elect in its sole discretion by notice to the Company, in such other Agreed Currency which was paid by such Issuing Bank pursuant to such LC Disbursement in an amount equal to such LC Disbursement) not later than 12:00 noon on the date that such LC Disbursement is made, if the Company shall have received notice of such LC Disbursement prior to 10:00 a.m. on such date, or, if such notice has not been received by the Company prior to such time on such date, then not later than 12:00 noon on the Business Day immediately following the day that the Company receives such notice, if such notice is not received prior to such time on the day of receipt; provided that, if such LC Disbursement is not less than the Dollar Amount of 1,000,000, the Company may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent Dollar Amount of such LC Disbursement and, to the extent so financed, the Company s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Company fails to make such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the applicable LC Disbursement, the payment then due from the Company in respect thereof and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Company, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis , to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the relevant Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Company pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the relevant Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and such Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse an Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 (f)	 Obligations Absolute . The Company s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever including the following circumstances: 
 (i)	 any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein; 
 (ii)	 payment by any Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a demand, draft, certificate or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit; 
 (iii)	 any claim of breach of warranty that might be made by any Borrower or any Lender against any beneficiary of a Letter of Credit, or the existence of any claim, 
 45 

set-off, recoupment, counterclaim, crossclaim, defense or other right which any Borrower or any Lender may have at any time against a beneficiary, successor beneficiary any transferee or assignee of any Letter of Credit or the proceeds thereof (or any Persons for whom any such transferee may be acting), any Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates or any Lender or any other Person, whether in connection with this Agreement, the transactions contemplated herein or any unrelated transaction (including any underlying transaction between any Borrower or its Subsidiaries and the beneficiary for which any Letter of Credit was procured); 
 (iv)	 the lack of power or authority of any signer of (or any defect in or forgery of any signature or endorsement on) or the form of or lack of validity, sufficiency, accuracy, enforceability or genuineness of any draft, demand, instrument, certificate or other document presented under or in connection with any Letter of Credit, or any fraud or alleged fraud in connection with any Letter of Credit, or the transport of any property or provision of services relating to a Letter of Credit, or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, in each case even if any Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates has been notified thereof; 
 (v)	 the solvency of, or any acts or omissions by, any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit, or any other Person having a role in any transaction or obligation relating to a Letter of Credit, or the existence, nature, quality, quantity, condition, value or other characteristic of any property or services relating to a Letter of Credit; 
 (vi)	 any failure by any Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates to issue any Letter of Credit in the form requested by any Borrower, unless such Issuing Bank has received written notice from such Borrower of such failure within three Business Days after such Issuing Bank shall have furnished such Borrower and the Administrative Agent a copy of such Letter of Credit and such error is material and no drawing has been made thereon prior to receipt of such notice; 
 (vii)	 any adverse change in the business, assets, financial condition or operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole; 
 (viii)	 any breach of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by any party thereto; 
 (ix)	 the occurrence or continuance of an Bankruptcy Event with respect to any Borrower; 
 (x)	 the fact that an Event of Default or a Default shall have occurred and be continuing; 
 (xi)	 the fact that the Maturity Date shall have passed or this Agreement or the Commitments hereunder shall have been terminated; and 
 (xii)	 any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Company s obligations hereunder, any set-off, counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which such Lender may have against any Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates, any Borrower or any other 
 46 

Person for any reason whatsoever, or which any Borrower may have against any Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates, any Lender or any other Person for any reason whatsoever. 
 	Except as otherwise provided, and subject to the specific limitations set forth, in this Agreement, each Borrower, as to any Letter of Credit issued for the account of such Borrower, hereby agrees to protect, indemnify, pay and save harmless the Issuing Banks and any of their respective Affiliates that has issued a Letter of Credit from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, costs, Taxes (solely to the extent that such Taxes represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim) and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel, which such Issuing Bank or any of its Affiliates may incur or be subject to as a consequence, direct or indirect, of the issuance of any Letter of Credit, other than as a result of (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Issuing Bank as determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction or (B) the wrongful dishonor by such Issuing Bank or any of such Issuing Bank's Affiliates of a proper demand for payment made under any Letter of Credit, except if such dishonor resulted from any act or omission, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto government or Governmental Authority. 
 As between any Borrower and any Issuing Bank, or any Issuing Bank's Affiliates, such Borrower assumes all risks of the acts and omissions of, or misuse of the Letters of Credit by, the respective beneficiaries of such Letters of Credit. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, no Issuing Bank shall be responsible for any of the following, including any losses or damages to any Borrower or other Person or property relating therefrom: (i) the form, validity, sufficiency, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any document submitted by any party in connection with the application for an issuance of any such Letter of Credit, even if it should in fact prove to be in any or all respects invalid, insufficient, inaccurate, fraudulent or forged (even if the relevant Issuing Bank or its Affiliates shall have been notified thereof); (ii) the validity or sufficiency of any instrument transferring or assigning or purporting to transfer or assign any such Letter of Credit or the rights or benefits thereunder or proceeds thereof, in whole or in part, which may prove to be invalid or ineffective for any reason; (iii) the failure of the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit, or any other party to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred, to comply fully with any conditions required in order to draw upon such Letter of Credit or any other claim of any Borrower against any beneficiary of such Letter of Credit, or any such transferee, or any dispute between or among any Borrower and any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit or any such transferee; (iv) errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any messages, by mail, cable, telegraph, telex or otherwise, whether or not they be in cipher; (v) errors in interpretation of technical terms; (vi) any loss or delay in the transmission or otherwise of any document required in order to make a drawing under any such Letter of Credit or of the proceeds thereof; (vii) the misapplication by the beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit of the proceeds of any drawing under such Letter of Credit; or (viii) any consequences arising from causes beyond the control of any Issuing Bank or its Affiliates, as applicable, including any act or omission of any Governmental Authority, and none of the above shall affect or impair, or prevent the vesting of, any of any Issuing Bank's or its Affiliates rights or powers hereunder. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall relieve any Issuing Bank from liability for such Issuing Bank's gross negligence or willful misconduct in connection with actions or omissions described in such clauses (i) through (viii) of such sentence. In no event shall any Issuing Bank or its Affiliates be liable to any Borrower for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, exemplary or special damages or expenses (including without limitation attorneys' fees), or for any damages resulting from any change in the value of any property relating to a Letter of Credit. 
 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Issuing Bank and each of its Affiliates (i) may rely on any oral or other communication believed in good faith by such Issuing Bank or such Affiliate to have been authorized or given by or on behalf of the applicant for a Letter of Credit, (ii) may honor any presentation if the documents presented on their face substantially comply with the terms and conditions of 
 47 

the relevant Letter of Credit; (iii) may honor a previously dishonored presentation under a Letter of Credit, whether such dishonor was pursuant to a court order, to settle or compromise any claim of wrongful dishonor, or otherwise, and shall be entitled to reimbursement to the same extent as if such presentation had initially been honored, together with any interest paid by such Issuing Bank or its Affiliate; (iv) may honor any drawing that is payable upon presentation of a statement advising negotiation or payment, upon receipt of such statement (even if such statement indicates that a draft or other document is being delivered separately), and shall not be liable for any failure of any such draft or other document to arrive, or to conform in any way with the relevant Letter of Credit; (v) may pay any paying or negotiating bank claiming that it rightfully honored under the laws or practices of the place where such bank is located; and (vi) may settle or adjust any claim or demand made on such Issuing Bank or its Affiliate in any way related to any order issued at the applicant's request to an air carrier, a letter of guarantee or of indemnity issued to a carrier or any similar document and honor any drawing in connection with any Letter of Credit that is the subject of such order, notwithstanding that any drafts or other documents presented in connection with such Letter of Credit fail to conform in any way with such Letter of Credit. 
 In furtherance and extension and not in limitation of the specific provisions set forth above, any action taken or omitted by any Issuing Bank or its Affiliates under or in connection with the Letters of Credit issued by it or any documents and certificates delivered thereunder, if taken or omitted in good faith, shall not put any Issuing Bank or its Affiliates under any resulting liability to any Borrower or any Lender. 
 (g)	 Disbursement Procedures . Each Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. Each Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Company by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of such demand for payment and whether such Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Issuing Bank and the Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (h)	 Interim Interest . If an Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Company shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Company reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans; provided that, if the Company fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(d) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the relevant Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse an Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. 
 (i)	 Replacement and Resignation of Issuing Bank . 
 (i)	 An Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Company, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Lenders of any such replacement of an Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Company shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Banks under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the 
 48 

replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. 
 (ii)	 An Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Company and the Lenders; provided , that at any time there is only one Issuing Bank, the resignation of such Issuing Bank shall be subject to the appointment and acceptance of a replacement Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above; provided , further , that at any time there are multiple Issuing Banks that each wish to resign as an Issuing Bank contemporaneously, no such resignation shall take effect until the appointment and acceptance of at least one replacement Issuing Bank in accordance with Section 2.06(i)(i) above; provided , further , that no Issuing Bank may resign pursuant to the foregoing unless, after giving effect to any such resignation, the obligations of the Issuing Banks to issue or maintain Letters of Credit hereunder are at least 50,000,000 in the aggregate. Notwithstanding any resignation of an Issuing Bank, any Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it shall remain outstanding until the expiration thereof; provided , that no such Letter of Credit may be renewed (including pursuant to any automatic renewal provision contained therein), extended or otherwise amended to expire upon a date later than the expiry date of such Letter of Credit as of the date of the resignation of the applicable Issuing Bank. 
 (j)	 Cash Collateralization . If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Company receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Company shall deposit in the LC Collateral Account an amount in Dollars in cash equal to 105 of the Dollar Amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus any accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Company described in clause (e) or (f) of Article VII. For the purposes of this paragraph, the Dollar Amount of the Foreign Currency LC Exposure shall be calculated on the date notice demanding cash collateralization is delivered to the Company. The Company also shall deposit cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b). Such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the exclusive right of withdrawal, over such account. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Company s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Banks for LC Disbursements for which they have not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Company for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Obligations. If the Company is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Company within three (3) Business Days after all Events of Default have been cured or waived. 
 49 

Section 2.07.	 Funding of Borrowings . (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by it hereunder on the proposed date thereof by wire transfer of immediately available funds (i) in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars, by 2:00 p.m., to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders and (ii) in the case of each Loan denominated in a Foreign Currency, by 2:00 p.m., in the city of the Administrative Agent s Payment Office for such currency and at such Payment Office for such currency; provided that Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the relevant Borrower by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to (x) an account of the Company maintained with the Administrative Agent in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and designated by the Company in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in Dollars and (y) an account of such Borrower in the relevant jurisdiction and designated by such Borrower in the applicable Borrowing Request, in the case of Loans denominated in a Foreign Currency; provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the relevant Issuing Bank. 
 (b)	 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the relevant Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and such Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to such Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of such Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. 
 Section 2.08.	 Interest Elections . (a) Each Revolving Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the relevant Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. A Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. 
 (b)	 To make an election pursuant to this Section, a Borrower, or the Company on its behalf, shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election (by telephone or irrevocable written notice in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars or by irrevocable written notice (via an Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by such Borrower, or the Company on its behalf) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency) by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if such Borrower were requesting a Revolving Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or telecopy to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and 
 50 

signed by the relevant Borrower, or the Company on its behalf. Notwithstanding any contrary provision herein, this Section shall not be construed to permit any Borrower to (i) change the currency of any Borrowing, (ii) elect an Interest Period for Eurocurrency Loans that does not comply with Section 2.02(d) or (iii) convert any Borrowing to a Borrowing of a Type not available under such Borrowing. 
 (c)	 Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: 
 (i)	 the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); 
 (ii)	 the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; 
 (iii)	 whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or a Eurocurrency Borrowing; and 
 (iv)	 if the resulting Borrowing is a Eurocurrency Borrowing, the Interest Period and Agreed Currency to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which Interest Period shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Eurocurrency Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the applicable Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 
 (d)	 Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. 
 (e)	 If the relevant Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period (i) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in Dollars, such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing and (ii) in the case of a Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency in respect of which the applicable Borrower shall have failed to deliver an Interest Election Request prior to the third (3 rd Business Day preceding the end of such Interest Period, such Borrowing shall automatically continue as a Eurocurrency Borrowing in the same Agreed Currency with an Interest Period of one month unless such Eurocurrency Borrowing is or was repaid in accordance with Section 2.11. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars may be converted to or continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing, (ii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in Dollars shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto and (iii) unless repaid, each Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency shall automatically be continued as a Eurocurrency Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month. 
 51 

(f)	 The Company may call the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which an Interest Election Request is to be delivered to receive an indication of the rates and the applicable currency exchange rates then in effect, but it is acknowledged that such projection shall not be binding on the Administrative Agent or the Lenders nor affect the rate of interest which thereafter is actually in effect when the election is made. 
 (g)	 Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, interest on all Eurocurrency Loans denominated in Dollars and outstanding immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date shall continue to accrue and be paid based upon the Adjusted LIBO Rate applicable pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (the Existing Credit Agreement solely until the expiration of the current Interest Period (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) applicable thereto (at which time such Eurocurrency Loans may be reborrowed as or converted to Alternate Base Rate Borrowings or Eurocurrency Borrowings bearing interest based on the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate in accordance with this Section 2.08). 
 Section 2.09.	 Termination and Reduction of Commitments . (a) Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b)	 The Company may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 5,000,000 and not less than 1,000,000 and (ii) the Company shall not terminate or reduce the Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Dollar Amount of the Total Revolving Credit Exposure would exceed the Aggregate Commitment. 
 (c)	 The Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Commitments under paragraph (b) of this Section at least five (5) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Company pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Commitments delivered by the Company may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Company (by notice to the Administrative Agent prior to, or by 10:00 a.m. on, the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Commitments. The Borrowers shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders on the date of each termination or reduction of the Commitments any fees accrued through the date of such termination or reduction on the amount of the Commitments so terminated or reduced. 
 Section 2.10.	 Repayment of Loans; Evidence of Debt . (a) (i) Each Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan made to such Borrower on the Maturity Date in the currency of such Loan, together with all outstanding interest thereon and (ii) the Company hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan, together with all outstanding interest thereon, on demand by the Swingline Lender. 
 (b)	 Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the indebtedness of each Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan 
 52 

made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. 
 (c)	 The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class, Agreed Currency and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from each Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. 
 (d)	 The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of any Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (e)	 Any Lender may request that Loans made by it to any Borrower be evidenced by a promissory note; provided that if any Lender so requests a promissory note, the Borrowers will issue a promissory note to each Lender. In such event, the relevant Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to each Lender a promissory note payable to the order of such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent. Thereafter, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein (or, if any such promissory note is a registered note, to such payee and its registered assigns). 
 Section 2.11.	 Prepayment of Loans . 
 (a)	 Any Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, subject to prior notice in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.11(a). The applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by telecopy) of any prepayment hereunder (i) in the case of prepayment of a Eurocurrency Revolving Borrowing, not later than three (3) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in Dollars) or four (4) Business Days (in the case of a Eurocurrency Borrowing denominated in a Foreign Currency), in each case before the date of prepayment or (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Revolving Borrowing or a Swingline Loan, not later than 12:00 noon on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that, if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice relating to a Revolving Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Revolving Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02. Each prepayment of a Revolving Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. 
 53 

(b)	 If at any time, (i) other than as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, (A) the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the Revolving Credit Exposures (calculated, with respect to those Credit Events denominated in Foreign Currencies, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event) exceeds the Aggregate Commitment or (B) the sum of the aggregate principal Dollar Amount of all of the outstanding Revolving Credit Exposures denominated in Foreign Currencies (the Foreign Currency Exposure (so calculated), as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds the Foreign Currency Sublimit or (ii) solely as a result of fluctuations in currency exchange rates, the Foreign Currency Exposure, as of the most recent Computation Date with respect to each such Credit Event, exceeds 105 of the Foreign Currency Sublimit, the Borrowers shall in each case immediately repay Borrowings or cash collateralize LC Exposure in an account with the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.06(j), as applicable, in an aggregate principal amount sufficient to cause (x) the aggregate Dollar Amount of all Revolving Credit Exposures (so calculated) to be less than or equal to the Aggregate Commitment and (y) the Foreign Currency Exposure to be less than or equal to the Foreign Currency Sublimit, as applicable. 
 Section 2.12.	 Fees . (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a facility fee in Dollars, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the Commitment of such Lender (whether used or unused) during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date on which such Commitment terminates; provided that, if such Lender continues to have any Revolving Credit Exposure after its Commitment terminates, then such facility fee shall continue to accrue on the daily amount of such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure from and including the date on which its Commitment terminates to but excluding the date on which such Lender ceases to have any Revolving Credit Exposure. Accrued facility fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Payment Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any facility fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All facility fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 (b)	 The Company agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to Eurocurrency Revolving Loans on such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure and (ii) to each Issuing Bank for its own account a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit issued by each Issuing Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as each Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, maintenance, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Unless otherwise specified above, participation fees and fronting fees shall be payable quarterly in arrears on each Payment Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any such fees accruing after the date on which the Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Banks pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable on demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). Participation fees and fronting fees shall be paid in Dollars. 
 54 

(c)	 The Company agrees to pay to (i) the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent and (ii) JPMorgan, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Company and JPMorgan. 
 (d)	 All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in Dollars (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 2.12) and immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Banks or JPMorgan, in the case of fees payable to them) for distribution, in the case of facility fees and participation fees, to the Lenders. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 Section 2.13.	 Interest . (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (b)	 The Loans comprising each Eurocurrency Borrowing shall bear interest at the applicable Eurocurrency Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. 
 (c)	 The Loans comprising each Swingline Loan shall bear interest at the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR Rate plus the Applicable Rate then in effect for a Eurocurrency Borrowing. 
 (d)	 Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, all outstanding amounts shall bear interest, after as well as before judgment, at a rate per annum equal to (i) in the case of principal of any Loan, 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loan as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount, 2 plus the rate applicable to ABR Loans as provided in paragraph (a) of this Section. Each Borrower acknowledges that the increase in rates referred to in this Section 2.13(d) reflects, among other things, the fact that such Loans or other amounts have become a substantially greater risk given their default status and that the Lenders are entitled to additional compensation for such risk; and all such interest shall be payable by the Borrowers upon demand by the Administrative Agent. 
 (e)	 Accrued interest on each Revolving Loan shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Revolving Loan and upon termination of the Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (d) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any Eurocurrency Revolving Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (f)	 All computations of interest for Alternate Base Rate Loans (including Alternate Base Rate Loans determined by reference to Daily Simple SOFR) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed or, in the case of interest in respect of Loans denominated in Agreed Currencies as to which market practice differs from the foregoing, in accordance with such market practice. The applicable Borrower may call the Administrative Agent on or before the date on which a Borrowing Request is to be delivered to receive an indication of the rates then in effect, but it is acknowledged that such projection shall not be binding on the Administrative Agent or the Lenders nor affect the rate of interest which thereafter is actually in effect when the election is made. 
 55 

(g)	 The Company shall pay to each Lender (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including eurocurrency funds or deposits, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Loan under the Eurocurrency Rate equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement under Regulation D or under any similar, successor or analogous requirement of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (or any successor) or any other central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Loans under the Eurocurrency Rate, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan; provided that in each case the Company shall have received at least ten days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice ten days prior to the relevant Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable ten days from receipt of such notice. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall only be required to pay such additional costs to the same extent and in the same manner that such additional costs are being assessed against and paid by similarly situated borrowers. 
 Section 2.14.	 Alternate Rate of Interest . 
 (a)	 Unascertainable; Increased Costs . If, on or prior to the first day of an Interest Period (or, in the case of clause (iii), prior to advancing any Swingline Loan): 
 (i)	 the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (x) that by reason of circumstances affecting any applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Agreed Currency, the Applicable Reference Rate (whether in Dollars or a Foreign Currency) cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof, including, without limitation, because the Applicable Reference Rate for the applicable Agreed Currency is not available or published on a current basis or (y) a fundamental change has occurred in the foreign exchange or interbank markets with respect to such Foreign Currency (including, without limitation, changes in national or international financial, political or economic conditions or currency exchange rates or exchange controls), or 
 (ii)	 the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a Eurocurrency Borrowing (whether denominated in Dollars or a Foreign Currency) or a conversion thereto or a continuation thereof that (A) solely with respect to Eurocurrency Borrowings denominated in a Foreign Currency, deposits in such Foreign Currency are not available to any Lender in connection with such Borrowing or being offered to banks in the applicable offshore interbank market for the applicable Foreign Currency, amount and Interest Period (if applicable) of such Borrowing, or (B) the applicable Eurocurrency Rate (including the Term SOFR Rate) for any requested Agreed Currency or Interest Period (if applicable) with respect to a proposed Borrowing does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding, establishing or maintaining such Borrowing during the applicable Interest Period, 
 (iii)	 the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Daily Simple SOFR cannot be determined pursuant to the definition thereof or the Required Lenders determine that for any reason 
 56 

in connection with any request for a Swingline Loan that Daily Simple SOFR with respect to a Swingline Loan Request does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding, establishing or maintaining such Swingline Loan during the applicable Interest Period, 
 then the Administrative Agent shall have the rights specified in Section 2.14(c). 
 (b)	 Illegality . If at any time any Lender shall have determined that the making, maintenance or funding of any Loan to which a Eurocurrency Rate or Daily Simple SOFR applies, has been made impracticable or unlawful by compliance by such Lender in good faith with any law or any interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or with any request or directive of any such Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force of law), then the Administrative Agent shall have the rights specified in Section 2.14(c). 
 (c)	 Administrative Agent's and Lenders Rights . In the case of any event specified in Section 2.14(a) above, the Administrative Agent shall promptly so notify the Lenders and the Company thereof, and in the case of an event specified in Section 2.14(b) above, such Lender shall promptly so notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and the Administrative Agent shall promptly send copies of such notice to the other Lenders and the Company. Upon such date as shall be specified in such notice (which shall not be earlier than the date such notice is given), the obligation of (A) the Lenders, in the case of such notice given by the Administrative Agent, or (B) such Lender, in the case of such notice given by such Lender, to allow the applicable Borrower to select, convert to, or renew a Eurocurrency Borrowing or select an Agreed Currency (as applicable) shall be suspended until the Administrative Agent shall have later notified the Company, or such Lender shall have later notified the Administrative Agent, of the Administrative Agent's or such Lender's, as the case may be, determination that the circumstances giving rise to such previous determination no longer exist. If at any time the Administrative Agent makes a determination under Section 2.14(a) and any Borrower has previously notified the Administrative Agent of its selection of, conversion to or renewal of a Eurocurrency Borrowing and such interest rate has not yet gone into effect, such notification shall be deemed to provide for selection of, conversion to or renewal of the Alternate Base Rate otherwise available with respect to such Loans. If any Lender notifies the Administrative Agent of a determination under Section 2.14(b), the Company shall, subject to the Borrowers' obligations under Section 2.16, as to any Loan of the Lender to which the Eurocurrency Rate or Daily Simple SOFR applies, on the date specified in such notice either convert such Loan to the Alternate Base Rate otherwise available with respect to such Loan or prepay such Loan in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Absent due notice from the Company of conversion or prepayment, such Loan shall automatically be converted to the Alternate Base Rate otherwise available with respect to such Loan upon such specified date. 
 (d)	 Benchmark Replacement Setting . 
 (i)	 Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark for any Agreed Currency, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a)(2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (a)(3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement 
 57 

for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 (ii)	 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement or in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of the Term SOFR Rate and/or Daily Simple SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (iii)	 Notices; Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Company and the Lenders of (A) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (B) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (C) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (D) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to paragraph (v) below and (E) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section titled Benchmark Replacement Setting. 
 (iv)	 Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement) and for Eurocurrency Borrowings in any Agreed Currency, (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or the Applicable Reference Rate) and either (1) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (2) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (B) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (A) above either (1) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (2) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or 
 58 

analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (v)	 Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon the Company s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, a Borrower may revoke any request for a Loan bearing interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable, or conversion to or continuation of Loans bearing interest based on the Eurocurrency Rate to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, (A) (1) in the case of any request for a Eurocurrency Borrowing in Dollars or any Swingline Loan, the applicable Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Loan or conversion to Loans bearing interest under the Alternate Base Rate and (2) in the case of any request for a Eurocurrency Borrowing in a Foreign Currency, then such request shall be ineffective and (B)(1) any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Borrowings or Swingline Loans denominated in Dollars will be deemed to have been converted into Loans bearing interest under the Alternate Base Rate at the end of the applicable Interest Period and (2) any outstanding affected Eurocurrency Borrowings denominated in a Foreign Currency, at the Borrower s election, shall either (I) be converted into Loans bearing interest under the Base Rate Option denominated in Dollars (in an amount equal to the Dollar Amount of such Foreign Currency) at the end of the applicable Interest Period or (II) be prepaid at the end of the applicable Interest Period in full; provided that if no election is made by the applicable Borrower by the earlier of (x) the date that is three Business Days after receipt by the Company of such notice and (y) the last day of the current Interest Period for the applicable Eurocurrency Borrowing, such Borrower shall be deemed to have elected clause (I) above. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Alternate Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Alternate Base Rate. 
 Section 2.15.	 Increased Costs . (a) If any Change in Law shall: 
 (i)	 impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirements (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender or any Issuing Bank; 
 (ii)	 impose on any Lender or any Issuing Bank or any applicable interbank deposit market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or 
 (iii)	 subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; 
 and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan (including, without limitation, pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency into a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency) or to increase the cost to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit (including, without limitation, pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated 
 59 

in an Agreed Currency into a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency) or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder, whether of principal, interest or otherwise (including, without limitation, pursuant to any conversion of any Borrowing denominated in an Agreed Currency into a Borrowing denominated in any other Agreed Currency), then the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered; provided , in each case, that such Lender, such Issuing Bank or such other Recipient has requested such payments from similarly situated borrowers. 
 (b)	 If any Lender or any Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the applicable Borrower will pay to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered; provided , in each case, that such Lender or such Issuing Bank has requested such payments from similarly situated borrowers. 
 (c)	 A certificate of a Lender or an Issuing Bank setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or such Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Company and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Company shall pay, or cause the other Borrowers to pay, such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 (d)	 Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or any Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to clauses (a) through (c) above shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Company shall not be required to compensate a Lender or an Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Company of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or such Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 Section 2.16.	 Break Funding Payments . In the event of (a) the payment of any principal of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (b) the conversion of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (c) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Eurocurrency Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11(a) and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (d) the assignment of any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Company pursuant to Section 2.19, then, in 
 60 

any such event, the Borrowers shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event; provided , that the Borrowers shall not be required to compensate the Lenders in accordance with the foregoing if the loss, cost or expense is incurred as a result of (i) the requirement of the Administrative Agent on the Borrowers to prepay or convert any Eurocurrency Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto or (ii) the failure to borrow, convert or continue any Eurocurrency Loan on the date specified in any notice because such notice is deemed to be a request to borrow, convert or continue an ABR Loan under Section 2.14(d). A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, as determined in good faith by such Lender (which determination may include such assumptions, allocations of costs and expenses and averaging or attribution methods as such Lender shall deem reasonable) to be necessary to indemnify such Lender for such loss, cost or expense, shall be delivered to the applicable Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The applicable Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. 
 Section 2.17.	 Taxes . (a) Payments Free of Taxes . Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Borrower under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a Withholding Agent, then the applicable Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17) the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (b)	 Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrowers . The relevant Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. 
 (c)	 Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (d)	 Indemnification by the Borrowers . The Borrowers shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the relevant Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e)	 Indemnification by the Lenders . Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Borrower has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrowers to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the 
 61 

provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 
 (f)	 Status of Lenders . 
 (i)	 Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. Notwithstanding the submission of such documentation claiming a reduced rate of or exemption from U.S. Federal withholding tax, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to withhold United States Federal income taxes at the full 30 withholding rate if in its reasonable judgment it is required to do so under the due diligence requirements imposed upon a withholding agent under 1.1441-7(b) of the United States Income Tax Regulations. Further, the Administrative Agent is indemnified under 1.1461-1(e) of the United States Income Tax Regulations against any claims and demands of any Lender or assignee or participant of a Lender for the amount of any tax it deducts and withholds in accordance with regulations under 1441 of the Code. 
 (ii)	 Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that any Borrower is a U.S. Person: 
 (A)	 any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. Federal backup withholding tax; 
 (B)	 any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes 
 62 

a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable; 
 (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. Federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; 
 
 (2) executed originals of IRS Form W-8ECI; 
 
 (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of such Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 
 
 (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-2 or Exhibit H-3 , IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit H-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; 
 (C)	 any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of such Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. Federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit such Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and 
 (D)	 if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. Federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to such Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such 
 63 

time or times reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by such Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for such Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g)	 Treatment of Certain Refunds . If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (h)	 Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 
 (i)	 Issuing Bank . For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes each Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. 
 (j)	 Certain FATCA Matters . For purposes of determining withholding taxes imposed under the FATCA, from and after the Effective Date, the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent shall treat (and the Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent to treat) the Agreement as not qualifying as a grandfathered obligation within the meaning of 1.1471-2(b)(2)(i) of the United States Income Tax Regulations. 
 Section 2.18.	 Payments Generally; Pro Rata Treatment; Sharing of Set offs . 
 (a)	 Each Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable 
 64 

under Section 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to (i) in the case of payments denominated in Dollars by the Company, 2:00 p.m. and (ii) in the case of payments denominated in a Foreign Currency, 12:00 noon, in the city of the Administrative Agent s Payment Office for such currency, in each case on the date when due, without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrowers, in immediately available funds, without set-off, counterclaim or other deduction of any nature. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made (i) in the same currency in which the applicable Credit Event was made (or where such currency has been converted to euro, in euro) and (ii) to the Administrative Agent at its Principal Office or, in the case of a Credit Event denominated in a Foreign Currency, the Administrative Agent s Payment Office for such currency, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Banks or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments denominated in the same currency received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. 
 (b)	 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, if, after the making of any Credit Event in any Foreign Currency, currency control or exchange regulations are imposed in the country which issues such currency with the result that the type of currency in which the Credit Event was made (the Original Currency no longer exists or any Borrower is not able to make payment to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders in such Original Currency, the Required Lenders may at their option permit such payment to be made (i) at and to a different location, subsidiary, affiliate or correspondent of Administrative Agent, or (ii) in the Dollar Amount or (iii) in the Dollar Amount of such other currency (freely convertible into Dollars) as the Required Lenders may solely at their option designate. Upon any events described in (i) through (iii) of the preceding sentence, the Borrowers shall make such payment and each Borrower agrees to hold each Lender harmless from and against any loss incurred by any Lender arising from the cost to such Lender of any premium, any costs of exchange, the cost of hedging and covering the Foreign Currency in which such Loan was originally made, and from any change in the value of Dollars, or such other currency, in relation to the Foreign Currency that was due and owing. Such loss shall be calculated for the period commencing with the first day of the Interest Period for such Loan and continuing through the date of payment thereof. Without prejudice to the survival of any other agreement of the parties hereunder, the Borrowers' obligations under this clause (b) shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 (c)	 If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of principal, unreimbursed LC Disbursements, interest and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first, towards payment of interest and fees then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to such parties, and (ii) second, towards payment of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due hereunder, ratably among the parties entitled thereto in accordance with the amounts of principal and unreimbursed LC Disbursements then due to such parties. 
 (d)	 At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder whether made 
 65 

following a request by a Borrower (or the Company on behalf of a Borrower) pursuant to Section 2.03 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of such Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans) and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03, 2.04 or 2.05, as applicable and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of the relevant Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents. 
 (e)	 If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Revolving Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Revolving Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by any Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). Each Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against such Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of such Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (f)	 Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the relevant Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks hereunder that such Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if such Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or such Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 (g)	 If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), then the Administrative Agent may, in 
 66 

its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank to satisfy such Lender s obligations under such Sections until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender under such Sections; in the case of each of (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 Section 2.19.	 Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b)	 If (i) any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, (ii) any Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 or (iii) any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights and obligations under the Loan Documents to an assignee (other than an Ineligible Institution) that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and if a Commitment is being assigned, the Issuing Banks), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Section 2.20.	 Expansion Option . The Company may from time to time elect to increase the Commitments or enter into one or more tranches of term loans (each an Incremental Term Loan ), in each case in minimum increments of 10,000,000 so long as, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate amount of such increases and all such Incremental Term Loans does not exceed 300,000,000. The Company may arrange for any such increase or tranche to be provided by one or more Lenders (each Lender so agreeing to an increase in its Commitment, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, an Increasing Lender ), or by one or more new banks, financial institutions or other entities (other than an Ineligible Institution) (each such new bank, financial institution or other entity, an Augmenting Lender ), which agree to increase their existing Commitments, or to participate in such Incremental Term Loans, or extend Commitments, as the case may be; provided that (i) each Augmenting Lender shall be subject to the approval of the Company, JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent, (ii) no Augmenting Lender shall be an 
 67 

Ineligible Institution and (iii)(x) in the case of an Increasing Lender, the Company and such Increasing Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit C hereto, and (y) in the case of an Augmenting Lender, the Company and such Augmenting Lender execute an agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto. No consent of any Lender (other than the Lenders participating in the increase or any Incremental Term Loan) shall be required for any increase in Commitments or Incremental Term Loan pursuant to this Section 2.20. Increases and new Commitments and Incremental Term Loans created pursuant to this Section 2.20 shall become effective on the date agreed by the Company, JPMorgan, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Increasing Lenders or Augmenting Lenders, and the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no increase in the Commitments (or in the Commitment of any Lender) or tranche of Incremental Term Loans shall become effective under this paragraph unless, (i) on the proposed date of the effectiveness of such increase or Incremental Term Loans, (A) the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02 shall be satisfied or waived by the Required Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Responsible Officer of the Company and (B) the Company shall be in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.13 and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received documents consistent with those delivered on the Effective Date as to the corporate power and authority of the Borrowers to borrow hereunder after giving effect to such increase. On the effective date of any increase in the Commitments or any Incremental Term Loans being made, (i) each relevant Increasing Lender and Augmenting Lender shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and (ii) except in the case of any Incremental Term Loans, the Borrowers shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase in the Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the applicable Borrower, or the Company on behalf of the applicable Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03). The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (ii) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each Eurocurrency Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrowers pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. The Incremental Term Loans (a) shall rank pari passu in right of payment with the Revolving Loans, (b) shall not mature earlier than the Maturity Date (but may have amortization prior to such date) and (c) shall be treated substantially the same as (and in any event no more favorably than) the Revolving Loans; provided that (i) the terms and conditions applicable to any tranche of Incremental Term Loans maturing after the Maturity Date may provide for material additional or different financial or other covenants or prepayment requirements applicable only during periods after the Maturity Date and (ii) the Incremental Term Loans may be priced differently than the Revolving Loans. Incremental Term Loans may be made hereunder pursuant to an amendment or restatement (an Incremental Term Loan Amendment of this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrowers, each Increasing Lender participating in such tranche, each Augmenting Lender participating in such tranche, if any, JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent. The Incremental Term Loan Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lenders, effect such amendments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of JPMorgan or the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Section 2.20. Nothing contained in this Section 2.20 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its Commitment hereunder, or provide Incremental Term Loans, at any time. In connection with any increase of the Commitments or Incremental Term Loans pursuant to this Section 2.20, any Augmenting Lender becoming a party hereto shall (1) execute such documents and agreements as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request and (2) in the case of any Augmenting Lender that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside of the United States of America, provide to the Administrative Agent, its name, address, 
 68 

tax identification number and/or such other information as shall be necessary for the Administrative Agent to comply with know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including without limitation, the Patriot Act. 
 Section 2.21.	 [Intentionally Omitted] . 
 Section 2.22.	 Judgment Currency . If for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court it is necessary to convert a sum due from any Borrower hereunder in the currency expressed to be payable herein (the specified currency into another currency, the parties hereto agree, to the fullest extent that they may effectively do so, that the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the specified currency with such other currency at the Administrative Agent s Principal Office on the Business Day preceding that on which final, non appealable judgment is given. The obligations of each Borrower in respect of any sum due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency other than the specified currency, and whether pursuant to a judgment or otherwise, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) of any sum adjudged to be so due in such other currency such Lender or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) may in accordance with normal, reasonable banking procedures purchase the specified currency with such other currency. If the amount of the specified currency so purchased is less than the sum originally due to such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency, each Borrower agrees, to the fullest extent that it may effectively do so, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, against such loss, and if the amount of the specified currency so purchased exceeds (a) the sum originally due to any Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, in the specified currency and (b) any amounts shared with other Lenders as a result of allocations of such excess as a disproportionate payment to such Lender under Section 2.18, such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, agrees to remit such excess to such Borrower. 
 Section 2.23.	 Designation of Foreign Subsidiary Borrowers . The Company may from time to time request that a Foreign Subsidiary be added to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as an additional Borrower with the ability to request and receive Loans from the Lenders (each, a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower ). No more than five (5) requests shall be delivered during the term of this Agreement. Each such request shall be delivered in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and shall specify the name of such Foreign Subsidiary, such Foreign Subsidiary s jurisdiction of organization, and the Business Day on which the Company would like such joinder to be given effect. Such request shall be delivered at least thirty (30) days prior to the date on which the Company wishes to join such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereto. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders, subsequent to their receipt of such request, may ask the Company for additional information related to the proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in their respective reasonable discretion. Taxes resulting from payments to any Lender by any such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall not be treated as Indemnified Taxes to the extent that Taxes resulting from such payment would have been Excluded Taxes if such payments had been made by the Company. In addition, no Lender shall be required to make Loans to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower if such Lender shall have given notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company within fifteen (15) Business Days after its receipt of the request to join such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereto that such Lender has determined in good faith that it would be subject, in making Loans to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, to (i) regulatory or legal limitations or restrictions, (ii) material internal operations burdens or (iii) material financial disadvantage arising out of or attributable to the location or jurisdiction of organization of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower or the nature of its activities. If all of the Lenders inform the Administrative Agent and the Company that they are subject to such regulatory, legal or other burdens or limitations and restrictions or are otherwise disadvantaged as described above, then such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall not be joined hereto. If only a subset of the Lenders are unable to make Loans to such Foreign 
 69 

Subsidiary Borrower as a result of the foregoing, then the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall have the right to adjust (including, without limitation, tranching hereof) the provisions of Article II and the other terms and conditions of this Agreement as they may reasonably determine to enable the Lenders that are able to make Loans to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower without becoming subject to any such regulatory or any legal restriction or limitation or such burden or financial disadvantage, and without causing the Company or any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower to incur any such disadvantages of its own (including any such disadvantage in the form of being required to indemnify Lenders for withholding payments including Taxes), to make Loans available to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower on a non-pro rata basis with Lenders that are not so able, with such adjustments to be made in a manner that, to the extent practicable, are reasonably equitable to all the Lenders. In order to join a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereto, the Company shall cause the delivery or satisfaction of the following to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the date on which the Company has requested that such joinder be given effect: (i) a Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement executed by the Company, the applicable Foreign Subsidiary Borrower, JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to each of them, pursuant to which such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall agree to be bound by the terms and conditions hereof and shall be entitled to request and receive Loans hereunder and (ii) all other conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.03. Upon satisfaction of the requirements set forth in this Section 2.23, the applicable Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall for all purposes of this Agreement be a party to this Agreement until the Company shall have executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent a Borrowing Subsidiary Termination with respect to such Subsidiary, whereupon such Subsidiary shall cease to be a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower and a party to this Agreement. The Company, JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent may enter into an amendment hereto, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to each of them, to give further effect to the addition of such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereto, and the Lenders authorize JPMorgan and the Administrative Agent to enter into such an amendment; provided, however, that such amendment shall be technical and ministerial in nature and shall be focused solely on appropriately inserting the Foreign Subsidiary Borrower into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The Company shall guarantee the Obligations of each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Article X. Each Foreign Subsidiary that is or becomes a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant hereto hereby irrevocably appoints the Company as its agent for all purposes relevant to this Agreement and each related document, including service of process. For the avoidance of doubt, no Lender shall be required to make any Loans to any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower if in contravention of applicable laws. Notwithstanding any other provision herein or in the other Loan Documents, (i) each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall only be liable for the Obligations incurred by it, (ii) no Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have any liability whatsoever for the payment of any Obligations of any other Borrower, and (iii) no payments received from any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall be applied by the Administrative Agent or any Lender to any Obligation of any other Borrower. The liability of each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall be several and not joint with the Obligations of any other Borrower. 
 Section 2.24.	 Defaulting Lenders . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 
 (a)	 fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); 
 (b)	 any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VII or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 9.08 shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , to the payment on a pro 
 70 

rata basis of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to any Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender hereunder; third, to cash collateralize the LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with 2.06(j); fourth , as the Company may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; fifth , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Company, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to (x) satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Loans under this Agreement and (y) cash collateralize the future LC Exposure with respect to such Defaulting Lender with respect to future Letters of Credit issued under this Agreement, in accordance with Section 2.06(j); sixth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender, the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; seventh , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to any Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by such Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender's breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and eighth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans or LC Disbursement in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Loans were made or the related Letters of Credit were issued at a time when the conditions specified in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of, and LC Disbursements owed to, all non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of, or LC Disbursements owed to, such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Loans and funded and unfunded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans are held by the Lenders pro rata in accordance with the Commitments without giving effect to clause (d) of this Section 2.24. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender or to post cash collateral pursuant to this Section 2.24(b) shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender, and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c)	 the Commitment and Revolving Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.02); provided this clause (c) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender affected thereby; 
 (d)	 if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: 
 (i)	 all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent the sum of all non-Defaulting Lenders Revolving Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Lender s Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all non-Defaulting Lenders Commitments; 
 (ii)	 if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Company shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first , prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second , cash collateralize for the benefit of the relevant Issuing Bank only the Borrowers obligations 
 71 

corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; 
 (iii)	 if the Company cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrowers shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; 
 (iv)	 if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Section 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and 
 (v)	 if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Banks or any other Lender hereunder, all facility fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Lender (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Lender s Commitment that was utilized by such LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the relevant Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and 
 (e)	 so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and the Issuing Banks shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Company in accordance with Section 2.24(d), and participating interests in any such newly made Swingline Loan or any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.24(d)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). 
 If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Parent of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Swingline Lender or any Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Swingline Lender shall not be required to fund any Swingline Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Swingline Lender or the relevant Issuing Bank, as the case may be, shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Lender, satisfactory to the Swingline Lender or such Issuing Bank, as the case may be, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. 
 In the event that the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Company, the Swingline Lender and each Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Commitment and on such date such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 Section 2.25.	 Returned Payments . If, after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of 
 72 

setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.25 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.25 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties 
 Each Borrower represents and warrants to the Lenders that: 
 Section 3.01.	 Organization . The Company and each of its Active Restricted Subsidiaries is a corporation duly organized and in good standing, if applicable, under the laws of the state of its incorporation, is duly qualified in all jurisdictions where required by the conduct of its business or ownership of its assets, except where the failure to so qualify would not have a Material Adverse Effect, and has the power and authority to own and operate its assets and to conduct its business as is now done. 
 Section 3.02.	 Financial Condition . 
 (a)	 Audited Financial Statements . The consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of May 31, 2021 and the related consolidated statements of income and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, reported on by KPMG LLP and set forth in the Company s 2021 Form 10-K, a copy of which has been delivered to each of the Lenders, fairly present, in conformity with GAAP, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of operations and cash flows for such fiscal year. 
 (b)	 Material Adverse Change . Since May 31, 2021, except as reflected in the Company s filings with the SEC prior to the Effective Date, there has been no change in the business, assets, financial condition or operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, that would materially and adversely affect the Company s ability to perform any of its respective obligations under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents (a Material Adverse Change ), and no event or development has occurred which could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c)	 Post-Closing Financial Statements . The financial statements delivered to the Lenders pursuant to Section 5.01(a)(i), (a)(iii), (b) and (c), if any, (i) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may otherwise be permitted under Section 5.01(a), (b) and (c)) and (ii) present fairly (on the basis disclosed in the footnotes to such financial statements, if any) the consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the respective dates thereof and for the respective periods covered thereby. 
 Section 3.03.	 Litigation, Etc . As of the date hereof, there are no actions, suits, proceedings or governmental investigations pending, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 73 

Section 3.04.	 Taxes . The Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries have filed all United States Federal income tax returns and all other material tax returns which are required to be filed by them and have paid all Taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary except such taxes, if any, as are being contested in good faith and as to which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. The charges, accruals and reserves on the books of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of Taxes or other governmental charges are, in the opinion of the Company, adequate. 
 Section 3.05.	 Authority . Each Borrower has full power and authority to enter into the transactions provided for in this Agreement. The documents to be executed by it in connection with this Agreement, when executed and delivered by it will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of it enforceable in accordance with their respective terms except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws in effect from time to time affecting the rights of creditors generally and except as such enforceability may be subject to general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity). 
 Section 3.06.	 Other Defaults . There does not now exist any material default or violation by any Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Company of or under any of the terms, conditions or obligations of: (i) its Articles or Certificate of Incorporation and Regulations or Bylaws, as applicable, (ii) any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust, franchise, permit, contract, agreement, or other instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound or (iii) any law, regulation, ruling, order, injunction, decree, condition or other requirement applicable to or imposed upon it by any law or by any governmental authority, court or agency; and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will not result in any such default or violation. As used herein, a material default or violation will mean one which would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.07.	 Licenses, Etc . The Company and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries has obtained any and all licenses, permits, franchises, or other governmental authorizations necessary for the ownership of its properties and the conduct of its business, except where failure to obtain any such item would not cause a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.08.	 ERISA . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the related applicable provisions of the Code and other Federal and state laws and the regulations and published interpretations thereunder, to the extent necessary to avoid a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.09.	 Environmental Matters . The Company and its Subsidiaries are in material compliance with Environmental Laws and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries are subject to any liability or obligation under any Environmental Laws which would have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 3.10.	 Ownership of Property; Liens . The Company and each Restricted Subsidiary has good record and marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except for such defects in title as would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. As of the Effective Date, the property of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries is subject to no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 6.02. 
 Section 3.11.	 Insurance . The properties of the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries are insured with responsible insurance companies against loss or damage from hazards and the Company and 
 74 

its Restricted Subsidiaries maintain public liability insurance, all in amounts reasonably consistent with the Company s current practices. 
 Section 3.12.	 Subsidiaries . Schedule 3.12 sets forth a complete and accurate list as of the Effective Date of all Restricted Subsidiaries of the Company. Schedule 3.12 sets forth as of the Effective Date the jurisdiction of formation of each such Restricted Subsidiary, and for each Restricted Subsidiary which is not a Wholly-Owned Subsidiary of the Company, the number of authorized shares of each class of Equity Interests of each such Restricted Subsidiary, the number of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests, the number and percentage of outstanding shares of each class of Equity Interests of each such Restricted Subsidiary owned (directly or indirectly) by any Person and the number and effect, if exercised, of all Equity Equivalents with respect to Equity Interests of each such Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Section 3.13.	 Margin Regulation; Investment Company Act . 
 (a)	 None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. No part of the Letters of Credit or proceeds of the Loans will be used, directly, or indirectly, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U. If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Company will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form U-1 referred to in Regulation U. No indebtedness being reduced or retired out of the proceeds of the Loans was or will be incurred for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U or any margin security within the meaning of Regulation T. Margin stock within the meaning of Regulation U does not constitute more than 25 of the value of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. None of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including the direct or indirect use of the proceeds of the Loans) will violate or result in a violation of the Securities Act, as amended, the Exchange Act or regulations issued pursuant thereto, or Regulation T, U or X. 
 (b)	 None of the Company and its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940, each as amended. In addition, none of the Company and its Subsidiaries is (i) an investment company registered or required to be registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended or (ii) controlled by such a company. 
 (c)	 No director, executive officer or principal holder of any Equity Interest of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a director, executive officer or principal shareholder of any Lender. For the purposes hereof, the terms director , executive officer and principal shareholder (when used with reference to any Lender) have the respective meanings assigned thereto in Regulation O. 
 Section 3.14.	 Disclosure . 
 (a)	 No statement, information, report, representation, or warranty made by any Borrower in any Loan Document or furnished to the Administrative Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of any Borrower as required by any Loan Document contains any untrue statement of a material fact or omits any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect. 
 (b)	 Only to the extent a Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, each Certificate of Beneficial Ownership executed and delivered 
 75 

to the Administrative Agent and Lenders for each Borrower that qualifies as such on or prior to the date of this Agreement, as updated from time to time in accordance with this Agreement, is accurate, complete and correct as of the date hereof and as of the date any such update is delivered. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that each Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, if applicable, is one of the Loan Documents. 
 Section 3.15.	 Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions . The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to reasonably ensure compliance by the Company, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective directors, officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions, and none of the Company, its Subsidiaries and, to the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective officers, employees and directors, are in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions in any material respect and are not knowingly engaged in any activity that would reasonably be expected to result in any Borrower being designated as a Sanctioned Person. None of (a) the Company, any Subsidiary or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent of the Company or any Subsidiary that will act on its behalf in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or Sanctions. 
 Section 3.16.	 Affected Financial Institutions . No Borrower is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Section 3.17.	 Plan Assets; Prohibited Transactions . None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is an entity deemed to hold plan assets (within the meaning of the Plan Asset Regulations), and neither the execution, delivery nor performance of the Transactions, including the making of any Loan and the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, will give rise to a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
 ARTICLE IV Conditions 
 Section 4.01.	 Effective Date . The initial Credit Event hereunder shall not occur until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): 
 (a)	 The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto (including each Departing Lender, unless the Company shall have replaced such Departing Lender with a Lender party to this Agreement pursuant to Section 9.02(d) of the Existing Credit Agreement) either (A) a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party or (B) written evidence satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (which may include telecopy or electronic transmission of a signed signature page of this Agreement) that such party has signed a counterpart of this Agreement and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other legal opinions and certificates (and all required attachments thereto) as the Administrative Agent or JPMorgan shall reasonably request in connection with the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to JPMorgan, the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit E . 
 (b)	 The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall have received a favorable written opinion (addressed to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders and dated the Effective Date) of 
 76 

each of (i) Vorys, Sater, Seymour and Pease LLP, counsel for the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 and (ii) the General Counsel of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 , in each case, covering such other matters relating to the Borrowers, the Loan Documents or the Transactions as JPMorgan or the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. The Company hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinions. 
 (c)	 The Lenders shall have received (i) satisfactory audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the two most recent fiscal years ended prior to the Effective Date as to which such financial statements are available, (ii) satisfactory unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Company for each quarterly period ended subsequent to the date of the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available and (iii) satisfactory financial statement projections through and including the Company s 2026 fiscal year, together with such information as the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and the Lenders shall reasonably request (including, without limitation, a detailed description of the assumptions used in preparing such projections). 
 (d)	 The Lenders shall have received such documents and certificates as JPMorgan, the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing (if applicable) of the initial Borrowers, the authorization of the Transactions and any other legal matters relating to such Borrowers, the Loan Documents or the Transactions, all in form and substance satisfactory to JPMorgan, the Administrative Agent and its counsel and as further described in the list of closing documents attached as Exhibit E . 
 (e)	 The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Company, confirming compliance with the conditions set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.02. 
 (f)	 Each Departing Lender shall have received payment in full of all of its outstanding Obligations owing under the Existing Credit Agreement (other than obligations to pay fees and expenses with respect to which the Company has not received an invoice and contingent indemnity obligations and other contingent obligations owing to it under the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement). 
 (g)	 The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to each of them that all governmental and third party approvals necessary or, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan, advisable in connection with the Transactions and the continuing operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries have been obtained and are in full force and effect. 
 (h)	 (i) The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to them that the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and the Joint Lead Arrangers shall have received all fees and other amounts due and payable on or prior to the Effective Date, including, to the extent invoiced, reimbursement or payment of all out-of-pocket expenses required to be reimbursed or paid by the Company hereunder and (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received payment, for the account of the applicable Lenders and other parties to the Existing Credit Agreement, of (x) the principal amount of all outstanding Swingline Loans under the Existing Credit Agreement, (y) the principal amount of all outstanding Loans (if any) under the Existing Credit Agreement made to the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary (as defined in Section 11.02) and (z) all accrued and unpaid interest and fees payable pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 77 

(i)	 (x) The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall have received, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, all documentation and other information regarding each Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Company at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date and (y) only to the extent any Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five days prior to the Effective Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Company at least 10 days prior to the Effective Date, a Certificate of Beneficial Ownership in relation to any Borrower shall have received such Certificate of Beneficial Ownership provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (y) shall be deemed to be satisfied). 
 The Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. 
 Section 4.02.	 Each Credit Event . The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of each Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 
 (a)	 The representations and warranties of the Borrowers set forth in this Agreement and all other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation and warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier) on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, except to the extent that the same specifically relate to an earlier date (which representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (or in all respects if the applicable representation and warranty is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier) on and as of the specific dates or times referred to therein). 
 (b)	 At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrowers on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section. 
 Section 4.03.	 Designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower . The designation of a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower pursuant to Section 2.23 is subject to the condition precedent that the Company or such proposed Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have furnished or caused to be furnished to the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan: 
 (a)	 Copies, certified by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary, of its Board of Directors resolutions (and resolutions of other bodies, if any are deemed necessary by JPMorgan or counsel for the Administrative Agent) approving the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and any other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party and such documents and certificates as JPMorgan, the Administrative Agent or its counsel may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of such Subsidiary; 
 (b)	 An incumbency certificate, executed by the Secretary or Assistant Secretary of such Subsidiary, which shall identify by name and title and bear the signature of the officers of such 
 78 

Subsidiary authorized to request Borrowings hereunder and sign the Borrowing Subsidiary Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which such Subsidiary is becoming a party, upon which certificate the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely until informed of any change in writing by the Company or such Subsidiary; 
 (c)	 Opinions of counsel to such Subsidiary, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to JPMorgan, the Administrative Agent and its counsel, with respect to the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and such other matters as are reasonably requested by JPMorgan or counsel to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and the Lenders; 
 (d)	 To the extent requested by any Lender, promissory notes for each Lender, and any other instruments and documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or JPMorgan; 
 (e)	 All compliance certificates, borrowing requests and other similar deliverables as required for the Company under Sections 5.01 and 5.02; 
 (f)	 All documentation and other information reasonably requested by the Lenders or the Administrative Agent under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and, only to the extent a Borrower is a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation; and 
 (g)	 Such other similar or related agreements, documents and instruments reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan, and not otherwise inconsistent with the terms hereof. 
 ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired, terminated or been cash-collateralized pursuant to Section 2.06 and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 Section 5.01.	 Information . The Company will furnish, or cause to be furnished, to the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders: 
 (a)	 Certain SEC Filings and Shareholder Reports . As soon as available, and in any event within 14 days of the filing or distribution thereof, (i) copies of all periodic reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, (ii) copies of all current reports on Form 8-K, and (iii) its annual reports to its shareholders (in all cases as filed with the SEC). 
 (b)	 Annual Financial Statements . If the Company is not required to file 10-K filings with the SEC or does not file the same within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, as soon as available, and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet and income statement of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, as of the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in comparative form consolidated figures for the preceding fiscal year, all such financial statements to be in reasonable form and detail and audited by independent certified public accountants of recognized national 
 79 

standing reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and accompanied by an opinion of such accountants (which shall not be subject to any qualifications or exceptions as to the scope of the audit nor to any qualifications or exceptions not reasonably acceptable to the Required Lenders) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied (except for changes with which such accountants concur). 
 (c)	 Quarterly Financial Statements . If the Company is not required to file 10-Q filings with the SEC or does not file the same within 45 days after the end of each fiscal year, as soon as available, and in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year of the Company, a consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal quarter, together with related consolidated statements of operations and retained earnings and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, setting forth in comparative form consolidated figures for the corresponding periods of the preceding fiscal year, all such financial statements to be in form and detail and reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, and accompanied by a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company to the effect that such quarterly financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP and present fairly in accordance with GAAP in all material respects the consolidated financial position and consolidated results of operations and cash flows of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to changes resulting from normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes required by GAAP. 
 (d)	 Officer s Certificate . At the time of delivery of the financial statements provided for in Sections 5.01(a), 5.01(b) and 5.01(c) above, a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company (i) demonstrating compliance with the financial covenants contained in Section 6.13 by calculation thereof as of the end of the fiscal period covered by such financial statements, stating that no Default or Event of Default exists, or if any Default or Event of Default does exist, specifying the nature and extent thereof and what action the Company proposes to take with respect thereto, and (ii) stating whether, since the date of the most recent financial statements delivered hereunder, there has been any material change in the GAAP applied in the preparation of the financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, and, if so, describing such change. 
 (e)	 Reports . Promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Company, and copies of all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Company may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and not otherwise required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant hereto. 
 (f)	 Notices . Prompt notice of: (i) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (ii) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a material Contractual Obligation of the Company or any Subsidiary; (iii) any dispute, litigation, investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Company or any Subsidiary and any Governmental Authority; (iv) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Company or any Subsidiary, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Law; (v) the occurrence of any ERISA Event; (vi) any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practice by the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary; and (vii) of any public announcement by Fitch, Moody s or S P of any change or possible change in the Designated Ratings; provided that in the case of 
 80 

the events set forth in clauses (ii) through (v), of this subsection (f), any such event has had, or the Company reasonably expects such event will have, a Material Adverse Effect. Each notice pursuant to this Section 5.01(f) shall (i) be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Company setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Company has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto and (ii) describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement or other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 (g)	 Other Information . With reasonable promptness upon request therefor, (a) (i) confirmation of the accuracy of the information set forth in the most recent Certificate of Beneficial Ownership if provided to the Administrative Agent and Lenders pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, (ii) only to the extent a Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a new Certificate of Beneficial Ownership, in form and substance acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Lenders, when the individual(s) to be identified as a Beneficial Owner have changed, and (iii) such other information and documentation as may reasonably be requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender from time to time for purposes of compliance by the Administrative Agent or such Lender with applicable laws (including without limitation the Patriot Act and other know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations), and any policy or procedure implemented by the Administrative Agent or such Lender to comply therewith, and (b) such other information regarding the business, properties or financial condition of the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary as the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders may reasonably request. 
 Section 5.02.	 Books and Records . The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain proper books of account and other records and enter therein complete and accurate entries and records of all of its transactions and give representatives of the Administrative Agent, at the Lenders expense, reasonable access thereto at all reasonable times, including permission to examine, copy and make abstracts from any of such books and records and such other information as it may from time to time reasonably request. In addition, it will be available to the Lenders, or cause its officers to be available from time to time upon reasonable notice to discuss the status of the Loans, its business and any statements, records or documents furnished or made available to the Lenders in connection with this Agreement. 
 Section 5.03.	 Payment of Obligations . The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, pay and discharge as the same shall become due and payable, all its obligations and liabilities the non-payment of which could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, including: (i) material Taxes, assessments, charges, levies and other similar material liabilities imposed upon it, its income, profits, property or business, except those which currently are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which it has set aside reserves or made other adequate provision with respect thereto; and (ii) all lawful claims which, if unpaid, would by law become a Lien upon its property which is not a Permitted Lien. 
 Section 5.04.	 Compliance with Laws . The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with all laws and regulations applicable to each of them and to the operation of their respective businesses, including without limitation those relating to environmental and health matters, and do all things necessary to maintain, renew and keep in full force and effect all rights, permits, licenses, certificates, satisfactory clearances and franchises necessary to enable them to continue their respective businesses, to the extent its failure to comply with or do any of the foregoing could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.05.	 Environmental Violations . The Company will promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any violation by it or any of its Subsidiaries of any Environmental Law to the extent such violation would, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 81 

Section 5.06.	 ERISA Compliance . To the extent necessary to prevent a Material Adverse Effect, the Company will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the applicable related provisions of the Code and other Federal and state laws. 
 Section 5.07.	 Maintenance of Properties . The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, (i) maintain, preserve and protect all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear excepted, and (ii) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof, except in each case where the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 5.08.	 Maintenance of Insurance . The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, maintain insurance with responsible insurance companies against loss or damage from hazards and the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries will maintain public liability insurance, all in amounts reasonably consistent with the Company s current practice. 
 Section 5.09.	 Use of Proceeds . 
 (a)	 The proceeds of the Loans and Letters of Credit will be used to repay indebtedness and for working capital and other general corporate purposes of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, capital expenditures or acquisitions, not in contravention of any law or of any Loan Document. No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. 
 (b)	 No Borrower will request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and no Borrower shall use, and shall ensure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent such activities, businesses, or transactions would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States of America, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. 
 Section 5.10.	 Existence; Conduct of Business . The Company will, and will cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, (i) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence, (ii) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, privileges, franchises, governmental authorizations and intellectual property rights necessary to the conduct of its business, and (iii) maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted, except, with respect to clauses (ii) and (iii), where the failure to so preserve, renew, keep in full force and effect and maintain could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that none of the foregoing shall prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.04. 
 82 

ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants 
 Until the Commitments have expired or terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit have expired, terminated or been cash-collateralized pursuant to Section 2.06, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company covenants and agrees with the Lenders that: 
 Section 6.01.	 Limitation on Indebtedness of Restricted Subsidiaries . The Company will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, incur, create, assume or permit to exist any Indebtedness except: 
 (i)	 Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Company (including any Indebtedness of a Person existing at the time such Person is merged with or into or consolidated with a Subsidiary of the Company, or at the time of a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the properties of a Person to a Subsidiary of the Company); provided that such Indebtedness was not incurred in connection with, or in anticipation of, such event; 
 (ii)	 Indebtedness owing to the Company, any Restricted Subsidiary or Worthington Receivables (or any replacement or substitute thereof); 
 (iii)	 Indebtedness evidenced by letters of credit not issued or deemed issued hereunder; provided that the aggregate face amount of all such letters of credit shall not exceed 30,000,000 in the aggregate at any time; and 
 (iv)	 other Indebtedness of the Restricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not in excess of 10 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 Section 6.02.	 Restriction on Liens . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, incur, create, assume, become or be liable in any way, or suffer to exist any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, or other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever on any of its assets, now or hereafter owned, other than Permitted Liens. 
 Section 6.03.	 Investments . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make or acquire, any Investment in any Person, except the following (such Investments described below being herein referred to as Permitted Investments ): 
 (i)	 Investments other than those permitted by subsections (i) through (xii) existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 6.03 ; 
 (ii)	 Investments held by the Company or such Restricted Subsidiary in the form of Cash Equivalents; 
 (iii)	 advances to officers, directors and employees of the Company and Subsidiaries for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes, in each case only to the extent that the making or incurrence of any such advance or obligation to any director or executive officer (or equivalent thereof) would not be in violation of Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 
 (iv)	 Investments of the Company in any Restricted Subsidiary or of any Restricted Subsidiary in the Company or another Restricted Subsidiary; 
 83 

(v)	 Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the sale or lease of goods or services in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; 
 (vi)	 Guaranty Obligations permitted by Section 6.01; 
 (vii)	 Investments permitted by Section 6.04; 
 (viii)	 Investments consisting of capital expenditures or inventory for use by or in the business of the Company or a Restricted Subsidiary; 
 (ix)	 Permitted Acquisitions; 
 (x)	 Investments (including Investments made in connection with the acquisition of assets) in any Person of which the Company or any Restricted Subsidiary is not the Controlling Person; provided that as at the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter prior to and after giving effect to any such Investment, the Company is in pro forma compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.13; provided further that the initial amount (determined at the time made) of such Investments which are made after the Effective Date shall not exceed 150,000,000 in the aggregate; 
 (xi)	 Investments in the nature of seller financing or other consideration received in a Disposition permitted under Section 6.05; and 
 (xii)	 additional Investments not exceeding 150,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of the Company. 
 Section 6.04.	 Merger . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, merge or consolidate with or into any other Person or consummate an LLC Division, except: (i) any Restricted Subsidiary or any other Person may merge or consolidate with the Company; provided that (a) the Company is the surviving entity of such merger or consolidation and (b) such surviving entity has the majority of its property and assets within the continental limits of the United States of America; or (ii) the Company may merge or consolidate with any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that (a) such Restricted Subsidiary is the surviving entity of such merger or consolidation, (b) such surviving entity is organized and existing under the laws of a state of the United States, (c) such surviving entity has the majority of its property and assets within the continental limits of the United States of America and (d) such surviving entity assumes in writing all of the obligations and liabilities of the Company under the Loan Documents; or (iii) any Restricted Subsidiary may merge or consolidate with any other Person; provided that the surviving entity of such merger or consolidation is a Restricted Subsidiary after such merger or consolidation; or (iv) any merger may be consummated in furtherance of a Disposition not prohibited under Section 6.05; or (v) any Foreign Subsidiary may merge or consolidated into any Foreign Subsidiary; provided that with respect to any merger or consolidation described in subsections (i) through (v) above, immediately prior to and after giving effect to any such transaction, no condition or event exists which constitutes a Default or an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 Section 6.05.	 Dispositions . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 84 

Section 6.06.	 ERISA . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Subsidiary to, at any time engage in a transaction which could be subject to Section 4069 or 4212(c) of ERISA, or permit any Plan to (i) engage in any non-exempt prohibited transaction (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code); (ii) fail to comply with ERISA or any other related applicable laws; or (iii) fail to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, which, with respect to each event listed above, could be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 Section 6.07.	 Designation of Restricted and Unrestricted Subsidiaries . 
 (a)	 Schedule 6.07 sets forth a complete and accurate list of the Company s Unrestricted Subsidiaries as of the Effective Date. From and after the Effective Date, the Company may designate any Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary; provided that: (i) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such change in designation no Default or an Event of Default would exist and (ii) the designation of the Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary would not have a Material Adverse Effect; provided further that Company may not designate any Restricted Subsidiaries as Unrestricted Subsidiaries if the aggregate operating income of the Restricted Subsidiaries so designated at that time would account for more than 30 of the consolidated operating income of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries for the most recently completed four fiscal quarters. Thereafter for purposes of such calculation operating income (including operating income from prior fiscal quarters) of Unrestricted Subsidiaries will be excluded from the consolidated operating income of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 
 (b)	 From and after the Effective Date, the Company shall not designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary which otherwise meets the definition of a Restricted Subsidiary, as a Restricted Subsidiary, unless if, and only if, immediately after giving effect to such change in designation: (i) any and all outstanding Indebtedness of such Subsidiary could then have been incurred in compliance with Section 6.01 and (ii) immediately prior to and after giving effect to such change in designation no Default or an Event of Default would exist; provided that if the Company has designated a Subsidiary which was previously treated as a Restricted Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary during the term of this Agreement, the Company may not again designate such Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary without the consent of the Required Lenders. 
 (c)	 Any change in designation pursuant to this Section 6.07 will be made by the Company giving written notice to the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan on or prior to the date for such change in designation, specifying such date and the name of the Subsidiary whose designation is to be so changed, which notice will be accompanied by an officer s certificate certifying that the conditions required for such change in designation will not be violated. The Administrative Agent will promptly provide a copy of such change in designation to the Lenders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if due to an acquisition or other event, in either case to the extent permitted by this Agreement, which would cause a Person which was not previously a Consolidated Subsidiary to become a Consolidated Subsidiary, Company may immediately elect to have such Person not become a Consolidated Subsidiary, but instead to be designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Section 6.08.	 Change in Nature of Business . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, make any change in its business which would cause the type of business primarily conducted by the Company and its Restricted Subsidiaries, considered on a consolidated basis, to be materially different from the type of business primarily being conducted on the Effective Date. 
 85 

Section 6.09.	 Transactions with Affiliates . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any material transaction, including, without limitation, any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of property or the rendering of any service with any Affiliate of the Company (other than a Restricted Subsidiary), other than arm s-length transactions with Affiliates that are otherwise permitted hereunder. 
 Section 6.10.	 Burdensome Agreements . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, enter into any Contractual Obligation that materially limits the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to make Restricted Payments to the Company or to otherwise generally transfer property to the Company. 
 Section 6.11.	 Use of Proceeds . The Company will not, and will not cause or permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, use the proceeds of any Loans or Letters of Credit, whether directly or indirectly, and whether immediately, incidentally or ultimately, to purchase or carry margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U of the Board) or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock or to refund indebtedness originally incurred for such purpose. 
 Section 6.12.	 Governance Documents . The Company will not amend or change its Articles of Incorporation or code of regulations in any manner which is materially adverse to the Lenders. 
 Section 6.13.	 Financial Covenants . 
 (a)	 Interest Coverage Ratio . The Company will not permit the Interest Coverage Ratio for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Company, in each case taken as a single accounting period, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, to be less than 3.25:1. 
 (b)	 Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization . The Company will not permit the ratio of Consolidated Indebtedness to Capitalization, calculated as of the end of each fiscal quarter of the Company, to be greater than 60 . 
 Section 6.14.	 Subordinated Indebtedness and Amendments to Subordinated Indebtedness Documents . The Company will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly voluntarily prepay, defease or in substance defease, purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise acquire, any Subordinated Indebtedness or any Indebtedness from time to time outstanding under the Subordinated Indebtedness Documents. Furthermore, the Company will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, amend the Subordinated Indebtedness Documents or any document, agreement or instrument evidencing any Indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Subordinated Indebtedness Documents (or any replacements, substitutions, extensions or renewals thereof) or pursuant to which such Indebtedness is issued where such amendment, modification or supplement provides for the following or which has any of the following effects: 
 (a)	 shortens or accelerates the date upon which any installment of principal or interest becomes due or adds any additional mandatory redemption provisions or 
 (b)	 shortens the final maturity date of such Indebtedness or otherwise accelerates the amortization schedule with respect to such Indebtedness. 
 86 

ARTICLE VII Events of Default 
 If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur: 
 (a)	 Payment . Any Borrower shall fail to pay: (i) as and when due (whether by scheduled maturity, mandatory prepayment, acceleration or otherwise) any amount of principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement or (ii) within five (5) days of when due (whether by scheduled maturity, mandatory prepayment, acceleration or otherwise) any interest on any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement, any commitment facility, utilization or other fee due hereunder, or any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b)	 Representation and Warranties . Any representation, warranty or statement made or deemed to be made by any Borrower herein, in any of the other Loan Documents or in any statement or certificate delivered or required to be delivered pursuant hereto or thereto shall prove untrue in any material respect (or, for any representation or warranty which is qualified by Material Adverse Effect or any other materiality qualifier, untrue in any respect) on the date as of which it was made or deemed to have been made . 
 (c)	 Covenants . Any Borrower shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Section 5.01(f), 5.09, 5.10 (with respect to any Borrower s existence), in Article VI or in Article X; 
 (d)	 All Other Terms and Agreements . Any Borrower shall default in the due performance or observance by it of any term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement (other than those covered in the foregoing clauses (a), (b) and (c)) and such default shall continue unremedied for a period of at least 30 days after the earlier of an executive officer of any Borrower becoming aware of such default or notice thereof given by the Administrative Agent. 
 (e)	 Bankruptcy, etc. with respect to the Company and Active Restricted Subsidiaries . A Bankruptcy Event shall occur with respect to the Company or any of its Active Restricted Subsidiaries. 
 (f)	 Bankruptcy, etc. with respect to Unrestricted Subsidiaries . A Bankruptcy Event shall occur with respect to any of the Company s Unrestricted Subsidiaries and such event would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (g)	 Cross-Default . A default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any evidence of Indebtedness in excess of 50,000,000 by it for borrowed money (other than to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement), if the effect of such default is to accelerate the maturity of such Indebtedness or to permit the holder thereof to cause such Indebtedness to become due prior to the stated maturity thereof, or if any Indebtedness of it in excess of 50,000,000 for borrowed money (other than to the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement) is not paid when due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or a date fixed for prepayment or otherwise (after the expiration of any applicable grace period). 
 (h)	 Judgments . Unless adequately insured or bonded, the entry of a final judgment for the payment of money involving more than 50,000,000 against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and the failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries: (i) to discharge the same, 
 87 

or cause it to be discharged, within 30 days from the date of the order, decree or process under which or pursuant to which such judgment was entered or (ii) to secure a stay of execution pending appeal of such judgment; or the entry of one or more final non-monetary judgments or orders against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, singly or in the aggregate, does or could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (i)	 Ownership . There shall occur a Change of Control of any Borrower. 
 (j)	 ERISA .	 An ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 
 (k)	 Loan Documents . Any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or the Company or any other Borrower shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction based on any such assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms); 
 then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Company described in clause (e) or (f) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Company, take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, and thereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations of the Borrowers accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers and (iii) require that the Borrowers provide cash collateral as required in Section 2.06(j); and in case of any event with respect to any Borrower described in clause (e) or (f) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding and cash collateral for the LC Exposure, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other Obligations accrued hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become due and payable and the obligation of the Borrowers to cash collateralize the LC Exposure as provided in clause (iii) above shall automatically become effective, in each case, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrowers. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and the Administrative Agent at the request of the Required Lenders shall, exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan under the Loan Documents or at law or equity. 
 From and after the date on which the Administrative Agent has taken any action pursuant to the foregoing paragraph and until all Obligations of the Borrowers have been paid in full, any and all proceeds received by the Administrative Agent from the exercise of any other remedy by the Administrative Agent shall be applied as follows: 
 (A)	 first, to reimburse the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders for all out-of-pocket expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the collection of any Obligations of any of the Borrowers under any of the Loan Documents; 
 88 

(B)	 second, to the repayment of all Obligations then due and unpaid of the Loan Parties to the Lenders or their Affiliates incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, whether of principal, interest, fees, expenses or otherwise and to cash collateralize the LC Exposure, in such manner as the Administrative Agent may determine in its discretion; and 
 (C)	 the balance, if any, as required by law. 
 ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan 
 Each of the Lenders and each of the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Each of the Lenders and each of the Issuing Banks hereby irrevocably appoints JPMorgan as its agent and authorizes JPMorgan to take such actions on its behalf, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to JPMorgan by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article VIII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and the Issuing Banks, and no Borrower shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 Each of the banks serving as the Administrative Agent and Syndication Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in their respective capacities as Lenders as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent or a Syndication Agent, respectively, and each such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with Company or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent or a Syndication Agent hereunder without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor JPMorgan shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) neither the Administrative Agent nor JPMorgan shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) neither the Administrative Agent nor JPMorgan shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers of the Administrative Agent expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise in writing as directed by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), provided that neither JPMorgan nor the Administrative Agent shall be required to take any action that, in their respective opinions or the opinions of their counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent or JPMorgan, as applicable, to liability or that is contrary to the Loan Documents or applicable law, and (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, neither the Administrative Agent nor JPMorgan shall have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or JPMorgan, as applicable, or any of their respective Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any 
 89 

action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02). Neither the Administrative Agent nor JPMorgan shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent or JPMorgan by the Company or a Lender, or an Issuing Bank, and neither the Administrative Agent nor JPMorgan shall be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) except to the extent of each of their respective obligations, the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document or the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent or JPMorgan, as applicable. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. Each of the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan, or the issuance of a Letter of Credit, that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender or an Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender or such Issuing Bank unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender or such Issuing Bank prior to the making of such Loan or the issuance of such Letter of Credit. Each of the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan may perform any and all its respective duties and exercise its respective rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent or JPMorgan, as applicable. Each of the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan and any such respective sub-agent may perform any and all its respective duties and exercise its respective rights and powers through its respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent and JPMorgan, respectively. 
 The Administrative Agent may at any time resign by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with and subject to the approval of the Company (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing), to appoint a successor from among the Lenders (such approval of the Required Lenders and the Company not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, with a combined capital and surplus of at least 1,000,000,000; provided 
 90 

that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Company and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (i) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the Loan Documents and (ii) all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender and each Issuing Bank directly, until such time as the Required Lenders appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for in this Article VIII. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section). The fees payable by any Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between such Borrower and such successor. After the Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article and Section 9.03 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent. 
 If PNC resigns as Administrative Agent under this Section 9.03, PNC shall also resign as an Issuing Bank. Upon the appointment of a successor Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall (i) succeed to all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of PNC as the retiring Issuing Bank and Administrative Agent and PNC shall be discharged from all of its respective duties and obligations as Issuing Bank and Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents, and (ii) issue letters of credit in substitution for the Letters of Credit issued by PNC, if any, outstanding at the time of such succession or make other arrangement satisfactory to PNC to effectively assume the obligations of PNC with respect to such Letters of Credit. 
 Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 None of the Lenders, if any, identified in this Agreement as a Documentation Agent or Syndication Agent shall have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their respective capacities as Documentation Agents and Syndication Agents as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan in the preceding paragraph. 
 The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 91 

ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous 
 Section 9.01.	 Notices . (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and subject to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopy, as follows: 
 (i)	 if to any Borrower, to it c/o Worthington Industries, Inc., 200 Old Wilson Bridge Road, Columbus, Ohio 43085, Attention of Marcus Rogier, Treasurer, via email at Marcus.Rogier@WorthingtonIndustries.com, with a copy to Worthington Industries, Inc., 200 Old Wilson Bridge Road, Columbus, Ohio 43085, Attention of General Counsel (Telecopy No. (614) 840-3706)); 
 (ii)	 if to the Administrative Agent, to it at PNC Bank, National Association, PNC Firstside Center, 500 First Avenue, 4 th Floor, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219, Attention of Agency Services (Telecopy No. (412) 762-8672); 
 (iii)	 if to PNC Bank, National Association, as Issuing Bank, to it at PNC Bank, National Association, PNC Firstside Center, 500 First Avenue, 4 th Floor, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219, Attention of Agency Services (Telecopy No. (412) 762-8672); 
 (iv)	 if to the Swingline Lender, to it at PNC Bank, National Association, PNC Firstside Center, 500 First Avenue, 4 th Floor, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15219, Attention of Agency Services (Telecopy No. (412) 762-8672) and 
 (v)	 if to any other Lender, to it at its address (or telecopy number) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices sent by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient). Notices delivered through Electronic Systems, to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below, shall be effective as provided in said paragraph (b). 
 (b)	 Notices and other communications to the Lenders and the Issuing Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by using Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, the Issuing Banks and the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes or as otherwise expressly set forth in this Agreement, (i) notices and other communications sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that 
 92 

such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 (c)	 Any party hereto may change its address or telecopy number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 (d)	 Electronic Systems . 
 (i)	 Each Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. 
 (ii)	 Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event (except for the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties) shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrowers, any Lender, any Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrowers or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Borrower pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. 
 Section 9.02.	 Waivers; Amendments . (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders hereunder and under the other Loan Documents are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement or consent to any departure by any Borrower therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Lender or any Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. 
 (b)	 Except as provided in Section 2.20 with respect to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment and subject to Section 2.14(d) and clauses (c) and (e) below, neither this Agreement 
 93 

nor any provision hereof may be waived, amended or modified except pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrowers and the Required Lenders or by the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (i) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, or reduce any fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.18(c) or (e) in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Lender, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (it being understood that, solely with the consent of the parties prescribed by Section 2.20 to be parties to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment, Incremental Term Loans may be included in the determination of Required Lenders on substantially the same basis as the Commitments and the Revolving Loans are included on the Effective Date), (vi) release the Company from its obligations under Article X without the written consent of each Lender or (vii) change the definition of Foreign Subsidiary Borrower , Section 2.23 or Section 4.03, without the written consent of each Lender; provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Issuing Banks or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be. 
 (c)	 Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement and any other Loan Document may be amended (or amended and restated) with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan and the Borrowers to each relevant Loan Document (x) to add one or more credit facilities (in addition to the Incremental Term Loans pursuant to an Incremental Term Loan Amendment) to this Agreement and to permit extensions of credit from time to time outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the Revolving Loans, Incremental Term Loans and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof and (y) to include appropriately the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any determination of the Required Lenders and Lenders. 
 (d)	 If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Company may, at its sole expense, elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity (other than an Ineligible Institution) which is reasonably satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, (ii) each Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by such Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such 
 94 

Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender and (iii) the Borrowers shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the processing and recordation fee set forth in Section 9.03. 
 (e)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrowers only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. 
 Section 9.03.	 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . (a) The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges, disbursements and other charges of one U.S. counsel and one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction for all of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents and the Joint Lead Arrangers in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through a service such as Intralinks) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Banks in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights in connection with this Agreement and any other Loan Document, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit. 
 (b)	 The Company shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Syndication Agent, each Joint Lead Arranger, each Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all Liabilities and related expenses, including the fees, charges and disbursements of any outside counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of any Loan Document or any agreement or instrument delivered in connection therewith, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective Proceeding relating to any of the foregoing (including in relation to enforcing the terms of the limitation of liability and indemnification provided for herein), whether or not such Proceeding is brought by any Borrower or its or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and non-appealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of 
 95 

such Indemnitee, (y) result from a claim brought by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries against such Indemnitee for a material breach of such Indemnitee s or any of its Related Parties obligations under any Loan Document if the Company or such Subsidiary has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from any dispute solely among Indemnitees (not arising as a result of any act or omission by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates) other than claims against any of the Indemnitees in its capacity or in fulfilling its role as Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent, Documentation Agent or Joint Lead Arranger, or any similar role under or in connection with this Agreement). This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 (c)	 To the extent that the Company fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Company s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Company of any default in the payment thereof); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, such Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender in its capacity as such. 
 (d)	 To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Borrower shall assert, and each Borrower hereby waives, (i) any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Syndication Agent, any Documentation Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, and any Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called a Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of information or other materials (including, without limitation, any personal data) obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet); provided that such waiver shall not apply to any claims against a Lender-Related Person attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Lender-Related Person, as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, and (ii) any Liabilities against any other party hereto, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. 
 (e)	 All amounts due under this Section shall be payable not later than ten (10) days after written demand therefor. 
 Section 9.04.	 Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) no Borrower may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder (including, in each case, by way of an LLC Division) without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by any Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of any Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each 
 96 

of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (b)	 (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of: 
 (A)	 the Company (provided that the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days after having received notice thereof); provided , further , that no consent of the Company shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; 
 (B)	 the Administrative Agent; and 
 (C)	 the Issuing Banks. 
 (ii)	 Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: 
 (A)	 except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Company and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Company shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (B)	 each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, provided that this clause shall not be construed to prohibit the assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations in respect of one Class of Commitments or Loans; 
 (C)	 the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500, such fee to be paid by either the assigning Lender or the assignee Lender or shared between such Lenders; and 
 (D)	 the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Company and its affiliates and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including Federal and state securities laws. 
 97 

For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meaning: 
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 Ineligible Institution means (a) a natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Parent, (c) the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any of its Affiliates, or (d) a company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person or relative(s) thereof. 
 (iii)	 Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. 
 (iv)	 The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of each Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive, and the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company, any Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 (v)	 Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05(c), 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(e) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 98 

(c)	 Any Lender may, without the consent of any Borrower, the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Issuing Bank or the Swingline Lender, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant ), other than an Ineligible Institution, in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (A) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (B) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (C) the Borrowers, the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, the Issuing Banks and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. Each Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(f) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender, and such participating Lender shall be required to forward such documentation to the Administrative Agent and the Borrowers)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17, with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrowers, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) and JPMorgan (in its capacity as Syndication Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (d)	 Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 99 

Section 9.05.	 Survival . All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Borrowers in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document is outstanding and unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. 
 Section 9.06.	 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to fees payable to the Administrative Agent and JPMorgan constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile, email pdf. or other electronic imaging shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 Section 9.07.	 Severability . Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 Section 9.08.	 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender, each Issuing Bank and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final and in whatever currency denominated) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender, Issuing Bank or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Borrower against any of and all of the Obligations held by such Lender or Issuing Bank irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such 
 100 

obligations may be unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender or Issuing Bank different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such Indebtedness. The rights of each Lender and Issuing Bank under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender or Issuing Bank, respectively, may have. Each Lender and Issuing Bank agrees to notify the Borrowers and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application; provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 Section 9.09.	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process . (a) This Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the law of the State of New York. 
 (b)	 Each party to this Agreement hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the Borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Document, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such New York State or, to the extent permitted by law, in such Federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any remedial action against any Borrower in any jurisdiction in which any Borrower s properties may be located. 
 (c)	 Each Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. 
 (d)	 Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably designates and appoints the Company, as its authorized agent, to accept and acknowledge on its behalf, service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City. The Company hereby represents, warrants and confirms that the Company has agreed to accept such appointment (and any similar appointment by a Borrower which is a Foreign Subsidiary). Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable by each such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower until all Loans, all reimbursement obligations, interest thereon and all other amounts payable by such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereunder and under the other Loan Documents shall have been paid in full in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof and such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have been terminated as a Borrower hereunder pursuant to Section 2.23. Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in Section 9.09(b) in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City by service of process upon the Company as provided in this Section 9.09(d); provided that, to the extent lawful and possible, notice of said service upon such agent shall be mailed by registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Company and (if applicable to) such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower at its address set forth in the Borrowing Subsidiary 
 101 

Agreement to which it is a party or to any other address of which such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower shall have given written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy thereof to the Company). Each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claim of error by reason of any such service in such manner and agrees that such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be taken and held to be valid and personal service upon and personal delivery to such Foreign Subsidiary Borrower. To the extent any Foreign Subsidiary Borrower has or hereafter may acquire any immunity from jurisdiction of any court or from any legal process (whether from service or notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of a judgment, execution or otherwise), each Foreign Subsidiary Borrower hereby irrevocably waives such immunity in respect of its obligations under the Loan Documents. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
 Section 9.10.	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 Section 9.11.	 Headings . Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 Section 9.12.	 Confidentiality . Each of the Administrative Agent, the Syndication Agents, the Joint Lead Arrangers, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any credit derivative transaction relating to any Borrower and its obligations, (g) on a confidential basis to (1) any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or the credit facilities provided for herein or (2) the CUSIP Service Bureau or any similar agency in connection with the issuance and monitoring of CUSIP numbers with respect to the credit facilities provided for herein, (h) with the consent of the Company or (i) to the extent such Information (1) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (2) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Syndication Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Issuing Bank 
 102 

or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Company. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Company relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries or their business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, any Syndication Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Issuing Bank or any Lender on a nonconfidential basis prior to disclosure by the Company and other than information pertaining to this Agreement routinely provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Company after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 Section 9.13.	 USA PATRIOT Act . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies each Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Borrower, which information includes the name and address of such Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 Section 9.14.	 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. 
 Section 9.15.	 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between such Borrower and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Lenders and their Affiliates, on the other hand, (B) such Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) such Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) each of the Lenders and their Affiliates is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for such Borrower or any of its Affiliates, or any other Person and (B) no Lender or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to such Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except, in the case of a Lender, those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) each of the Lenders and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of such Borrower and its Affiliates, and no Lender or any of its Affiliates has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to such Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, each Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against each of the Lenders and their Affiliates with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 103 

Section 9.16.	 Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law . The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. 
 Section 9.17.	 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a)	 the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 (b)	 the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 
 (i)	 a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 
 (ii)	 a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii)	 the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 9.18.	 ERISA Matters . 
 (a)	 Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of any Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i)	 such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii)	 the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect 
 104 

to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii)	 (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv)	 such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (b)	 In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of any Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent or any Joint Lead Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 Section 9.19.	 Erroneous Payments . 
 (a)	 If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Bank (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank, or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender or Issuing Bank shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and 
 105 

including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Overnight Bank Funding Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (b)	 Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender or Issuing Bank, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Issuing Bank, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, or Issuing Bank, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: 
 (i)	 (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 
 (ii)	 such Lender or Issuing Bank shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 9.19(b). 
 (c)	 Each Lender or Issuing Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or Issuing Bank under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender or Issuing Bank from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. 
 (d)	 In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Bank at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Company or applicable Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender 
 106 

or Issuing Bank shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the applicable Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Issuing Bank (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Bank and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). 
 (e)	 The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by any Borrower, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from any Borrower for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 
 (f)	 To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (g)	 Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.19 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 Section 9.20.	 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Derivatives Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit 
 107 

Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 (a)	 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 (b)	 As used in this Section 9.20, the following terms have the following meanings: 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b), (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 ARTICLE X Cross-Guarantee 
 In order to induce the Lenders to extend credit to the other Borrowers hereunder, but subject to the last sentence of this Article X, the Company hereby irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees, as a primary obligor and not merely as a surety, the payment when and as due of the Obligations of all other Borrowers. The Company further agrees that the due and punctual payment of such Obligations may be extended or renewed, in whole or in part, without notice to or further assent from it, and that it will remain bound upon its guarantee hereunder notwithstanding any such extension or renewal of any such Obligation. 
 The Company waives presentment to, demand of payment from and protest to any other Borrower of any of the Obligations, and also waives notice of acceptance of its obligations and notice of 
 108 

protest for nonpayment. The obligations of the Company hereunder shall not be affected by (a) the failure of the Administrative Agent, JPMorgan, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any right or remedy against any Borrower under the provisions of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or otherwise; (b) any extension or renewal of any of the Obligations; (c) any rescission, waiver, amendment or modification of, or release from, any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement, or any other Loan Document or agreement; (d) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the performance of any of the Obligations; (e) any change in the corporate, partnership or other existence, structure or ownership of any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Obligations; (f) the enforceability or validity of the Obligations or any part thereof or the genuineness, enforceability or validity of any agreement relating thereto or with respect to any collateral securing the Obligations or any part thereof, or any other invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Borrower or any other guarantor of any of the Obligations, for any reason related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any provision of applicable law, decree, order or regulation of any jurisdiction purporting to prohibit the payment by such Borrower or any other guarantor of the Obligations, of any of the Obligations or otherwise affecting any term of any of the Obligations; or (g) any other act, omission or delay to do any other act which may or might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Borrower or otherwise operate as a discharge of a guarantor as a matter of law or equity or which would impair or eliminate any right of such Borrower to subrogation. 
 The Company further agrees that its agreement hereunder constitutes a guarantee of payment when due (whether or not any bankruptcy or similar proceeding shall have stayed the accrual or collection of any of the Obligations or operated as a discharge thereof) and not merely of collection, and waives any right to require that any resort be had by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender to any balance of any deposit account or credit on the books of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in favor of any Borrower or any other Person. 
 The obligations of the Company hereunder shall not be subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason, and shall not be subject to any defense or set-off, counterclaim, recoupment or termination whatsoever, by reason of the invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any of the Obligations, any impossibility in the performance of any of the Obligations or otherwise. 
 The Company further agrees that its obligations hereunder shall continue to be effective or be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment, or any part thereof, of any Obligation is rescinded or must otherwise be restored by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender upon the bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower or otherwise. 
 In furtherance of the foregoing and not in limitation of any other right which the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender may have at law or in equity against the Company by virtue hereof, upon the failure of any other Borrower to pay any Obligation when and as the same shall become due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, after notice of prepayment or otherwise, the Company hereby promises to and will, upon receipt of written demand by the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, forthwith pay, or cause to be paid, to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in cash an amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of such Obligations then due, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. The Company further agrees that if payment in respect of any Obligation shall be due in a currency other than Dollars and/or at a place of payment other than PNC s Principal Office or any other Payment Office and if, by reason of any Change in Law, disruption of currency or foreign exchange markets, war or civil disturbance or other event, payment of such Obligation in such currency or at such place of payment shall be impossible or, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender, disadvantageous to the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank or any Lender in any material respect, then, at the election of the Administrative Agent, the Company shall make payment of such Obligation in Dollars (based upon the applicable Dollar Amount in 
 109 

effect on the date of payment) and/or in PNC s Principal Office or such other Payment Office as is designated by the Administrative Agent and, as a separate and independent obligation, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, any Issuing Bank and any Lender against any losses or reasonable out-of-pocket expenses that it shall sustain as a result of such alternative payment. 
 Upon payment by the Company of any sums as provided above, all rights of the Company against any other Borrower arising as a result thereof by way of right of subrogation or otherwise shall in all respects be subordinated and junior in right of payment to the prior indefeasible payment in full in cash of all the Obligations owed by such Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Banks and the Lenders. 
 Nothing shall discharge or satisfy the liability of any Borrower hereunder except the full performance and payment in cash of the Obligations. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 Existing Credit Agreement 
 Section 11.01.	 Amendment and Restatement of Existing Credit Agreement . The Borrowers, the Lenders and the Administrative Agent agree that, upon (i) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of the parties hereto and (ii) satisfaction (or waiver by the aforementioned parties) of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.01, the terms and provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement shall be and hereby are amended, superseded and restated in their entirety by the terms and provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not constitute a novation of the Existing Credit Agreement or the Indebtedness created thereunder. The commitment of each Lender that is a party to the Existing Credit Agreement shall, on the Effective Date, automatically be deemed amended and the only commitments to extend credit shall be those hereunder. Without limiting the foregoing, upon the effectiveness hereof: (a) all loans and letters of credit incurred under the Existing Credit Agreement which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Loans and Letters of Credit under (and shall be governed by the terms of) this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) all references in the Loan Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) to the Administrative Agent , the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall be deemed to refer to the Administrative Agent, this Agreement and the Loan Documents, (c) all obligations constituting Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement with any Lender or any Affiliate of any Lender which are outstanding on the Effective Date shall continue as Obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (d) the Administrative Agent shall make such reallocations, sales, assignments or other relevant actions in respect of each Lender s credit and loan exposure under the Existing Credit Agreement as are necessary in order that each such Lender s Revolving Credit Exposure hereunder reflects such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the Aggregate Commitment on the Effective Date and the Company hereby agrees to compensate each Lender (including each Departing Lender) for any and all losses, costs and expenses incurred by such Lender in connection with the sale and assignment of any Eurocurrency Loans on the terms and in the manner set forth in Section 2.16 hereof and (e) upon the effectiveness hereof, each Departing Lender s Commitment under the Existing Credit Agreement shall be terminated, each Departing Lender shall have received payment in full of all of the outstanding Obligations owing to it under the Existing Credit Agreement (other than obligations to pay fees and expenses with respect to which the Company has not received an invoice, contingent indemnity obligations and other contingent obligations owing to it under the Loan Documents as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement which shall survive in respect of such Departing Lender to the same extent such obligations would survive termination of the Existing Credit Agreement) and each Departing Lender shall not be a Lender hereunder (but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03, in 
 110 

each case, of the Existing Credit Agreement with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the Effective Date). 
 Section 11.02.	 Removal of Foreign Subsidiary Borrower . 
 The Company represents and warrants that no Loans made to Worthington Industries International S.a.r.l., a private limited liability company formed in Luxembourg, as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement (the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary were outstanding immediately prior to the occurrence of the Effective Date and that all amounts payable by the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement in respect of interest and/or fees (and, to the extent notified by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any other amounts payable under the Existing Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement have been paid in full on or prior to the date hereof. Effective immediately prior to the Effective Date, and subject to payment of all amounts required under Section 4.01, the Company hereby terminates the status of the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary as a Foreign Subsidiary Borrower under the Existing Credit Agreement and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Terminated Borrowing Subsidiary shall not constitute a Borrower hereunder. 
 [Signature Pages Intentionally Omitted] 
 
 111 

</EX-4.19>

<EX-10.19>
 6
 wor-ex10_19.htm
 EX-10.19

EX-10.19 

Exhibit 10.19 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 1997 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT FOR AWARDS GRANTED AFTER OCTOBER 10, 2019 
 
 Effective as of the date specified in the attached Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock (the Grant Date ), Worthington Industries, Inc. hereby grants to the individual identified in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock (the Participant an award consisting of the number of restricted common shares of the Company Restricted Stock set forth in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock. The Restricted Stock is subject to the terms and conditions described in the Worthington Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated 1997 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended, the Plan and this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this Agreement ). The Company shall mean Worthington Industries, Inc. individually, or together with its sub sidiaries, as the context requires. 
 Section 1.	 Vesting 
 Except as provided in Section 2 of this Agreement, the Restricted Stock will vest on the third anniversary of the Grant Date, provided that the Participant has continuously remained an employee of the Company through such date. This three-year period is referred to herein as the Vesting Period ). 
 Section 2.	 Termination of Employment or Change in Control 
 (a)	 Death or Disability . Any unvested shares of Restricted Stock shall become fully vested if the Participant dies or becomes permanently disabled, as determined by the Committee. 
 (b)	 Retirement. If the Participant terminates employment due to retirement, a prorata portion of the unvested shares of Restricted Stock (based on the number of full months in the Vesting Period that have passed before the retirement date) shall vest as of the Retirement Date. Any remaining unvested shares of Restricted Stock generally are forfeited as of the Retirement Date, but the Committee, in its sole discretion, may cause all or a portion of such shares of the Restricted Stock to vest as of the date of the Participant s retirement, as determined by the Committee. 
 (c)	 Change in Control . If there is a Change in Control and within two years thereafter, the Participant s employment is terminated by the Company without cause or by the Participant due to an adverse change in the terms of the Participant s employment (as those terms are defined in rules adopted by the Committee), any unvested shares of Restricted Stock shall become fully vested on the date the Participant s employment is terminated. The provisions of this Section 2(c) shall apply in lieu of the provisions of Section 10 of the Plan. 
 Section 3.	 Transferability 
 Until the shares of Restricted Stock become vested as described in Section 1 or Section 2, the shares of Restricted Stock may not be sold, gifted, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated. 

Section 4.	 Rights Before Vesting . 
 Before the shares of Restricted Stock vest, (a) the shares of Restricted Stock will be held in escrow by the Company; (b) the Participant may exercise full voting rights associated with the shares of Restricted Stock; and (c) the Participant shall be entitled to all dividends and other distributions paid with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock, but such dividends and other distributions will be held in escrow by the Company and shall be subject to the same restrictions, terms and conditions as the shares of Restricted Stock to which they relate. 
 Section 5.	 Settlement 
 If the applicable terms and conditions of this Agreement are satisfied, the appropriate number of shares of Restricted Stock will be released from any transfer restrictions or delivered to the Participant with reasonable promptness after all applicable restrictions have lapsed. Any fractional shares of Restricted Stock shall be settled in cash based upon the Fair Market Value of a common share of the Company on the settlement date. 
 The issuance of common shares of the Company shall be subject to the satisfaction of the Company s counsel that such issuance shall be in compliance with applicable Federal and state securities laws. Any common shares of the Company delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stock-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the common shares of the Company are then listed and any applicable Federal or state securities law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put on any certificates which may be issued to evidence such common shares to make appropriate reference to such restrictions. 
 Section 6.	 Withholding 
 The Company is authorized to withhold in respect of the shares of Restricted Stock, the amount of withholding taxes due in respect of the vesting of such shares of Restricted Stock and to take such other action as may be necessary in the opinion of the Company to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such taxes. The Committee may establish procedures for election by the Participant to satisfy such withholding taxes by delivery of, or directing the Company to retain, common shares that would otherwise be deliverable upon vesting of the shares of Restricted Stock. The authority provided in this Section 6 includes authority to determine the amounts to be withheld (including common shares) in satisfaction of the Participant s withholding obligations, or in satisfaction of other tax obligations, either on a mandatory or elective basis, as permitted in the discretion of the Committee. 
 Section 7.	 Forfeiture 
 In the event that the Participant terminates employment with the Company for any reason whatsoever, and within 18 months after the date thereof becomes associated with, employed by, renders services to, or owns any interest in (other than any nonsubstantial interest, as determined by the Committee), any business that is in competition with the Company or with any business in which the Company has a substantial interest as determined by the Committee, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may require the Participant to return to the Company the economic value of the 
 2 

shares of Restricted Stock which is realized or obtained (measured as of the date on which the shares of Restricted Stock vested) by the Participant at any time during the period beginning on that date which is six months prior to the date of the Participant s termination of employment with the Company plus any dividends or other distributions paid with respect to the shares of Restricted Stock. 
 Section 8.	 Other Terms and Conditions . 
 (a)	 Beneficiaries . The Participant may designate a beneficiary to receive any shares of Restricted Stock that are unsettled or vest in the event of the Participant s death. If no beneficiary is designated, the Participant s beneficiary shall be the Participant s surviving spouse and, if there is no surviving spouse, the Participant s estate. 
 (b)	 No Guarantee of Employment . The granting of shares of Restricted Stock shall not confer upon the Participant any right to continued employment with the Company, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the employment of the Participant at any time, with or without cause. 
 (c)	 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws (other than laws governing conflicts of laws) of the State of Ohio. 
 (d)	 Rights and Remedies Cumulative . All rights and remedies of the Company and of the Participant enumerated in this Agreement shall be cumulative and, except as expressly provided otherwise in this Agreement, none shall exclude any other rights or remedies allowed at law or in equity, and each of said rights or remedies may be exercised and enforced concurrently. 
 (e)	 Captions . The captions contained in this Agreement are included only for convenience of reference and do not define, limit, explain or modify this Agreement or its interpretation, construction or meaning and are in no way to be construed as a part of this Agreement. 
 (f)	 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any provision hereof to any person or any circumstance shall be determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then such determination shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement or the application of said provision to any other person or circumstance, all of which other provisions shall remain in full force and in effect. 
 (g)	 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the Company and the Participant in respect of the subject matter of this Agreement, and this Agreement (together with the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock and the Plan) supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements between the parties hereto in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement. No officer, director, employee or other servant or agent of the Company, and no servant or agent of the Participant, is authorized to make any representation, warranty or other promise not contained in this Agreement. No change, termination or attempted waiver of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon either party hereto unless contained in a writing signed by the party to be charged. 
 3 

(h)	 Restricted Stock Subject to the Plan . The shares of Restricted Stock are granted subject to the terms and conditions described in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated by reference into and made a part of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Plan and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of the Plan will govern except as specifically provided in this Agreement. The Committee has the sole responsibility for interpreting the Plan and this Agreement, and the Committee s determination of the meaning of any provision in the Plan or this Agreement will be binding on the Participant. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Agreement have the same meaning as in the Plan. 
 (i)	 Section 83(b) Election . The Participant may file an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed currently on the Fair Market Value of the shares of Restricted Stock (less any purchase price paid for the shares of Restricted Stock). The election must be made on a form provided by the Company and must be filed with the Internal Revenue Service no later than 30 days after the Grant Date. The Participant must seek the advice of the Participant s own tax advisors as to the advisability of making such an election, the potential consequences of making such an election, the requirements for making such an election, and the other tax consequences associated with the shares of Restricted Stock under federal, state, and any other laws, rules and regulations that may be applicable. The Company and its agents have not and are not providing any tax advice to the Participant. 
 Section 9.	 Application of Section 280G of the Code . 
 If the Company determines that any payment or benefit, including any accelerated vesting, due to the Participant under this Agreement in connection with a Change in Control, when combined with any other payment or benefit due to the Participant from the Company or any other entity in connection with such Change in Control, would be considered a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, the payments and benefits due to the Participant under this Agreement may be reduced by the Company to 1.00 less than the amount that would otherwise be considered a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, in accordance with rules and procedures which may be established by the Committee. 
 
 4 

</EX-10.19>

<EX-10.29>
 7
 wor-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10.29 

Exhibit 10.29 
 
 ANNUAL BASE SALARIES APPROVED FOR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 OF 
 WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC . 
 
 In June 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the Registrant approved base salary increases for the following executive officers of the Registrant who will be named executive officers of the Registrant for purposes of the disclosure to be included in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 27, 2023, which will become effective in September 2023. 

Name and Principal Position 

Base Salary 

B. Andrew Rose President and Chief Executive Officer 

825,000 

Joseph B. Hayek 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

532,500 

Geoffrey G. Gilmore Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

679,800 

John P. McConnell Executive Chairman 

441,334 

Steven M. Caravati President, Consumer Products 

360,000 

</EX-10.29>

<EX-10.40>
 8
 wor-ex10_40.htm
 EX-10.40

EX-10.40 

Exhibit 10.40 
 
 SUMMARY OF ANNUAL CASH INCENTIVE BONUS AWARDS, 
 LONG-TERM PERFORMANCE AWARDS, STOCK OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED COMMON 
 SHARES GRANTED IN FISCAL 2024 FOR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 OF WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards Granted In Fiscal 2024 
 
 The following table sets forth the annual cash incentive bonus awards granted to the following current executive officers of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the Registrant who either are named executive officers of the Registrant for purposes of the disclosure included in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on September 28, 2022 and/or will be named executive officers of the Registrant for purposes of the disclosure to be included in the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on September 27, 2023 NEOs ), which grants were made under the Worthington Industries, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan for Executives for the twelve-month performance period ending May 31, 2024: 
 
 Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards Granted for Fiscal 2024 

Name 
 Annual Cash Incentive Bonus Awards for Fiscal Year Performance Period Ending May 31, 2024 (1) 

Threshold ) 
 Target ) 
 Maximum ) 

B. Andrew Rose 
 577,000 
 1,155,000 
 2,310,000 

Joseph B. Hayek 
 332,813 
 665,625 
 1,331,250 

Geoffrey G. Gilmore 
 418,077 
 836,154 
 1,672,308 

John P. McConnell 
 220,667 
 441,334 
 882,669 

Steven M. Caravati 
 180,000 
 360,000 
 720,000 

(1) Payouts which can be earned under these annual cash incentive bonus awards are generally tied to achieving specified levels (threshold, target and maximum) of pre-specified performance measures for the performance period. For the NEOs, all of whom except Mr. Caravati are Corporate executives, the performance measures are Corporate EVA and Corporate EPS, with each carrying a 50 weighting. For Mr. Caravati, a business segment (Consumer Products) executive, the performance measures and their weightings are: Corporate EPS, 20 ; business segment EBIT, 50 ; and business segment EVA, 30 . For all calculations, restructuring charges and non-recurring items are to be excluded and Corporate EPS results will be adjusted to eliminate the impact of inventory holding gains and losses. If the performance level falls between threshold and target or between target and maximum, the award will be linearly pro-rated. If threshold levels are not reached for any performance measure, no annual cash incentive bonus will be paid for that measure. Annual cash incentive bonus award payouts earned will be made within a reasonable time following the end of Fiscal 2023. In the event of a change in control of the Company (followed by actual or constructive termination of an NEO s employment during the performance period), the annual cash incentive bonus award would be considered to be earned at target and payable as of the date of termination of employment. 

Long-Term Performance Awards, Option Awards and Restricted Common Share Awards Granted in Fiscal 2024 
 
 The following table sets forth the long-term performance awards (consisting of long-term cash performance awards and long-term performance share awards) for the three-fiscal-year period ending May 31, 2026 and the option awards and restricted common share awards granted to the NEOs in the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024 Fiscal 2024 ). 
 
 Long-Term Performance Awards, Option Awards and 
 Restricted Common Share Awards Granted in Fiscal 2024 

Name 
 Long-Term Cash Performance Awards for Three-Fiscal-Year Period Ending May 31, 2026 (1) 
 Long-Term Performance Share Awards for Three-Fiscal-Year Period Ending May 31, 2026 (1) 
 Option Awards: Number of Common Shares Underlying Options (2) 
 Exercise or Base Price of Option Awards /Share) (2) 
 Restricted Common Share Awards (3) 

Threshold ) 
 Target ) 
 Maximum ) 
 Threshold (# of Common Shares) 
 Target (# of Common Shares) 
 Maximum (# of Common Shares) 

B. Andrew Rose 
 860,000 
 1,720,000 
 3,440,000 
 6,250 
 12,500 
 25,000 
 16,600 
 69.47 
 18,700 

Joseph B. Hayek 
 300,00 
 600,000 
 1,200,000 
 2,150 
 4,300 
 8,600 
 5,800 
 69.47 
 6,600 

Geoffrey G. Gilmore 
 280,000 
 560,000 
 1,120,000 
 2,100 
 4,200 
 8,400 
 5,500 
 69.47 
 6,300 

John P. McConnell 
 500,000 
 1,000,000 
 2,000,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 N/A 
 0 

Steven M. Caravati 
 100,000 
 200,000 
 400,000 
 700 
 1,400 
 2,800 
 2,000 
 69.47 
 2,200 

(1) These columns show the potential payouts under the long-term cash performance awards and the long-term performance share awards granted to each of the NEOs, for the three-fiscal-year performance period from Fiscal 2024 to Fiscal 2026. Payouts of long-term cash performance awards and long-term performance share awards are tied to achieving specified levels (threshold, target and maximum) of specified performance measures for the three-fiscal-year performance period. For the NEOs, all of whom except Mr. Caravati are Corporate executives, the performance measures are cumulative Corporate EVA for the performance period and EPS growth over the performance period, with each performance measure carrying a 50 weighting. For business segment executives (including Mr. Caravati), the performance measures and their weightings are: cumulative Corporate EVA, 25 ; Corporate EPS growth, 25 ; business segment EBIT, 50 . In all calculations, restructuring charges and non-recurring items are to be excluded, and Corporate results will be adjusted to eliminate the impact of inventory holding gains or losses. No awards are to be paid or distributed if none of the three-fiscal-year threshold financial measures are met. If the performance levels fall between threshold and target or between target and maximum, the award will be linearly pro-rated. 

(2) Effective June 30, 2023, the NEOs were granted non-qualified stock options under the 2010 Stock Option Plan with respect to the number of common shares shown, with an exercise price equal to 69.47, the fair market value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant. The stock options become exercisable over three years in increments of one-third per year on each anniversary of their grant date. 

(3) These annual time-vested restricted common share awards were granted effective June 30, 2023 under the 1997 LTIP and will generally cliff vest three years after the grant date. 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-21>
 9
 wor-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF WORTHINGTON INDUSTRIES, INC. 
 
 The following is a list of the subsidiaries, direct and indirect, of Worthington Industries, Inc. as of July 31, 2023. The names of indirectly-owned subsidiaries are indented under the names of their respective immediate parents: 

Worthington Industries Leasing, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Services, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Industries Medical Center, Inc. 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. (d/b/a The Worthington Steel Company) 
 Michigan 

New AMTROL Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware 

AMTROL Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

AMTROL North American Cylinders, LLC 
 Delaware 

AMTROL Water Technology, LLC 
 Delaware 

AMTROL International Investments Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

AMTROL Holding Netherlands B.V. 
 Netherlands 

AMTROL Holding Portugal, SGPS, Unipessoal, Lda 
 Portugal 

AMTROL-ALFA Metalomecanica, S.A. 
 Portugal 

AMTROL Licensing Inc. 
 Rhode Island 

GerCo Holdings, Inc. 
 Ohio 

Cleveland Pickling, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Precision Specialty Metals, Inc. 
 Delaware 

WI Ventures, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington-Buckeye, Inc. 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinder Corporation 
 Ohio 

dHybrid Systems, LLC 
 Ohio 

GTI Holding Company 
 Delaware 

General Tools Instruments Company LLC 
 New York 

Mannix Instruments CO., LLC 
 New York 

PTI Distributors LLC 
 New York 

General Tools Instruments (Shanghai) Company, Ltd. 
 China 

Level5 Tools, LLC 
 Kansas 

Worthington Cryogenics, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Industries International S. .r.l. 
 Luxembourg 

Worthington Industries Poland sp zoo 
 Poland 

Worthington Cylinders GmbH 
 Austria 

PTEC Pressure Technology GmbH 
 Germany 

Worthington Steel Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Industries Germany UG 
 Germany 

WSMX Holdings, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Kansas, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Cylinders Wisconsin, LLC 
 Ohio 

WC Realty Holdings LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Industries Consumer Products, LLC 
 Ohio 

Tempel Steel Company, LLC 
 Illinois 

T DO B, LLC 
 Illinois 

Tempel Canada Corporation 
 Canada 

Tempel de Mexico, S De R.I. De C.V. 
 Mexico 

Temple HK Holding Co., Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Tempel Changzhou Precision Metal Products Co. Ltd. 
 China 

Tempel Precision Metal Products India Pvt. Ltd. 
 India 

Worthington Industries Engineered Cabs, Inc. 
 Delaware 

The Worthington Steel Company (formerly Worthington Ventures, Inc.) 
 Delaware 

Worthington CDBS Holding, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Mid-Rise Construction, Inc. 
 Ohio 

Worthington Military Construction, Inc. 
 Ohio 

The Worthington Steel Company 
 Ohio 

Worthington Taylor, LLC 
 Michigan 

Worthington Receivables Company, LLC 
 Delaware 

The Worthington Steel Company, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel Company of Decatur, LLC 
 Alabama 

Worthington Steel Rome, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington Steel Services, LLC 
 Ohio 

Worthington WSP, LLC 
 Michigan 

WS Mexico Holdings, LLC 
 Ohio 

Joint Ventures 

Clarkwestern Dietrich Building Systems LLC (1) 
 Ohio 

Serviacero Planos, S. de R.L. de C.V. (2) 
 Mexico 

Spartan Steel Coating, LLC (3) 
 Michigan 

Taxi Workhorse Holdings, LLC (4) 
 Delaware 

TWB Company, LLC (5) 
 Michigan 

Tailor Welded Blanks of Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 

TWB of Ohio, Inc. 
 Ohio 

TWB de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 

Worthington Armstrong Venture (WAVE) (6) 
 Delaware 

Worthington Samuel Coil Processing LLC (7) 
 Ohio 

(1) 	 Unconsolidated joint venture with 25 owned by Worthington CDBS Holding, LLC and 75 owned by CWBS-MISA, Inc. 
 (2) 	 Unconsolidated joint venture with 50 owned by Worthington Steel Mexico, S.A. de C.V. and 50 owned by Inverzer, S.A. de C.V. 
 (3) 	 Consolidated joint venture with 52 owned by Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. and 48 owned by AK Steel Corporation. 
 (4) 	 Unconsolidated joint venture with 80 owned by AEP Taxi Workhorse Aggregator, LLC and 20 owned by Worthington Industries Engineered Cabs, Inc. 
 (5) 	 Consolidated joint venture with 55 owned by Worthington Steel of Michigan, Inc. and 45 owned by a subsidiary of Boashan Iron Steel Co., Ltd. 
 (6) 	 Unconsolidated joint venture, operating as a general partnership, with 50 owned by The Worthington Steel Company (Delaware) and 50 owned by Armstrong Ventures, Inc., a subsidiary of Armstrong World Industries, Inc. 
 (7) 	 Consolidated joint venture with 63 owned by Cleveland Pickling, Inc. and 37 owned by Samuel Manu-Tech Pickling Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 wor-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-48627 and 333-168418) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 033-57981, 333-168421, 333-42849, 333-191668, 333-234157, 333-137614, 333-177237, 333-126183, 333-169769, 333-198203, 333-198201, 333-198200, 333-198199 and 333-271213) on Form S-8 of our reports dated July 31, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Worthington Industries, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 /s/KPMG LLP		 
 
 Columbus, Ohio 
 July 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 11
 wor-ex23_2.htm
 EX-23.2

EX-23.2 

Exhibit 23.2 
 
 Consent of Independent Auditors 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-48627 and 333-168418) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 033-57981, 333-168421, 333-42849, 333-191668, 333-234157, 333-137614, 333-177237, 333-126183, 333-169769, 333-198203, 333-198201, 333-198200, 333-198199 and 333-271213) on Form S-8 of Worthington Industries, Inc. of our report dated February 16, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Worthington Armstrong Venture, and its subsidiary, which report appears in the Form 10-K of Worthington Industries, Inc. dated July 31, 2023. 
 
 /s/KPMG LLP		 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 July 31, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-24>
 12
 wor-ex24.htm
 EX-24

EX-24 

Exhibit 24 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 						 /s/John P. McConnell				 
 						John P. McConnell 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 						 /s/John H. McConnell II				 
 						John H. McConnell II 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for her and in her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set her hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 

/s/Kerrii B. Anderson					 
 Kerrii B. Anderson 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 /s/David P. Blom					 
 David P. Blom 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 /s/John B. Blystone					 
 John B. Blystone 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 

/s/Mark C. Davis					 
 Mark C. Davis 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 

/s/Michael J. Endres					 
 Michael J. Endres 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 

/s/Ozey K. Horton, Jr.					 
 Ozey K. Horton, Jr. 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on July 6, 2023. 

/s/Peter J. Karmanos, Jr.				 
 Peter Karmanos, Jr. 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 

/s/Carl A. Nelson, Jr.					 
 Carl A. Nelson, Jr. 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 	KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on July 21, 2023. 

/s/Sidney A. Ribeau					 
 Sidney A. Ribeau 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for her and in her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set her hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 

/s/Mary Schiavo					 
 Mary Schiavo 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 /s/B. Andrew Rose					 
 B. Andrew Rose 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose and Joseph B. Hayek, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 /s/Patrick J. Kennedy					 
 Patrick J. Kennedy 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 /s/Joseph B. Hayek					 
 Joseph B. Hayek 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that the undersigned officer and director of Worthington Industries, Inc., an Ohio corporation, which anticipates filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Washington, D.C., under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, hereby makes, constitutes and appoints B. Andrew Rose, Joseph B. Hayek and Patrick J. Kennedy, each with full power to act without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign such Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same with all exhibits, financial statements and schedules related thereto, and any and all applications or other documents pertaining to such Annual Report on Form 10-K, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do if personally present. The undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 	 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the undersigned has hereunto set his hand on this 28 th day of June 2023. 
 
 /s/Steven R. Witt					 
 Steven R. Witt 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 13
 wor-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 RULE 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) 
 CERTIFICATIONS (PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER) 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, B. Andrew Rose, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 of Worthington Industries, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ B. Andrew Rose 

B. Andrew Rose, 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 14
 wor-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 RULE 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) 
 CERTIFICATIONS (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER) 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Joseph B. Hayek, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 of Worthington Industries, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 31, 2023 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Joseph B. Hayek 

Joseph B. Hayek, 

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 15
 wor-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, B. Andrew Rose, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

/s/ B. Andrew Rose 

Printed Name: B. Andrew Rose 

Title: Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: July 31, 2023 
 These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Worthington Industries, Inc. specifically incorporates these certifications by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 16
 wor-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Worthington Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Joseph B. Hayek, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of the Company and its subsidiaries. 

/s/ Joseph B. Hayek 

Printed Name: Joseph B. Hayek 

Title: Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: July 31, 2023 
 These certifications are being furnished as required by Rule 13a-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code, and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. These certifications shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Worthington Industries, Inc. specifically incorporates these certifications by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 17
 wor-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

Exhibit 99.1 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (With Independent Auditors Report Thereon) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 

Table of Contents 

Page 

Independent Auditors Report 
 
 1-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Partners Deficit, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 
 6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 7 

KPMG LLP 
 1601 Market Street 
 Philadelphia, PA 19103-2499 

Independent Auditors Report 
 
 The Board of Directors 
 Worthington Armstrong Venture: 
 Opinion 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Worthington Armstrong Venture and its subsidiary (the Company), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, partners deficit, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year ended December 31, 2022, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, in the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company adopted new accounting guidance Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases , and the related amendments. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 In preparing the consolidated financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. 

KPMG LLP, a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 

Auditors Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the consolidated financial statements. 
 In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 
 Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 2 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Assets 
 
 2022 
 
 2021 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 4,134 
 
 2,587 

Accounts receivable, net 
 
 38,278 
 
 38,779 

Receivables from affiliates 
 
 5,336 
 
 4,342 

Inventory, net 
 
 51,638 
 
 73,263 

Other current assets 
 
 1,374 
 
 718 

Total current assets 
 
 100,760 
 
 119,689 

Property, plant, and equipment, net 
 
 36,036 
 
 32,525 

Goodwill intangibles 
 
 9,055 
 
 9,219 

Operating lease assets 
 
 40,896 

Other assets 
 
 383 
 
 412 

Total assets 
 
 187,130 
 
 161,845 

Liabilities and Partners Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 
 
 14,423 
 
 22,801 

Accounts payable to affiliates 
 
 4,566 
 
 4,460 

Accrued expenses 
 
 6,716 
 
 9,615 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 5,416 

Taxes payable 
 
 156 
 
 174 

Total current liabilities 
 
 31,277 
 
 37,050 

Long-term liabilities: 

Long-term debt 
 
 334,126 
 
 295,410 

Long term operating lease liabilities 
 
 35,480 

Other long-term liabilities 
 
 2,718 
 
 1,992 

Total long-term liabilities 
 
 372,324 
 
 297,402 

Total liabilities 
 
 403,601 
 
 334,452 

Partners deficit: 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 (214,932) 
 
 (169,641) 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 (1,539) 
 
 (2,966) 

Total partners deficit 
 
 (216,471) 
 
 (172,607) 

Total liabilities and partners deficit 
 
 187,130 
 
 161,845 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 
 
 458,159 

430,823 

343,318 

Cost of sales 
 
 (227,046) 

(186,293) 

(148,591) 

Gross margin 
 
 231,113 

244,530 

194,727 

Selling, general, and administrative expenses 
 
 (57,757) 

(51,194) 

(47,489) 

Operating income 
 
 173,356 

193,336 

147,238 

Other income, net 
 
 323 

113 

509 

Interest expense 
 
 (9,767) 

(8,668) 

(9,779) 

Income from operations before tax expense 
 
 163,912 

184,781 

137,968 

Income tax expense 
 
 (203) 

(166) 

(203) 

Total net income 
 
 163,709 

184,615 

137,765 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Change in pension plan 
 
 861 

864 

(183) 

Change in cash flow hedge 
 
 566 

(1,022) 

832 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 1,427 

(158) 

649 

Total comprehensive income 
 
 165,136 

184,457 

138,414 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Deficit 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

Contributed capital 

Armstrong Ventures, Inc. 
 
 The Worthington Steel Company 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 Total partners deficit 

Balance, December 31, 2019 

(172,121) 

(3,457) 

(175,578) 

Net income 

137,765 

137,765 

Distributions 

(162,900) 

(162,900) 

Change in pension plan 

(183) 

(183) 

Change in cash flow hedge 

832 

832 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

(197,256) 

(2,808) 

(200,064) 

Net income 

184,615 

184,615 

Distributions 

(157,000) 

(157,000) 

Change in pension plan 

864 

864 

Change in cash flow hedge 

(1,022) 

(1,022) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

(169,641) 

(2,966) 

(172,607) 

Net income 

163,709 

163,709 

Distributions 

(209,000) 

(209,000) 

Change in pension plan 

861 

861 

Change in cash flow hedge 

566 

566 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(214,932) 

(1,539) 

(216,471) 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 
 
 163,709 

184,615 

137,765 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 4,774 

4,273 

4,013 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Change in receivables 
 
 (493) 

(10,917) 

5,121 

Change in inventory 
 
 21,625 

(41,771) 

3,057 

Change in payables and accrued expenses 
 
 (10,973) 

14,553 

(1,132) 

Other 
 
 1,526 

(178) 

326 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 180,168 

150,575 

149,150 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 
 
 (8,121) 

(5,575) 

(7,857) 

Cash consideration received from affiliate 

25,930 

Net cash provided by/(used) in investing activities 
 
 (8,121) 

(5,575) 

18,073 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility 
 
 233,500 

180,000 

166,500 

Issuance of long-term debt 

50,000 

Repayment of revolving credit facility 
 
 (195,000) 

(215,500) 

(170,500) 

Financing cost 

(1,252) 

Distributions paid 
 
 (209,000) 

(157,000) 

(162,900) 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 (170,500) 

(143,752) 

(166,900) 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 1,547 

1,248 

323 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 
 2,587 

1,339 

1,016 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 
 4,134 

2,587 

1,339 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 
 
 9,005 

8,668 

9,779 

Income taxes paid 
 
 212 

211 

190 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 6 
 
 WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (1) Description of Business 

Worthington Armstrong Venture (the Company) is a general partnership, formed in June 1992, between Armstrong Ventures, Inc. (Armstrong), a subsidiary of Armstrong World Industries, Inc., and The Worthington Steel Company (Worthington), a Delaware corporation (a subsidiary of Worthington Industries, Inc.). Its business is to manufacture and market suspension systems for commercial and residential ceiling markets throughout the world. The Company has six manufacturing plants located throughout the United States. 
 (2) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

(a) Basis of Presentation and Use of Estimates 

These consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP) and include management estimates and judgments, where appropriate. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include the valuation of property, plant, and equipment and goodwill, operating lease liabilities and right-of-use assets, accrual for volume rebates, and assets and obligations related to employee benefits. 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiary. All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 
 (b) Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of products to the customer, which typically occurs upon shipment. The main performance obligation to customers is the delivery of products in accordance with purchase orders. Each purchase order confirms the transaction price for the products purchased under the arrangement. Direct shipments to building materials distributors, home centers, direct customers and retailers represent the majority of sales transactions. Standard sales terms are Free On Board FOB shipping point; however, the Company does have minimal sales terms that are FOB destination. At the point of shipment, the customer is required to pay under normal sales terms, which in most cases are 45 days or less, with no material financing components. While the majority of the Company s revenue is derived from the sale of standard products, the Company also manufactures and sells customized ceiling products. The manufacturing cycle for these products is typically short. 
 The Company s products are sold with normal and customary return provisions. Limited warranties are provided for defects in materials or factory workmanship, sagging and warping, and certain other manufacturing defects. Warranties are not sold separately to customers, and product warranties place certain requirements on the purchaser, including installation and maintenance in accordance with written instructions. In addition to the warranty program, under certain limited circumstances, the Company will occasionally, at its sole discretion, provide a customer accommodation repair or replacement. Warranty repairs and replacements are most commonly made by professional installers employed by or affiliated with the Company s independent distributors. Sales returns and warranty claims have historically not been material and do not constitute separate performance obligations. 

7 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 The Company often offers incentive programs to its customers, primarily volume rebates and promotions. The majority of the Company s rebates are designated as a percentage of annual customer purchases. Rebate amounts are estimated based on actual sales for the period and accrued for the projected incentive programs costs. The costs of rebate accruals are recorded as a reduction to revenue. Other sales discounts, including early pay promotions, are deducted immediately from the sales invoice. 
 Sales taxes collected from customers and remitted to governmental authorities are accounted for on a net basis and, therefore, are excluded from revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 (c) Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

The Company recognizes all derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at their respective fair values. For derivatives designated in hedging relationships, changes in the fair value are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, to the extent the derivative is effective at offsetting the changes in cash flows being hedged until the hedged item affects earnings. For derivatives not designated as hedges or that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting, all changes in fair value are recorded immediately to profit or loss. 
 (d) Advertising Costs 

The Company recognizes advertising expense as incurred. Advertising expense was 2,102, 2,079, and 1,338 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 (e) Research and Development Expenditures 

The Company recognizes research and development expense as expenditures are incurred. Total research and development expense was 4,195, 4,157, and 3,464 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. 
 (f) Taxes 

The Company is a general partnership in the United States, and accordingly, generally, U.S. federal and state income taxes are the responsibility of the two general partners. The Company recognizes the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax benefits are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50 likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. 
 (g) Trade Accounts Receivable 

Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated credit losses inherent in its accounts receivable portfolio. In establishing the required allowance, management considers historical losses, current receivables aging, and existing industry and national economic data. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. 

8 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (h) Inventories 

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the first-in, first-out method. 
 (i) Long-Lived Assets 

Property, plant, and equipment are stated at cost, with accumulated depreciation and amortization deducted to arrive at net book value. Depreciation charges are determined generally on the straight-line basis over the useful lives as follows: buildings, 30 years; machinery and equipment, 5 to 15 years; and leasehold improvements over the shorter of 10 years or the life of the lease. Impairment losses are recorded when indicators of impairment are present and the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by those assets are less than the assets carrying amount. If an impairment exists, the asset is reduced to fair value. 
 (j) Leases 

The Company enters into operating leases for certain manufacturing plants, warehouses, and automobiles. The Company s leases have remaining lease terms of up to 10 years. Several leases include options for the Company to renew in certain increments. The Company considers these components in determining the lease term used to establish the right-of-use ROU assets and lease liabilities when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. Short- term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. The lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, an Incremental Borrowing Rate IBR based on information that is available at the lease commencement date is used to compute the present value of lease payments, which is an estimate of the collateralized borrowing rate the Company would incur on future lease payments over a similar term. 
 (k) Goodwill 

Goodwill represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a purchase business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually. The impairment tests performed in 2022 and 2021 did not result in an impairment of goodwill. 
 (l) Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) , which requires lessees to recognize leases on-balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. Topic 842 establishes a ROU model that requires a lessee to recognize a ROU asset and lease liability on the balance sheet for all leases with a term longer than 12 months. Leases are classified as finance or operating, with classification affecting the pattern and classification of expense recognition in the income statement. 
 In January 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-01, Land Easement Practical Expedient for Transition to Topic 842, which permits an entity to elect an optional transition practical expedient to not evaluate under Topic 842 land easements that exist at transition or expired before the adoption of Topic 842 and that were not previously accounted for as leases under Topic 840. In July 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-10, Codification Improvements to Topic 842, Leases, which affects narrow aspects of 

9 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 the guidance issued in the amendments in Update 2016-02. In July 2018, the FASB also issued ASU 2018-11, Targeted Improvements, which allows companies to adopt ASC Topic 842 without revising comparative period reporting or disclosures and provides an optional practical expedient for lessors to not separate lease and non-lease components of a contract when certain criteria are met. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, the Company adopted these standards using the modified retrospective transition approach. As a result, the Company was not required to adjust its comparative period financial information for effects of the standard or make the new required lease disclosures for periods before the date of adoption. The Company elected to adopt the package of transition practical expedients and, therefore, has not reassessed (1) whether existing or expired contracts contain a lease, (2) lease classification for existing or expired leases or (3) the accounting for initial direct costs that were previously capitalized. 
 Adoption of the new leasing standard had a material effect on the Company s consolidated balance sheet but did not materially affect the consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income. Adoption drove a 29,439 increase in operating lease liabilities with a corresponding equal increase in ROU assets as of January 1, 2022. Adoption did not have a material impact to the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 In November 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832): Disclosures by Business Entities about Government Assistance, which requires most business entities to disclose information about certain government assistance they receive. The related disclosure requirements include (1) the nature of the transactions and the related accounting policy used; (2) the line items on the balance sheet and income statement that are affected and the amounts applicable to each financial statement line item; and (3) significant terms and conditions of the transactions. The Company adopted the ASU on January 1, 2022 and will apply it to any government assistance received thereafter. See Note 10 for discussion regarding such amounts recorded in 2022. 
 (3) Accounts Receivable 

The Company sells its products to select, preapproved customers whose businesses are directly affected by changes in economic and market conditions. The Company considers these factors and the financial condition of each customer when establishing its allowance for losses from doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts was 167 and 113 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (4) Inventory 

2022 
 
 2021 

Finished goods 

19,151 
 
 21,819 

Goods in process 

393 
 
 474 

Raw materials 

28,699 
 
 47,788 

Supplies 

3,395 
 
 3,182 

Total inventory, net of reserves 

51,638 
 
 73,263 

10 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (5) Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 

The Company may use interest-rate related derivative instruments to manage its exposure related to changes in interest rates on its variable-rate debt instruments and uses commodity derivatives to manage its exposure to commodity price fluctuations. The Company does not enter into derivative instruments for any purpose other than cash flow hedging. The Company does not speculate using derivative instruments. 
 The Company currently uses Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) debt to finance its operations after transitioning from the variable-rate London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) debt in December 2022. The Company s mechanisms for using SOFR as the base rate remain largely the same as under LIBOR, with the exception of a small monthly basis point adjustment intended to ensure that SOFR rates effectively mirror higher LIBOR rates. The debt obligations expose the Company to variability in interest payments due to changes in interest rates. Management believes that it is prudent to limit the variability of a portion of its interest payments, and thus may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage fluctuations in cash flows resulting from changes in the benchmark interest rate. The swap changes the variable-rate cash flow exposure on the debt obligations to fixed cash flows. The Company is not currently utilizing interest rate swaps; however, management will continue to evaluate opportunities to limit variability of cash flows resulting from changes in the benchmarked interest rate. 
 On April 28, 2017 the Company entered into a swap with a notional amount of 50,000 maturing in February 2022, under the terms of which the Company paid a fixed rate of 1.9365 and received one-month LIBOR. This swap was designated as a cash flow hedge. The swap was unaffected by the extension of the Company s revolving credit facility in 2021 and expired in February 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total notional amount of the Company s outstanding interest-rate swap agreement that was entered into to hedge outstanding or forecasted debt obligations was 0 and 50,000, respectively. 
 The Company also strategically enters into certain derivative instruments to hedge exposure to changes in cash flows attributable to commodity price fluctuations associated with certain forecasted transactions, specifically the future purchases of steel and aluminum used in manufacturing the Company s products. Changes in the fair value of steel and aluminum derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments and that effectively offset the variability of cash flows associated with anticipated purchases of steel and aluminum are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. These amounts subsequently are reclassed into cost of goods sold when the related inventory is liquidated and affects earnings. The Company assesses hedge effectiveness both at the onset of the hedge and at regular intervals throughout the life of the derivative instrument. 
 The fair value of derivatives designated as hedging instruments held as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair value 

Balance Sheet Location 

Fair value 

Steel aluminum hedges (current) 
 
 Accrued Expenses 

153 

Accrued Expenses 

567 

Interest rate swap (current) 
 
 Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Expenses 

150 

Total 

153 

717 

11 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 The amount of loss recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income was 153 and 717, respectively as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (6) Property, Plant, and Equipment 

2022 

2021 

Land 

673 

673 

Buildings 

15,486 

15,266 

Machinery and equipment 

76,800 

73,801 

Computer software 

2,463 

2,182 

Construction in process 

6,294 

2,404 

101,716 

94,326 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(65,679) 

(61,801) 

Total property, plant, and equipment, net 

36,037 

32,525 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 4,774, 4,273 and 4,013 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (7) Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The Company does not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate their fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. The carrying value and estimated fair value of debt was 334,126 and 309,094, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The carrying value and estimated fair value of debt was 295,410 and 303,168, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 
 The fair value of the Company s debt is based on the amount of future cash flows discounted using rates the Company would currently be able to realize for similar instruments of comparable maturity. 
 Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. U.S. GAAP establishes a three-level fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 
 Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
 The Company s derivatives are valued using Level 2 inputs. The fair values are disclosed in Note 6. The Company does not have any significant financial or nonfinancial assets or liabilities that are valued using Level 3 inputs. 

12 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (8) Debt 

The Company has a 250,000 revolving credit facility (Facility) with PNC Bank and other lenders. Upon its expiration in March 2021, the Facility was amended and restated. While there was no change in the amount of the Facility, the term now expires March 31, 2026. The Company amended the Facility to reference SOFR instead of LIBOR in December 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was 185,000 and 146,500, respectively, outstanding under the Facility. The Company can borrow at rates with a range over adjusted SOFR of 1.125 to 1.75 , depending on the Company s leverage ratio, as defined by the terms of the Facility. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s interest rate was 5.68 and 1.35 , respectively. 
 On October 19, 2018, the Company issued 50,000 of 10-year private placement notes with PGIM, Inc. (PGIM Series B Notes) that mature in October 2028. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 50,000 outstanding. The PGIM Series B Notes bear interest at 4.79 that is paid on a quarterly basis. 
 On February 5, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 of 8-year private placement notes with PGIM, Inc. (PGIM Series D Notes) that mature in February 2029. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was 50,000 outstanding. The PGIM Series D Notes bear interest at 3.05 that is paid on a quarterly basis. 
 On January 7, 2021, the Company issued 50,000 of 10-year private placement notes with Bank of America N.A. (BoA Series C Notes) that mature in January 2031. At December 31, 2022 and 2021 there was 50,000 outstanding. The BoA Series C Notes bear interest at 2.90 that is paid bi-annually. 
 The debt agreements contain certain restrictive financial covenants, including, among others, interest coverage and leverage ratios. The Company was in compliance with its covenants during the years ended and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (9) Pension Benefit Programs 

The Company contributes to the Worthington Industries Deferred Profit Sharing Plan for eligible U.S. employees. Costs for this plan were 1,297, 1,687 and 1,311 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The Company also has a U.S. defined-benefit pension plan for eligible hourly employees that worked in its former manufacturing plant located in Malvern, Pennsylvania. This plan was curtailed in January 2004 due to the consolidation of the Company s East Coast operations, which eliminated the expected future years of service for participants in the plan. 
 The following tables set forth the defined-benefit pension plan s benefit obligations, fair value of plan assets, and funded status at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 

2021 

Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year 
 
 5,333 

6,207 

Interest cost 
 
 138 

133 

Actuarial gain 
 
 (852) 
 
 (374) 

Benefits paid 
 
 (474) 
 
 (633) 

Projected benefit obligation at end of year 
 
 4,145 

5,333 

13 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 

2022 
 
 2021 

Benefit obligation at December 31 
 
 4,145 

5,333 

Fair value of plan assets as of December 31 
 
 5,040 

5,404 

Funded status at end of year 
 
 895 

71 

Amounts recognized in the balance sheets consist of: 

Other assets 
 
 895 

71 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 1,386 

2,248 

Net amount recognized 
 
 2,281 

2,319 

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss represent unrecognized net actuarial losses. 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost (benefit) are as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest cost 
 
 138 

133 

173 

Expected return on plan assets 
 
 (343) 
 
 (352) 
 
 (325) 

Recognized net actuarial loss 
 
 190 

217 

213 

Recognized settlement charge 
 
 188 

Net periodic benefit cost 
 
 173 

(2) 
 
 61 

The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. defined-benefit pension plan was 4,145 and 5,333 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unrecognized net loss for the defined-benefit pension plan that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year is 45. 
 The valuations and assumptions reflect the Society of Actuaries PRI 2012 mortality table with MP-2021 generational projection scales as of December 31, 2022. 
 Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations for the years ended and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

2022 
 
 2021 

Weighted average assumptions for the year ended December 31: 

Discount rate 
 2.63 
 
 2.25 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 6.50 
 
 6.50 

Weighted average assumptions as of December 31: 

Discount rate 
 4.89 
 
 2.63 

Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
 6.50 
 
 6.50 

Pension plan assets are required to be disclosed at fair value in the consolidated financial statements. Fair value is defined in Note 8 Fair Value of Financial Instruments. 
 The U.S. defined-benefit pension plan assets fair value measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Valuation techniques used need to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. 

14 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 The following tables set forth by level within the fair value hierarchy a summary of the plan s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

2022 

Fair value based on 

Fair value 

Quoted active markets (Level 1) 

Observable inputs (Level 2) 

Investment: 

Cash and money market funds 
 
 1,875 

1,875 

Debt securities 
 
 3,165 

3,165 

5,040 

1,875 

3,165 

2021 

Fair value based on 

Fair value 

Quoted active markets (Level 1) 

Observable inputs (Level 2) 

Investment: 

Cash and money market funds 
 
 3,397 

3,397 

Debt securities 
 
 2,007 

2,007 

5,404 

3,397 

2,007 

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Cash: Consists of cash and cash equivalents. The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents approximate fair value due to the short-term maturity of these instruments. 
 Money market funds: The money market investment consists of an institutional investor money market fund, valued at the fund s net asset value (NAV), which is normally calculated at the close of business daily. The fund s assets are valued as of this time for the purpose of computing the fund s NAV. 
 Debt securities: Consist of investments in individual corporate bonds, municipal bonds, or government bonds. These bonds are each individually valued using a yield curve model, based on observable inputs, which may also incorporate available trade and bid/ask spread data where available. 
 In developing the 6.50 expected long-term rate of return assumption, the Company considered its historical returns and reviewed asset class return expectations and long-term inflation assumptions. 
 The primary investment objective of the defined-benefit pension plan historically was to achieve long-term growth of capital in excess of 6.50 annually, exclusive of contributions or withdrawals. Near the end of 2021, the Company s investment objective shifted to a more conservative fixed-income approach to reduce market risk in anticipation of purchasing annuities for the remaining plan participants; accordingly, during 2022 the investment mix was shifted to a fixed-income approach targeting a mix of 65 fixed income investments and 35 cash equivalents. The Company anticipates purchasing annuities for the remaining plan participants in 2024. 

15 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Each asset class utilized by the defined-benefit pension plan has a targeted percentage. The following table shows the 2022 asset allocation target and the December 31, 2022 and 2021 position: 

Position at December 31 

Target weight 

2022 

2021 

Cash and equivalents 
 35 

37 

63 

Fixed income securities 
 65 

63 

37 

The Company made contributions of 0, 0 and 200 to the U.S. defined-benefit pension plan in 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. The Company expects to contribute 0 to the plan in 2023. 
 The benefits expected to be paid in each of the next five years and in the aggregate for the five years thereafter are shown in the following table: 

Expected future payments for the year(s) ending December 31: 

2023 
 
 372 

2024 
 
 372 

2025 
 
 360 

2026 
 
 351 

2027 
 
 348 

2028-2032 
 
 1,610 

The expected benefits are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company s benefit obligation at December 31, 2022. 
 (10) Income Taxes 

The Company is a general partnership in the United States, and accordingly, U.S. federal and state income taxes are generally the responsibility of the two general partners. Therefore, no federal income tax provision has been recorded on U.S. income. 
 Other taxes 
 In 2022, the Company recorded an Employee Retention Credit (ERC) benefit of 2,154, representing a refundable payroll tax credit for eligible wages paid to our employees in 2021 under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. The Company accounted for the ERC by applying the grant model. The credit was recorded as an offset to payroll tax expenses within cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

16 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (11) Leases 

The Company rents certain real estate for its corporate office as well as for certain of its manufacturing facilities; substantially all of the Company s lease expense relates to building and warehouse lease expense. Several leases include options for renewal, and contain clauses for payment of real estate taxes, insurance, and certain operating costs. In most cases, management expects that in the normal course of business, leases will be renewed or replaced by other leases. The Company adopted Topic 842 and the related ASUs summarized in Note 1 effective January 1, 2022 using a modified retrospective transition approach. As a result, the Company s comparative period financial information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 continues to be presented under the previous leasing guidance, Topic 840. 
 Minimum rent payments under operating leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease including any periods of free rent. Rent expense during 2022, 2021, and 2020 amounted to 4,347 3,304 and 3,034, respectively. Short-term lease expense and variable lease costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any material leases that have not yet commenced. The weighted average remaining lease term for the Company s operating leases at December 31, 2022 was 9.4 years, and the weighted average discount rate was 4.1 . The Company obtained ROU assets in the amount of 40,896 in exchange for lease obligations at December 31, 2022. This amount includes initial ROU assets of 29,439 recognized upon adoption on January 1, 2022. The Company does not believe the amount of cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities to be materially different from our operating lease cost for the year ended December 31, 2022. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was 3,872 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Maturities of operating lease liabilities under noncancellable leases as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Year: 

2023 
 
 5,701 

2024 
 
 5,247 

2025 
 
 4,869 

2026 
 
 4,984 

2027 
 
 5,070 

Thereafter 
 
 25,614 

Total undiscounted lease payments 
 
 51,485 

Less: imputed interest 
 
 (10,589) 

Total lease liabilities 
 
 40,896 

Future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2021, by year and in the aggregate, having non- cancelable lease terms in excess of one year were expected to be as follows: 

Year: 

2022 
 
 3,007 

2023 
 
 3,135 

2024 
 
 2,699 

2025 
 
 2,241 

2026 
 
 2,278 

Thereafter 
 
 13,815 

Total 
 
 27,175 

17 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (12) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

The following table summarizes the activity, by component, related to the change in AOCI for December 31, 2022 and the balances for accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): 

Cash flow hedge 
 
 Pension plan 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

305 
 
 (3,113) 
 
 (2,808) 

Other comprehensive (loss) / income before reclassifications 

(1,022) 
 
 614 
 
 (408) 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

250 
 
 250 

Net current period other comprehensive (loss) / income 

(1,022) 
 
 864 
 
 (158) 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

(717) 
 
 (2,249) 
 
 (2,966) 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

566 
 
 722 
 
 1,288 

Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 

139 
 
 139 

Net current period other comprehensive income 

566 
 
 861 
 
 1,427 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(151) 
 
 (1,388) 
 
 (1,539) 

The amount reclassified from AOCI was recorded in other income, net in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 (13) Related Parties 

AWI provides certain selling, promotional, and administrative processing services to the Company for which it receives reimbursement. AWI purchases grid products from the Company, which are then resold along with AWI inventory to AWI s customers. 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Services provided by Armstrong 
 
 29,083 
 
 21,612 
 
 20,721 

Sales to Armstrong 
 
 34,450 
 
 27,852 
 
 21,513 

AWI owed the Company 5,336 and 4,342 for purchases of product as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in receivables from affiliates. 
 Worthington, and affiliates of Worthington, provide certain administrative processing services, steel processing services, and insurance-related coverages to the Company for which it receives reimbursement. 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Administrative services by Worthington 
 
 2,129 
 
 2,017 
 
 3,690 

Insurance-related coverage net of 

premiums by Worthington 
 
 1,425 
 
 1,649 
 
 1,384 

Steel processing services by Worthington 

and affiliates of Worthington 

1,213 
 
 1,420 

The Company owed 4,566 and 4,460 to Worthington and affiliates of Worthington as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are included in accounts payable to affiliates. 

18 
 (Continued) 

WORTHINGTON ARMSTRONG VENTURE 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 (14) Legal Proceedings 

The Company is involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. 
 (15) Business and Credit Concentrations 

Approximately 29 , 29 , and 24 of net sales were to the Company s largest third-party customer for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The Company s 10 largest third-party customers accounted for approximately 78 , 76 , and 75 of the Company s net sales for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and approximately 85 and 78 of the Company s trade accounts receivable balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 13 for sales to and amounts owed to the Company from AWI. 
 (16) Subsequent Events 

Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date the annual consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, February 16, 2023. 

19 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 23
 wor-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 wor-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 25
 wor-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 wor-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 wor-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

