<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230802_10-K_edgar_data_70502_0000070502-23-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22760505</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>573412</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2858998</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10889172</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4012247</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3774040</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000070502-23-000030.hdr.sgml : 20230802
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230802164521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000070502-23-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230802
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230802

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORP /DC/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000070502
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTION [6159]
		IRS NUMBER:				520891669
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07102
		FILM NUMBER:		231136476

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20701 COOPERATIVE WAY
		CITY:			DULLES
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20166-6691
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7034671800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20701 COOPERATIVE WAY
		CITY:			DULLES
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			20166-6691

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000070502-23-000030.txt : 20230802

10-K
 1
 nru-20230531.htm
 NRU FY2023 10-K

nru-20230531 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 __________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 __________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification no.) 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 __________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. x No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transaction period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officer's during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 The Registrant is a tax-exempt cooperative and therefore does t issue capital stock. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Overview 
 1 
 Our Business 
 2 
 Members 
 3 
 Loan and Guarantee Programs 
 5 
 Investment Policy 
 8 
 Industry 
 9 
 Lending Competition 
 10 
 Regulation 
 12 
 Human Capital Management 
 12 
 Corporate Responsibility 
 14 
 Available Information 
 15 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 22 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A 
 23 
 Introduction 
 23 
 Summary of Selected Financial Data 
 23 
 Executive Summary 
 26 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 33 
 Recent Accounting Changes and Other Developments 
 35 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis 
 43 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 49 
 Credit Risk 
 50 
 Liquidity Risk 
 61 
 Market Risk 
 72 
 Operational Risk 
 75 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 77 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 81 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 82 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 87 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 88 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 89 
 
 i 

Page Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 90 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 92 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 92 
 Note 2 Interest Income and Interest Expense 
 102 
 Note 3 Investment Securities 
 102 
 Note 4 Loans 
 104 
 Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 117 
 Note 6 Short-Term Borrowings 
 119 
 Note 7 Long-Term Debt 
 120 
 Note 8 Subordinated Deferrable Debt 
 123 
 Note 9 Members Subordinated Certificates 
 124 
 Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 126 
 Note 11 Equity 
 130 
 Note 12 Employee Benefits 
 133 
 Note 13 Guarantees 
 134 
 Note 14 Fair Value Measurement 
 136 
 Note 15 Variable Interest Entities 
 140 
 Note 16 Business Segments 
 142 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 146 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 146 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 147 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 147 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 148 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 158 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 169 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 169 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 172 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 173 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 177 
 SIGNATURES 
 178 

ii 

Table of Contents 

 CROSS REFERENCE INDEX OF MD A TABLES 
 
 Table Description Page 1 Summary of Selected Financial Data 24 2 Average Balances, Interest Income/Interest Expense and Average Yield/Cost 36 3 Rate/Volume Analysis of Changes in Interest Income/Interest Expense 38 4 Non-Interest Income 40 5 Derivative Gains (Losses) 41 6 Comparative Swap Curves 42 7 Non-Interest Expense 43 8 Loans Outstanding Amount by Member Class and Loan Type 44 9 Debt Debt Product Types 45 10 Debt Total Debt Outstanding and Weighted-Average Interest Rates 
 46 11 Debt Member Investments 
 47 12 Equity 48 13 Loans Loan Portfolio Security Profile 52 14 Loans Loan Exposure to 20 Largest Borrowers 53 15 Loans Loan Exposure to Texas-Based Borrowers 54 16 Loans Loan Geographic Concentration 55 17 Loans Troubled Debt Restructured Loans 56 18 Loans Nonperforming Loans 57 19 Allowance for Credit Losses by Borrower Member Class and Evaluation Methodology 59 20 Available Liquidity 62 21 Liquidity Coverage Ratios 63 22 Committed Bank Revolving Line of Credit Agreements 64 23 Short-Term Borrowings Outstanding Amount and Weighted-Average Interest Rates 66 24 Short-Term Borrowings Funding Sources 66 25 Long-Term and Subordinated Debt Issuances and Repayments 67 26 Collateral Pledged 68 27 Loans Unencumbered Loans 68 28 Loans Maturities of Scheduled Principal Payments 69 29 Contractual Obligations 70 30 Liquidity Projected Long-Term Sources and Uses of Funds 
 71 31 Credit Ratings 71 32 Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis 
 73 33 LIBOR-Indexed Financial Instruments 75 34 Adjusted Net Income 78 35 TIER and Adjusted TIER 78 36 Adjusted Liabilities and Equity 80 37 Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Adjusted Debt-to-Equity Ratio 81 38 Members Equity 81 
 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 this Report or 2023 Form 10-K contains certain statements that are considered forward-looking statements as defined in and within the meaning of the safe-harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements do not represent historical facts or statements of current conditions. Instead, forward-looking statements represent management s current beliefs and expectations, based on certain assumptions and estimates made by, and information available to, management at the time the statements are made, regarding our future plans, strategies, operations, financial results or other events and developments, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the use of words such as intend, plan, may, should, will, project, estimate, anticipate, believe, expect, continue, potential, opportunity and similar expressions, whether in the negative or affirmative. All statements about future expectations or projections, including statements about loan volume, the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, operating income and expenses, leverage and debt-to-equity ratios, borrower financial performance, impaired loans, and sources and uses of liquidity, are forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, actual results and performance may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Therefore, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement and should consider the risks and uncertainties that could cause our current expectations to vary from our forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, legislative changes that could affect our tax status and other matters, demand for our loan products, lending competition, changes in the quality or composition of our loan portfolio, changes in our ability to access external financing, changes in the credit ratings on our debt, valuation of collateral supporting impaired loans, charges associated with our operation or disposition of foreclosed assets, nonperformance of counterparties to our derivative agreements, economic conditions and regulatory or technological changes within the rural electric industry, the costs and impact of legal or governmental proceedings involving us or our members, general economic conditions, governmental monetary and fiscal policies, the occurrence and effect of natural disasters, including severe weather events or public health emergencies, and the factors listed and described under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of events, circumstances or changes in expectations that arise after the date any forward-looking statement is made. 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

OVERVIEW 
 
 Our financial statements include the consolidated accounts of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation CFC ), National Cooperative Services Corporation NCSC and Rural Telephone Finance Cooperative RTFC ). Our principal operations are currently organized for management reporting purposes into three business segments, which are based on the accounts of each of the legal entities included in our consolidated financial statements and discussed below. 
 
 The business affairs of CFC, NCSC and RTFC are governed by separate boards of directors for each entity. We provide information on CFC s corporate governance in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We provide information on the members of each of these entities below in Item 1. Business Members and describe the financing products offered to members by each entity under Item 1. Business Loan and Guarantee Programs. Information on the financial performance of our business segments is disclosed in Note 16 Business Segments. Unless stated otherwise, references to we, our or us relate to CFC and its consolidated entities. All references to members within this document include members, associates and affiliates of CFC and its consolidated entities, except where indicated otherwise. 
 
 CFC 
 
 CFC is a member-owned, nonprofit finance cooperative association incorporated under the laws of the District of Columbia in April 1969. CFC s principal purpose is to provide its members and associates with financing to supplement the loan programs of the Rural Utilities Service RUS of the United States Department of Agriculture USDA ). CFC extends 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 loans to its rural electric members for construction, acquisitions, system and facility repairs and maintenance, enhancements and ongoing operations to support the goal of electric distribution and generation and transmission power supply systems of providing reliable, affordable power to the customers they serve. CFC also provides its members and associates with credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and guarantees of debt obligations. As a cooperative, CFC is owned by and exclusively serves its membership, which consists of not-for-profit entities or subsidiaries or affiliates of not-for-profit entities. CFC is exempt from federal income taxes under Section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code. As a member-owned cooperative, CFC s objective is not to maximize profit, but rather to offer members cost-based financial products and services. As described below under Allocation and Retirement of Patronage Capital, CFC annually allocates its net earnings, which consist of net income excluding the effect of certain noncash accounting entries, to: (i) a cooperative educational fund; (ii) a general reserve, if necessary; (iii) members based on each member s patronage of CFC s loan programs during the year; and (iv) a members capital reserve. CFC funds its activities primarily through a combination of public and private issuances of debt securities, member investments and retained equity. As a Section 501(c)(4) tax-exempt, member-owned cooperative, CFC cannot issue equity securities. 
 
 NCSC 
 
 NCSC is a taxable cooperative incorporated in 1981 in the District of Columbia as a member-owned cooperative association. The principal purpose of NCSC is to provide financing to its members, entities eligible to be members of CFC and the for-profit and not-for-profit entities that are owned, operated or controlled by, or provide significant benefit to Class A, B and C members of CFC. See Members below for a description of our member classes. NCSC s membership consists of distribution systems, power supply systems and statewide and regional associations that were members of CFC as of May 31, 2023. CFC, which is the primary source of funding for NCSC, manages NCSC s business operations under a management agreement that is automatically renewable on an annual basis unless terminated by either party. NCSC pays CFC a fee and, in exchange, CFC reimburses NCSC for loan losses under a guarantee agreement. As a taxable cooperative, NCSC pays income tax based on its reported taxable income and deductions. NCSC is headquartered with CFC in Dulles, Virginia. 
 
 RTFC 
 
 RTFC is a taxable Subchapter T cooperative association originally incorporated in South Dakota in 1987 and reincorporated as a member-owned cooperative association in the District of Columbia in 2005. RTFC s principal purpose is to provide financing for its rural telecommunications members and their affiliates. RTFC s membership consists of a combination of not-for-profit and for-profit entities. CFC is the sole lender to and manages RTFC s business operations through a management agreement that is automatically renewable on an annual basis unless ter minated by either party. RTFC pays CFC a fee and, in exchange, CFC reimburses RTFC for loan losses under a guarantee agreement. As permitted under Subchapter T of the Internal Revenue Code, RTFC pays income tax based on its taxable income, excluding patronage-sourced earnings allocated to its patrons. RTFC is headquartered with CFC in Dulles, Virginia. 
 
 In April 2023 and June 2023, RTFC s and NCSC s members, respectively, approved the sale of RTFC s business to NCSC. We intend to complete the consolidation of RTFC and NCSC over the next 12 months, subject to meeting certain closing conditions. As part of the consolidation, CFC intends to retire CFC s allocated but unretired patronage capital to RTFC at a discount, which we expect to occur during the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, and subsequently, RTFC intends to retire the allocated but unretired patronage capital to its members at a discount. 

OUR BUSINESS 
 
 CFC was established by and for the rural electric cooperative network to provide affordable financing alternatives to electric cooperatives. While our business strategy and policies are set by the CFC Board of Directors and may be amended or revised from time to time, the fundamental goal of our overall business model is to work with our members to ensure that CFC is able to meet their financing needs, as well as provide industry expertise and strategic services to aid them in delivering affordable and reliable essential services to their communities. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 Focus on Electric Lending 
 
 As a member-owned, nonprofit finance cooperative, our primary objective is to provide our members with the credit products they need to fund their operations. As such, we primarily focus on lending to electric systems and securing access to capital through diverse funding sources at rates that allow us to offer cost-based credit products to our members. Rural electric cooperatives, most of which are not-for-profit entities, were established to provide electricity in rural areas historically deemed too costly to be served by investor-owned utilities. As such, our electric cooperative members experience limited competition because they generally operate in exclusive territories, the majority of which are not rate regulated. Loans to electric utility organizations accounted for approximately 99 and 98 of our total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Substantially all of our electric cooperative borrowers continued to demonstrate stable operating performance and strong financial ratios as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Maintain Diversified Funding Sources 
 
 We strive to maintain diversified funding sources beyond capital market offerings of debt securities. We offer various short- and long-term unsecured investment products to our members and affiliates, including commercial paper, select notes, daily liquidity fund notes, medium-term notes and subordinated certificates. We continue to issue debt securities, such as secured collateral trust bonds, unsecured medium-term notes and dealer commercial paper, in the capital markets. We also have access to funds through bank revolving line of credit arrangements, government-guaranteed programs such as funding from the Federal Financing Bank that is guaranteed by RUS through the Guaranteed Underwriter Program of the USDA (the Guaranteed Underwriter Program ), as well as a note purchase agreement with the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation Farmer Mac ). We provide additional information on our funding sources in Item 7. MD A Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis, Item 7. MD A Liquidity Risk, Note 6 Short-Term Borrowings, Note 7 Long-Term Debt, Note 8 Subordinated Deferrable Debt and Note 9 Members Subordinated Certificates. 

MEMBERS 
 
 Our consolidated membership, after taking into consideration entities that are members of both CFC and NCSC and eliminating overlapping members between CFC, NCSC and RTFC, totaled 1,426 members and 270 associates as of May 31, 2023, compared with 1,425 members and 248 associates as of May 31, 2022. 
 
 CFC 
 
 CFC lends to its members and associates and also provides credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and guarantees of debt obligations. Membership in CFC is limited to cooperative or not-for-profit rural electric systems that are eligible to borrow from RUS under its Electric Loan Program and affiliates of these entities. CFC categorizes its members, all of which are not-for-profit entities or subsidiaries or affiliates of not-for-profit entities, into classes based on member type because the demands and needs of each member class differ. Affiliates represent holding companies, subsidiaries and other entities that are owned, controlled or operated by members. Members are not required to have outstanding loans from RUS as a condition of borrowing from CFC . CFC membership consists of members in 50 states and three U.S. territories. In addition to members, CFC has associates that are nonprofit groups or entities organized on a cooperative basis that are owned, controlled or operated by members and are engaged in or plan to engage in furnishing non-electric services primarily for the benefit of the ultimate consumers of CFC members. Associates are not eligible to vote on matters put to a vote of the membership. CFC s members, by member class, and associates were as follows as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 CFC Member Member Type Class May 31, 2023 Distribution systems A 843 Power supply systems B 68 Statewide and regional associations, including NCSC C 62 National association of cooperatives (1) 
 D 1 Total CFC members 974 Associates, including RTFC 45 Total CFC members and associates 1,019 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) National Rural Electric Cooperative Association is our sole class D member. 
 
 NCSC 
 
 Membership in NCSC includes organizations that are Class A, B and C members of CFC, or eligible for such membership and are approved for membership by the NCSC Board of Directors. In addition to members, NCSC has associates that may include members of CFC, entities eligible to be members of CFC and for-profit and not-for-profit entities owned, controlled or operated by, or provide significant benefit to, Class A, B and C members of CFC. All of NCSC s members also were CFC members as of May 31, 2023. CFC is not, however, a member of NCSC. NCSC s members and associates were as follows as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 CFC Member Member Type Class May 31, 2023 Distribution systems A 448 Power supply systems B 3 Statewide associations C 6 Total NCSC members 457 Associates 220 Total NCSC members and associates 677 
 
 RTFC 
 
 Membership in RTFC is limited to cooperative corporations, not-for-profit corporations, private corporations, public corporations, utility districts and other public bodies that are approved by the RTFC Board of Directors and are actively borrowing or are eligible to borrow from RUS s traditional infrastructure loan program. These companies must be engaged directly or indirectly in furnishing telephone services as the licensed incumbent carrier. Holding companies, subsidiaries and other organizations that are owned, controlled or operated by members, which are referred to as affiliates, are eligible to borrow from RTFC. In addition, RTFC has associates that are organizations that provide non-telephone or non-telecommunications services to rural telecommunications companies that are approved by the RTFC Board of Directors. Neither affiliates nor associates are eligible to vote on matters put to a vote of the membership. CFC and NCSC are not members of RTFC. RTFC s members and associates were as follows as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Member Type May 31, 2023 Members 453 Associates 6 Total RTFC members and associates 459 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 LOAN AND GUARANTEE PROGRAMS 
 
 CFC lends to its members and associates and also provides credit enhancements in the form of letters of credit and guarantees of debt obligations. NCSC and RTFC also lend and provide credit enhancements to their members and associates. For information on the membership of CFC, NCSC and RTFC, see Item 1. Business Members. 
 
 CFC, NCSC and RTFC loan commitments generally contain provisions that restrict borrower advances or trigger an event of default if there is any material adverse change in the business or condition, financial or otherwise, of the borrower. Below is additional information on the loan and guarantee programs offered by CFC, NCSC and RTFC. 
 
 CFC Loan Programs 
 
 Long-Term Loans 
 
 CFC s long-term loans generally have the following characteristics: 
 
 terms of up to 35 years on a senior secured basis and terms of up to five years on an unsecured basis; 
 amortizing, bullet maturity or serial payment structures; 
 the property, plant and equipment financed by and securing the long-term loan has a useful life generally equal to or in excess of the loan maturity; 
 flexibility for the borrower to select a fixed interest rate for periods of one to 35 years or a variable interest rate; and 
 the ability for the borrower to select various tranches with either a fixed or variable interest rate for each tranche. 
 
 Borrowers typically have the option of selecting a fixed or variable interest rate at the time of each advance on long-term loan facilities. When selecting a fixed rate, the borrower has the option to choose a fixed rate for a term of one year through the final maturity of the loan. When the selected fixed interest rate term expires, the borrower may select another fixed rate for a term of one year through the remaining loan maturity or the current variable rate. 
 
 To be in compliance with the covenants in the loan agreement and eligible for loan advances, distribution systems generally must maintain an average modified debt service coverage ratio, as defined in the loan agreement, of 1.35 or greater. CFC may make long-term loans to distribution systems, on a case-by-case basis, that do not meet this general criterion. Power supply systems generally are required: (i) to maintain an average debt service coverage ratio, as defined in the loan agreement, of 1.00 or greater; (ii) to establish and collect rates and other revenue in an amount to yield margins for interest, as defined in an indenture, in each fiscal year sufficient to equal at least 1.00; or (iii) both. CFC may make long-term loans to power supply systems, on a case-by-case basis, that may include other requirements, such as maintenance of a minimum equity level. 
 
 Line of Credit Loans 
 
 Line of credit loans are designed primarily to assist borrowers with liquidity and cash management and are generally advanced at variable interest rates. Line of credit loans are typically revolving facilities. Certain line of credit loans require the borrower to pay off the principal balance for at least five consecutive business days at least once during each 12-month period. Line of credit loans are generally unsecured and may be conditional or unconditional facilities. 
 
 Line of credit loans can be made on an emergency basis when financing is needed quickly to address weather-related or other unexpected events and can also be made available as interim financing when a member either receives RUS approval to obtain a loan and is awaiting its initial advance of funds or submits a loan application that is pending approval from RUS (sometimes referred to as bridge loans ). In these cases, when the borrower receives the RUS loan advance, the funds must be used to repay the bridge loans. 
 
 Syndicated Line of Credit and Term Loans 
 
 Syndicated line of credit and term loans are typically large financings offered by a group of lenders that work together to provide funds for a single borrower. Syndicated loans are generally unsecured, floating-rate loans that can be provided on a 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 revolving or term basis for tenors that range from several months to five years. Syndicated financings are arranged for borrowers on a case-by-case basis. CFC may act as lead lender, arranger and/or administrative agent for the syndicated facilities. CFC will syndicate these line of credit facilities on a best effort basis. 
 
 NCSC Loan Programs 
 
 NCSC makes loans to electric cooperatives and their subsidiaries that provide non-electric services in the energy and telecommunication industries as well as to entities that provide substantial benefit to CFC members, including eligible solar energy providers and investor-owned utilities. Loans to NCSC associates may require a guarantee of repayment to NCSC from the CFC member cooperative with which it is affiliated. 
 
 Long-Term Loans 
 
 NCSC s long-term loans generally have the following characteristics: 
 
 terms up to 30 years on a senior secured basis and terms of up to five years on an unsecured basis; 
 amortizing, balloon, bullet maturity or serial payment structures; 
 the property, plant and equipment financed by and securing the long-term loan has a useful life equal to or in excess of the loan maturity; 
 flexibility for the borrower to select a fixed interest rate for periods of one to 30 years or a variable interest rate; and 
 the ability for the borrower to select various tranches with either a fixed or variable interest rate for each tranche. 
 
 NCSC allows borrowers to select a fixed interest rate or a variable interest rate at the time of each advance on long-term loan facilities. When selecting a fixed rate, the borrower has the option to choose a fixed rate for a term of one year through the final maturity of the loan. When the selected fixed interest rate term expires, the borrower may select another fixed rate for a term of one year through the remaining loan maturity or the current variable rate. The fixed rate on a loan generally is determined on the day the loan is advanced or repriced based on the term selected. 
 
 Line of Credit Loans 
 
 NCSC also provides revolving line of credit loans to assist borrowers with liquidity and cash management on terms similar to those provided by CFC as described herein. 
 
 RTFC Loan Programs 
 
 RTFC primarily makes long-term loans to rural local exchange carriers or holding companies of rural local exchange carriers for debt refinancing, construction or upgrades of infrastructure, acquisitions and other corporate purposes. Most of these rural telecommunications companies have diversified their operations and also provide broadband services. 
 
 Long-Term Loans 
 
 RTFC s long-term loans generally have the following characteristics: 
 
 terms not exceeding 10 years on a senior secured basis and terms of up to five years on an unsecured basis; 
 amortizing or bullet maturity payment structures; 
 the property, plant and equipment financed by and securing the long-term loan has a useful life generally equal to or in excess of the loan maturity; 
 flexibility for the borrower to select a fixed interest rate for periods from one year to the final loan maturity or a variable interest rate; and 
 the ability for the borrower to select various tranches with either a fixed or variable interest rate for each tranche. 
 
 When a selected fixed interest rate term expires, generally the borrower may select another fixed-rate term or the current variable rate. The fixed rate on a loan is generally determined on the day the loan is advanced or converted to a fixed rate based on the term selected. To borrow from RTFC, a rural telecommunication system generally must be able to demonstrate 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 the ability to achieve and maintain an annual debt service coverage ratio of 1.25. RTFC may make long-term loans to rural telecommunication systems, on a case-by-case basis, that do not meet this general criterion. 
 
 Line of Credit Loans 
 
 RTFC also provides revolving line of credit loans to assist borrowers with liquidity and cash management on terms similar to those provided by CFC as described herein. 
 
 Loan Features and Options 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 As a member-owned cooperative finance organization, CFC is a cost-based lender. As such, our interest rates are set based on a yield that we believe will generate a reasonable level of earnings to cover our cost of funding, general and administrative expenses and provision for credit losses. Long-term fixed rates are set daily for new loan advances and loans that reprice. The fixed rate on each loan is generally determined on the day the loan is advanced or repriced based on the term selected. The variable rate is established monthly. Various standardized discounts may reduce the stated interest rates for borrowers meeting certain criteria related to performance, volume, collateral and equity requirements. 
 
 Conversion Option 
 
 Generally, a borrower may convert a long-term loan from a variable interest rate to a fixed interest rate at any time without a fee and convert a long-term loan from a fixed rate to another fixed rate or to a variable rate at any time generally subject to a make-whole premium. 
 
 Prepayment Option 
 
 Generally, borrowers may prepay long-term fixed-rate loans at any time, subject to payment of an administrative fee and a make-whole premium, and prepay long-term variable-rate loans at any time, subject to payment of an administrative fee. Line of credit loans may be prepaid at any time without a fee. 
 
 Loan Security 
 
 Long-term loans made by CFC typically are senior secured on parity with other secured lenders (primarily RUS), if any, by all assets and revenue of the borrower, subject to standard liens typical in utility mortgages such as those related to taxes, worker s compensation awards, mechanics and similar liens, rights-of-way and governmental rights. We are able to obtain liens on parity with liens for the benefit of RUS because RUS form of mortgage expressly provides for other lenders such as CFC to have a parity lien position if the borrower satisfies certain conditions or obtains a written lien accommodation from RUS. When we make loans to borrowers that have existing loans from RUS, we generally require those borrowers to either obtain such a lien accommodation or satisfy the conditions necessary for our loan to be secured on parity under the mortgage with the loan from RUS. As noted above, CFC line of credit loans generally are unsecured. 
 
 We provide additional information on our loan programs in the sections Item 7. MD A Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis, and Item 7. MD A Credit Risk. 
 
 Guarantee Programs 
 
 When we guarantee our members debt obligations, we use the same credit policies and monitoring procedures for guarantees as for loans. If a member system defaults in its obligation to pay debt service, then we are obligated to pay any required amounts under our guarantees. Meeting our guarantee obligations satisfies the underlying obligation of our member systems and prevents the exercise of remedies by the guarantee beneficiary based upon a payment default by a member system. The member system is required to repay any amount advanced by us with interest pursuant to the documents evidencing the member system s reimbursement obligation. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Letters of Credit 
 
 In exchange for a fee, we issue irrevocable letters of credit to support members obligations to energy marketers, other third parties and to the USDA Rural Business-Cooperative Service. Each letter of credit is supported by a reimbursement agreement with the member on whose behalf the letter of credit was issued. In the event a beneficiary draws on a letter of credit, the agreement generally requires the member to reimburse us within one year from the date of the draw, with interest accruing from the draw date at our line of credit variable interest rate. 
 
 Guarantees of Long-Term Tax-Exempt Bonds 
 
 We guarantee debt issued for our members construction or acquisition of pollution control, solid waste disposal, industrial development and electric distribution facilities. Governmental authorities issue such debt on a nonrecourse basis and the interest thereon is exempt from federal taxation. The proceeds of the offering are made available to the member system, which in turn is obligated to pay the governmental authority amounts sufficient to service the debt. 
 
 If a system defaults for failure to make the debt payments and any available debt service reserve funds have been exhausted, we are obligated to pay scheduled debt service under our guarantee. Such payment will prevent the occurrence of a payment default that would otherwise permit acceleration of the bond issue. The system is required to repay any amount that we advance pursuant to our guarantee plus interest on that advance. This repayment obligation, together with the interest thereon, is typically senior secured on parity with other lenders (including, in most cases, RUS), by a lien on substantially all of the system s assets. If the security instrument is a common mortgage with RUS, then in general, we may not exercise remedies for up to two years following default. However, if the debt is accelerated under the common mortgage because of a determination that the related interest is not tax-exempt, the system s obligation to reimburse us for any guarantee payments will be treated as a long-term loan. The system is required to pay us initial and/or ongoing guarantee fees in connection with these transactions. 
 
 Certain guaranteed long-term debt bears interest at variable rates that are adjusted at intervals of one to 270 days, including weekly, every five weeks or semiannually to a level favorable to their resale or auction at par. If funding sources are available, the member that issued the debt may choose a fixed interest rate on the debt. When the variable rate is reset, holders of variable-rate debt have the right to tender the debt for purchase at par. In some transactions, we have committed to purchase this debt as liquidity provider if it cannot otherwise be remarketed. If we hold the securities, the member cooperative pays us the interest earned on the bonds or interest calculated based on our short-term variable interest rate, whichever is greater. The system is required to pay us stand-by liquidity fees in connection with these transactions. 
 
 Other Guarantees 
 
 We may provide other guarantees as requested by our members. Other guarantees are generally unsecured with guarantee fees payable to us. 
 
 We provide additional information on our guarantee programs and outstanding guarantee amounts as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 in Note 13 Guarantees. 

INVESTMENT POLICY 
 
 We invest funds in accordance with policies adopted by our board of directors. Pursuant to our current investment policy, an Investment Management Committee was established to oversee and administer our investments with the objective of seeking returns consistent with the preservation of principal and to provide a supplementary source of liquidity. The Investment Management Committee may direct funds to be invested in direct obligations of, or obligations guaranteed by, the United States U.S. or agencies thereof and investments in relatively short-term U.S. dollar-denominated fixed-income securities such as government-sponsored enterprises, certain financial institutions in the form of overnight investment products and Eurodollar deposits, bankers acceptances, certificates of deposit, working capital acceptances or other deposits. Other permitted investments include highly rated obligations, such as commercial paper, certain obligations of foreign governments, municipal securities, asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities and certain corporate 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 bonds. In addition, we may invest in overnight or term repurchase agreements. Investments are denominated in U.S. dollars exclusively. All of these investments are subject to requirements and limitations set forth in our board investment policy. 

INDUSTRY 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our rural electric cooperative members operate in the energy sector, which is one of 16 critical infrastructure sectors identified by the U.S. government because the services provided by each sector, all of which have an impact on other sectors, are deemed as essential in supporting and maintaining the overall functioning of the U.S. economy. Rural electric cooperatives are an integral part of the U.S. electric utility industry, a sub-sector of the energy sector. According to a report published in April 2023 by National Rural Electric Cooperative Association NRECA ), electric cooperatives serve as power providers for approximately 42 million people, including over 21.5 million businesses, homes, schools and farms across 48 states. Electric cooperatives provide power to approximately 56 of the nation s land mass. Based on the latest annual data reported by the U.S. Energy Information Administration, a statistical and analytical agency within the U.S. Department of Energy, the electric utility industry had revenue of approximately 422 billion in 2021. 
 
 CFC was established by electric utility cooperatives to serve as a supplemental financing source to RUS loan programs and to mitigate uncertainty related to government funding. CFC aggregates the combined strength of its rural electric member cooperatives to access the public capital markets and other funding sources. CFC works cooperatively with RUS; however, CFC is not a federal agency or a government-sponsored enterprise. CFC meets the financial needs of its rural electric members by: 
 
 providing financing to RUS-eligible rural electric utility systems for infrastructure, including for those facilities that are not eligible for financing from RUS; 
 providing bridge loans required by borrowers in anticipation of receiving RUS funding; 
 providing financial products not otherwise available from RUS, including lines of credit, letters of credit, guarantees on tax-exempt financing, weather-related emergency lines of credit, unsecured loans and investment products such as commercial paper, select notes, medium-term notes and member capital securities; and 
 meeting the financing needs of those rural electric systems that repay or prepay their RUS loans and replace the government loans with private capital. 
 
 Electric Member Operating Environment 
 
 In general, electric cooperatives have not been significantly impacted by the effects of retail deregulation. There were 19 states that had adopted programs that allow consumers to choose their supplier of electricity as of May 31, 2023. Depending on the state, the choices can range from being limited to commercial and industrial consumers to retail choice for all consumers. In most states, cooperatives have been exempted from or have been allowed to opt out of the regulations allowing for competition. In states offering retail competition, it is important to note that while consumers may be able to choose their energy supplier, the electric utility still receives compensation for the necessary service of delivering electricity to consumers through its utility transmission and distribution plant. 
 
 Facilitation of Rural Broadband Expansion by Electric Cooperatives 
 
 Many electric cooperatives are making investments in fiber to support core electric plant communications. Some of these electric cooperatives are leveraging these fiber assets to offer broadband services, either directly or through partnering with local telecommunication companies and others. Over 30 electric cooperatives were awarded approximately 250 million in federal funding through the Connect America Fund Phase II auction CAF II process by the FCC that was held in 2018. The awarded funds are being distributed over a 10-year period. More than 190 electric cooperatives, many of which are already offering or building out projects, were awarded approximately 1.6 billion though the FCC s Rural Development Opportunity Fund RDOF in 2021. Those funds also will be distributed over a 10-year period. As federal and state governments increase funding opportunities for electric cooperatives in order to offer broadband services, we will continue to increase our credit support, which may include loans and/or letters of credit, to borrowers who participate in CAF II, 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 RDOF and other programs designed to increase broadband services in rural areas. CFC began tracking loans for broadband services in October 2017. We estimate, based on information available to us, loans outstanding to our members related to the construction and operation of broadband services increased to approximately 2,355 million as of May 31, 2023, from approximately 1,647 million as of May 31, 2022. 
 
 Regulatory Oversight of Electric Cooperatives 
 
 There are 11 states in which some or all electric cooperatives are subject to state regulatory oversight of their rates and tariffs by state utility commissions and do not have a right to opt out of regulation. Those states are Arizona, Arkansas, Hawaii, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, New Mexico, Vermont, Virginia and West Virginia. Regulatory jurisdiction by state commissions generally includes rate and tariff regulation, the issuance of securities and the enforcement of service territory as provided for by state law. 
 
 The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FERC has regulatory authority over three aspects of electric power, as provided for under Parts II and III of the Federal Power Act FPA ): 
 
 the transmission of electric energy in interstate commerce; 
 the sale of electric energy at wholesale in interstate commerce; and 
 the approval and enforcement of reliability standards affecting all users, owners and operators of the bulk power system. 
 
 In addition, FERC regulates the issuance of securities by public utilities under the FPA in the event the applicable state commission does not. 
 
 Our electric distribution and power supply members are subject to regulation by various federal, regional, state and local authorities with respect to the environmental effects of their operations. At the federal level, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EPA from time to time proposes rulemakings that could force the electric utility industry to incur capital costs to comply with potential new regulations and possibly retire coal-fired generating capacity. Since there are only 11 states in which some or all electric cooperatives are subject to state regulatory oversight of their rates and tariffs, in most cases any associated costs of compliance can be passed on to cooperative consumers without additional regulatory approval. 
 
 On May 11, 2023, the EPA announced proposed new carbon pollution standards for coal and gas-fired power plants. The proposals would set limits for new gas-fired combustion turbines, existing coal, oil and gas-fired steam generating units and certain existing gas-fired combustion turbines. The comment period for the proposed carbon pollution standards ends on August 8, 2023. Once finalized, it is expected that certain states and environmental groups will challenge the standards in federal litigation. 

LENDING COMPETITION 
 
 Overview 
 
 RUS is the largest lender to electric cooperatives, providing them with long-term secured loans. CFC provides financial products and services to its members, primarily in the form of long-term secured and short-term unsecured loans, to supplement RUS financing, to provide loans to members that have elected not to borrow from RUS and to bridge long-term financing provided by RUS. We also offer other financing options, such as credit support in the form of letters of credit and guarantees, loan syndications and loan participations. Our credit products are tailored to meet the specific needs of each borrower, and we often offer specific transaction structures that our competitors do not provide. CFC also offers certain risk-mitigation products and interest rate discounts on secured, long-term loans for its members that meet performance, volume, collateral and equity requirements. 
 
 Primary Lending Competitors 
 
 CFC s primary competitor is CoBank, ACB, a federally chartered instrumentality of the U.S. that is a member of the Farm Credit System. CFC also competes with banks, other financial institutions and the capital markets to provide loans and other financial products to our members. As a result, we are competing with the customer service, pricing and funding options our 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 members are able to obtain from these sources. We attempt to minimize the effect of competition by offering a variety of loan options and value-added services and by leveraging the working relationships developed with the majority of our members over the past 54 years. In addition to leveraging these working relationships, we differentiate ourselves from other financial institutions by focusing on customer service and product flexibility. We also allocate substantially all net earnings to members (i) in the form of patronage capital, which reduces our members effective cost of borrowing, and (ii) through the members capital reserve. The value-added services that we provide include, but are not limited to, benchmarking tools, financial models, publications and various conferences, meetings, facilitation services and training workshops. 
 
 We are not able to specifically identify the amount of debt our members have outstanding to CoBank, ACB from either the annual financial and statistical reports our members file with us or from CoBank, ACB s public disclosure; however, we believe CoBank, ACB is the additional lender, along with CFC and RUS, with significant long-term debt outstanding to rural electric cooperatives. 
 
 Rural Electric Lending Market 
 
 Most of our rural electric borrowers are not-for-profit, private companies owned by the members they serve. As such, there is limited publicly available information to accurately determine the overall size of the rural electric lending market. We utilize the annual financial and statistical reports submitted to us by our members to estimate the overall size of the rural electric lending market. The substantial majority of our members have a fiscal year-end that corresponds with the calendar year-end. Therefore, the annual information we use to estimate the size of the rural electric market is typically based on the calendar year-end rather than CFC s fiscal year-end. 
 
 Based on financial data submitted to us by our electric utility members, we present the long-term debt outstanding to CFC by member class, RUS and other lenders in the electric cooperative industry as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in the table below. The data presented as of December 31, 2022, were based on information reported by 809 distribution systems and 53 power supply systems. The data presented as of December 31, 2021, were based on information reported by 805 distribution systems and 54 power supply systems. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (2) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Debt Outstanding of Total Debt Outstanding of Total Total long-term debt reported by members: (1) 
 Distribution 60,438,522 54,909,778 Power supply 52,088,762 51,000,617 Less: Long-term debt funded by RUS (44,352,405) (41,967,156) Members non-RUS long-term debt 68,174,879 63,943,239 Funding sources of members long-term debt: Long-term debt funded by CFC by member class: Distribution 22,819,506 34 21,287,049 33 Power supply 4,892,268 7 4,791,465 8 Long-term debt funded by CFC 27,711,774 41 26,078,514 41 Long-term debt funded by other lenders 40,463,105 59 37,864,725 59 Members non-RUS long-term debt 68,174,879 100 63,943,239 100 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Reported amounts are based on member-provided financial information, which may not have been subject to audit by an independent accounting firm. 
 (2) Certain amounts as of December 31, 2021 have been updated from the prior period to reflect more current information based on our borrowers audited financial statements. 
 
 While we believe our estimates of the overall size of the rural electric lending market serve as a useful tool in gauging the size of this lending sector, they should be viewed as estimates rather than precise measures as there are certain limitations in our estimation methodology, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Although certain underlying data included in the financial and statistical reports provided to us by members may have been audited by an independent accounting firm, our accumulation of the data from these reports has not been subject to a review for accuracy by an independent accounting firm. 
 The data presented are not necessarily inclusive of all members because in some cases our receipt of annual member financial and statistical reports may be delayed and not received in a timely manner to incorporate into our market estimates. 
 The financial and statistical reports submitted by members include information on indebtedness to RUS, but the reports do not include comprehensive data on indebtedness to other lenders and are not on a consolidated basis. 

REGULATION 
 
 General 
 
 CFC, NCSC and RTFC are not subject to direct federal regulatory oversight or supervision with regard to lending. CFC, NCSC and RTFC are subject to state and local jurisdiction commercial lending and tax laws that pertain to business conducted in each state, including but not limited to lending laws, usury laws and laws governing mortgages. These state and local laws regulate the manner in which we make loans and conduct other types of transactions. The statutes, regulations and policies to which the companies are subject may change at any time. In addition, the interpretation and application by regulators of the laws and regulations to which we are subject may change from time to time. Certain of our contractual arrangements, such as those pertaining to funding obtained through the Guaranteed Underwriter Program, provide for the Federal Financing Bank and RUS to periodically review and assess CFC s compliance with program terms and conditions. 
 
 Derivatives Regulation 
 
 CFC engages in over-the-counter OTC derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps, to hedge interest rate risk. As an end user of derivative financial instruments, CFC is subject to regulations that apply to derivatives generally. The Dodd-Frank Act DFA ), enacted July 2010, resulted in, among other things, comprehensive regulation of the OTC derivatives market. The DFA provides for an extensive framework for the regulation of OTC derivatives, including mandatory clearing, exchange trading and transaction reporting of certain OTC derivatives. Subsequent to the enactment of the DFA, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC issued a final rule, Clearing Exemption for Certain Swaps Entered into by Cooperatives, which created an exemption from mandatory clearing for cooperatives. The CFTC s final rule, Margin Requirements for Uncleared Swaps for Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants, includes an exemption from margin requirements for uncleared swaps for cooperatives that are financial end users. CFC is an exempt cooperative end user of derivative financial instruments and does not participate in the derivatives markets for speculative, trading or investing purposes and does not make a market in derivatives. 

HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 
 CFC s success in providing industry expertise and responsive service to meet the needs of our members across the U.S. is dependent on the quality of service provided by our employees and their relationships with our members. We therefore strive to align our human capital management strategy with our member-focused mission and core values of service, integrity and excellence. Our objectives are (i) to attract, develop and retain a highly qualified workforce with diverse backgrounds and experience in multiple areas whose skills and strengths are consistent with CFC s mission, and (ii) to create an engaged, inclusive and collaborative work culture, which we believe are critical to deliver exceptional service to our members. 
 
 Governance of Human Capital 
 
 CFC s executive leadership team and board of directors work together to provide oversight on most human capital matters. The compensation committee of the board of directors meets quarterly to review updates to our compensation programs, including our salary structure, incentive plans and executive compensation. Our board is provided with periodic updates on 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 succession planning efforts, current human capital management risks and mitigation efforts in addition to any other matters that affect our ability to attract, develop and maintain the talent needed to execute on our corporate objectives. 
 
 Recruiting and Retaining Talent 
 
 As a financial services organization, our recruitment goal is to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce in a highly competitive talent market. We strive to provide both external candidates and internal employees who are seeking a different role with challenging and stimulating career opportunities ranging from entry-level to management and executive positions. 
 
 We use a variety of methods to attract highly talented and engaged professionals, including outreach to local universities, recruitment job boards, including sites focusing on diversity, a referral bonus program and targeted industry-related job posting sites. When appropriate, we engage with recruiting firms to ensure that we have surveyed a broad scope of active and passive candidates for certain critical positions. We strive to ensure that our employment value proposition presented to candidates accurately reflects the features of working for a mission-driven cooperative like CFC so that we can attract individuals who are highly engaged with our vision to be our members most trusted financial resource. 
 
 Because much of our business operations involves significant member-facing interaction with a relatively stable base of long-standing member borrowers, we place a priority on the retention of high-performing employees who have extensive, in-depth experience serving the needs of our members. Our turnover rate for fiscal year 2023 was 9.5 , representing approximately half of the turnover rate from the prior fiscal year in which a higher number of staff retired due to favorable terms available under our group retirement plan as a result of the lower interest rate environment. Our average employee tenure is 8.1 years with more than a quarter of our workforce having 10 or more years of service with CFC. Given the challenges of the current talent market we feel that CFC s employee pool represents a balanced mix of long-term and new staff to serve our members. We welcomed 47 new hires this fiscal year and employed 276 staff members as of May 31, 2023, all of which are located in the U.S. The majority of our workforce are headquartered in Dulles, Virginia. 
 
 Employee Engagement and Development 
 
 As part of our efforts to promote an engaged, inclusive and collaborative workplace culture, we encourage employees to expand their capabilities and enhance their career potential through employer-funded onsite training, external training, tuition assistance and professional events. In fiscal year 2023, CFC employees completed more than 4,000 training hours through our internal corporate development programs and our support of employees enrollment in external professional training opportunities. We seek to tailor our training programs to meet our required skill sets and employee interests, while also addressing key risks and compliance matters. In fiscal year 2023, CFC offered a variety of training opportunities on professional and technical topics such as effective presentations, business writing and data analysis to enhance employees skills. We also require annual ethics and compliance training as well as quarterly cyber security training for all staff. Additionally, our staff created and presented a series of training sessions on each of our internal group s functions and strategic initiatives to promote understanding and engagement across teams. CFC also supports employee development through a company-sponsored Toastmasters chapter, guest speakers from cooperative partners and staff visits to local electric cooperatives to allow employees to learn first-hand how their efforts contribute to our members success. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits Packages 
 
 Attracting, developing, rewarding and retaining high-level talent is a key component of our human capital objectives, so we seek to provide a competitive total rewards package consisting of base pay, an annual incentive opportunity, and benefits packages. CFC s compensation program includes a base salary range structure to provide flexibility in meeting labor market demands and the ability to differentiate pay based on experience and performance. The salary ranges are structured in zones aligned with median market pay for the positions in each zone. We continue to evaluate and make adjustments to our merit increase budget in order to retain and attract exceptional staff in a highly competitive talent market. 
 
 Our annual incentive plan is based on (i) attainment of our targeted corporate scorecard goals as established at the beginning of the fiscal year and (ii) individual performance ratings from our annual review process. Attainment of the annual scorecard goals requires the collective engagement and effort of employees across the company, which we believe incentivizes teamwork and fosters a collaborative working environment. The individual performance component enables the organization 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 to differentiate a portion of the incentive compensation, which demonstrates the value of a high-performance culture on behalf of our members. 
 
 The employee benefits components of our Total Rewards package include vacation and leave programs; health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance coverage; and flexible spending and health savings plans, most of which are funded in whole or in part by CFC. We make investments in the future financial security of our employees by offering retirement plans that consist of a 401(k) plan with a company match component and an employer-funded defined benefit retirement plan in which CFC makes an annual contribution in an amount that approximates 18 of each employee s base salary, which we believe helps in our efforts to engage employees, retain high-performing employees and reduce turnover. We also offer programs and resources intended to promote work-life balance, assist in navigating life events and improve employee well-being, such as flexible work schedules, remote work options, an employee assistance program, legal insurance and identity theft coverage services. In fiscal year 2023 we added a paid parental leave program and several well-being and mental health-related resources to support our employees. 
 
 Open-Door Communications 
 
 CFC maintains a strong focus on our core value of integrity in pursuit of our mission. To promote open communication, we maintain an open-door policy and provide multiple avenues for employees to voice their concerns and offer suggestions. Employees are encouraged to report any issues to their manager, senior vice president, corporate compliance, human resources or our corporate ethics helpline. All new employees receive Code of Conduct Business Ethics training, and all employees complete an annual Code of Conduct Business Ethics training to foster a culture of integrity and accountability. 

CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY 
 
 For more than half a century, CFC has helped electric cooperatives provide essential services to rural America. Since their creation in the 1930s to bring electricity to rural homes, electric cooperatives have been essential to the economic vitality and quality of life in communities nationwide, including those in persistent poverty counties. 
 
 As a value-based, financial services cooperative, CFC is engaged in sustaining our environment across multiple fronts from our Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design LEED Gold-certified building and 42-acre ecofriendly campus that serves as CFC s headquarters, to the renewable energy projects we ve helped finance for the electric cooperative network. CFC s members are moving forward with renewable energy adoption, and we continue to support them by funding renewable energy initiatives that will help build out greater renewable infrastructure in the United States. CFC had outstanding loans to developers of renewable energy projects that benefit members totaling approximately 268 million and 193 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 CFC has developed a Sustainability Bond Framework, which aligns with the Sustainability Bond Guidelines SBG ), as administered by the International Capital Markets Association ICMA ), under which we can issue sustainability bonds and use the proceeds to finance or refinance projects to enhance access to broadband services and renewable energy projects that provide positive environmental and social impact in rural America. CFC issued its first sustainability bond with an aggregate principal amount of 400 million in October 2020, the first sustainability bond issued for the electric cooperative industry, and its second sustainability bond with an aggregate principal amount of 400 million in August 2022. Today, CFC is proud to support electric cooperatives by providing approximately 2,355 million in outstanding loans to support broadband expansion. These efforts have opened new opportunities in many rural communities by providing first ever access to affordable high-speed internet services. 
 
 True to our core values of service, integrity and excellence, CFC continues to help electric cooperatives support the communities that created them, whether it s through contributions from the CFC Educational Fund or helping them access capital from the USDA s Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant REDL G program, which fosters economic developme nt. Over the past 20 years, CFC has c ontributed an estimate d 222 m illion to the REDL G program. 
 
 CFC and electric cooperatives operate under seven cooperative principles: open and voluntary membership; democratic member control; members economic participation; autonomy and independence; education, training and information; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 cooperation among cooperatives; and concern for community. Through our Commitment to Excellence workshops, CFC has trained electric cooperative directors and executive staff on governance best practices, including how electric cooperative leaders should demonstrate principled leadership, financial stewardship, and effective governance and management risk oversight. 
 
 With these efforts, CFC empowers electric cooperatives to fulfill their historic mission of service and contribute to sustainability efforts. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
 Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to these reports, are available for free at www.nrucfc.coop as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). These reports also are available for free on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Information posted on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity are subject to various risks and uncertainties, some of which are inherent in the financial services industry and others of which are more specific to our own business. The discussion below addresses the most significant risks, of which we are currently aware, that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, other risks and uncertainties, including those not currently known to us, could also negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Therefore, the following should not be considered a complete discussion of all the risks and uncertainties we may face. For information on how we manage our key risks, see Item 7. MD A Enterprise Risk Management. You should consider the following risks together with all of the other information in this report. 
 
 RISK FACTORS 
 
 Credit Risks 
 
 We are subject to credit risk given that borrowers may not be able to meet their contractual obligations in accordance with agreed-upon terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Because we lend primarily to U.S. rural electric utility systems, we also are inherently subject to single-industry and single-obligor concentration risks. 
 As a lender, our primary credit risk arises from the extension of credit to borrowers. Our loan portfolio, which represents the largest component of assets on our balance sheet, accounts for the substantial majority of our credit risk exposure. Loans outstanding to electric utility organizations represented approximately 99 of our total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023. We had 884 borrowers with loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023, and our 20 largest borrowers accounted for 20 of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023. The largest total exposure to a single borrower or controlled group represented 1 of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023. Texas historically has had the largest number of borrowers with loans outstanding and the largest loan concentration in any one state. Loans outstanding to Texas borrowers represented 17 of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 We face the risk that the principal of, or interest on, a loan will not be paid on a timely basis or at all or that the value of any underlying collateral securing a loan will be insufficient to cover our outstanding exposure. A deterioration in the financial condition of a borrower or underlying collateral could impair the ability of a borrower to repay a loan or our ability to recover unpaid amounts from the underlying collateral. We maintain an internal borrower risk rating system in which we assign a rating to each borrower and credit facility that are intended to reflect the ability of a borrower to repay its obligations and assess the probability of default and loss given default. The borrower risk rating system comprises both quantitative metrics and qualitative considerations. Each component is risk weighted in accordance with its importance. Unforeseen events and developments that affect specific borrowers or that occur in a region where we have a high concentration of credit risk may result in risk rating downgrades. Such an event may result in an increase: in the allowance for credit losses; delinquent, nonperforming and criticized loans; net charge-offs; and our credit risk. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 We establish an allowance for credit losses based on management s current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining life of the loans in our portfolio. Because the process for determining our allowance for credit losses requires informed judgments about the ability of borrowers to repay their loans, we identify the estimation of our allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estimate. Our borrower risk ratings are a key input in establishing our allowance for credit losses. Therefore, the deterioration in the financial condition of a borrower may result in a significant increase in our allowance for credit losses and provision for credit losses and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, we might underestimate expected credit losses and have credit losses in excess of the established allowance for credit losses if we fail to timely identify a deterioration in a borrower s financial condition or due to other factors. These other factors include if the methodology and process we use in assigning borrower risk ratings and making judgments in extending credit to our borrowers does not accurately capture the level of our credit risk exposure or our historical loss experience proves to be not indicative of our expected future losses. 
 
 Adverse changes, developments or uncertainties in the rural electric utility industry could adversely impact the operations or financial performance of our member electric cooperatives, which, in turn, could have an adverse impact on our financial results. 
 Our focus as a member-owned finance cooperative is on lending to our rural member electric utility cooperatives, which is the primary source of our revenue. As a result of lending primarily to our members, we have a loan portfolio with single-industry concentration. Loans to rural electric utility cooperatives accounted for approximately 99 of our total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023. While we historically have experienced limited defaults and very low credit losses in our electric utility loan portfolio, factors that may have a negative impact on the operations of our member rural electric cooperatives include but are not limited to, the price and availability of distributed energy resources, regulatory or compliance factors related to managing greenhouse gas em issions (including the potential for stranded assets), and extreme weather conditions, including weather conditions related to climate change. The factors listed above, individually or in combination, could result in declining sales or increased power supply and operating costs and could potentially cause a deterioration in the financial performance of our members and the value of the collateral securing their loans. This could impair their ability to repay us in accordance with the terms of their loans. In such case, it may lead to risk rating downgrades, which may result in an increase in our allowance for credit losses and a decrease in our net income. 
 
 The threat of weather-related events or shifts in climate patterns resulting from climate change, including, but not limited to, increases in storm intensity, number of intense storms and temperature extremes in areas in which our member rural electric cooperatives operate, could result in increased power supply and operating costs, adversely impacting our members results of operations, liquidity and ability to make payments to us. While we believe our members would largely be reimbursed by Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA relief programs for storm-related damages, such programs may not be implemented in their current forms or payments may not be received on a timely basis. For increased power costs, although we believe our members have the ability to pass through increased costs to their members, in some cases it may be difficult to pass through the entire costs on a timely basis if they are significant. To the extent CFC makes bridge loans to members as they wait for FEMA payments, changes to FEMA programs or delays in payments from FEMA could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial condition. Additionally, our member rural electric cooperatives are subject to evolving local, state and federal laws, regulations and expectations regarding the environment. These requirements and expectations may i ncrease the time and costs of efforts to monitor and comply with such obligations and expose them to liability. The impacts of climate change present nota ble risks, including damage to the assets of our members, which could adversely impact the quality of our loan portfolio and our financial condition. 
 
 Advances in technology may change the way electricity is generated and transmitted or the way broadband is deployed, which could adversely affect the business operations of our members and negatively impact the credit quality of our loan portfolio and financial results. 
 Advances in technology could reduce demand for power supply systems and distribution services. The development of alternative technologies that produce electricity, including solar cells, wind power and microturbines, has expanded and could ultimately provide affordable alternative sources of electricity and permit end users to adopt distributed generation systems that would allow them to generate electricity for their own use. As these and other technologies, including energy conservation measures, are created, developed and improved, the quantity and frequency of electricity usage by rural customers could decli ne. As with any internet service provider, rural electric cooperatives may face the risk of being outpaced by technological advancements. While fiber broadband is currently a leading technology, the rise of 5G satellite internet, and other emerging technology, could potentially disrupt the broadband market. Advan ces in technology and 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 conservation that cause our electric system members power supply, transmission and/or distribution facilities to become obsolete prior to the maturity of loans secured by these assets could have an adverse impact on the ability of our members to repay such loans, which could result in an increase in nonperforming or restructured loans. These conditions could negatively impact the credit quality of our loan portfolio and financial results. 
 
 We may obtain entities or other assets through foreclosure, which would subject us to the same performance and financial risks as any other owner or operator of similar businesses or assets. 
 As a financial institution, from time to time we may obtain entities and assets of borrowers in default through foreclosure proceedings. If we become the owner and operator of entities or assets obtained through foreclosure, we are subject to the same performance and financial risks as any other owner or operator of similar assets or entities. In particular, the value of the foreclosed assets or entities may deteriorate and have a negative impact on our results of operations. We assess foreclosed assets, if any, for impairment periodically as required under generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. U.S. GAAP. Impairment charges, if required, represent a reduction to earnings in the period of the charge. There may be substantial judgment used in the determination of whether such assets are impaired and in the calculation of the amount of the impairment. In addition, when foreclosed assets are sold to a third party, the sale price we receive may be below the amount previously recorded in our financial statements, which will result in a loss being recorded in the period of the sale. 
 
 The nonperformance of our derivative counterparties could impair our financial results. 
 We use interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk. There is a risk that the counterparties to these agreements will not perform as agreed, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The nonperformance of a counterparty on an agreement would result in the derivative no longer being an effective risk-management tool, which could negatively affect our overall interest rate risk position. In addition, if a counterparty fails to perform on a derivative obligation, we could incur a financial loss to replace the derivative with another counterparty and/or a loss through the failure of the counterparty to pay us amounts owed. After taking into consideration master netting agreements for our interest rate swaps, we were in a net receivable position of 349 million and a net payable position of 3 million as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 A decline in our credit rating could trigger payments under our derivative agreements, which could impair our financial results. 
 We have certain interest rate swaps that contain credit risk-related contingent features referred to as rating triggers. Under certain rating triggers, if the credit rating for either counterparty falls to the level specified in the agreement, the other counterparty may, but is not obligated to, terminate the agreement. If either counterparty terminates the agreement, a net payment may be due from one counterparty to the other based on the prevailing fair value, excluding credit risk, of the underlying derivative instrument. In the event that we are required to make a payment as a result of a rating trigger, it could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. These rating triggers are based on our senior unsecured credit ratings by Moody s Investors Service Moody s and S P Global Inc. S P ). Based on our interest rate swap agreements subject to rating triggers, if our senior unsecured ratings fell below Baa2 by Moody s or below BBB by S P and the agreements were consequently terminated as of May 31, 2023, all agreements for which we owe amounts when netted for each counterparty pursuant to a master netting agreement were in a net payable position of approximately 3 million as of that date. 
 
 Liquidity Risks 
 
 If we are unable to access the capital markets or other external sources for funding, our liquidity position may be negatively affected and we may not have sufficient funds to meet all of our financial obligations as they become due. 
 We depend on access to the capital markets and other sources of financing, such as repurchase agreements, bank revolving credit agreements, investments from our members, private debt issuances through Farmer Mac and through the Guaranteed Underwriter Program, to fund new loan advances, refinance our long- and short-term debt and, if necessary, to fulfill our obligations under our guarantee and repurchase agreements. Prolonged market disruptions, downgrades to our long-term and/or short-term debt ratings, adverse changes in our business or performance, downturns in the electric industry and other events over which we have no control may deny or limit our access to the capital markets and/or subject us to higher costs for such funding. Our access to other sources of funding also could be limited by the same factors, by adverse changes in the business or performance of our members, by the banks committed to our revolving credit agreements or Farmer Mac, or by changes in federal law or the Guaranteed Underwriter Program. Our funding needs are determined primarily by scheduled 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 short- and long-term debt maturities and the amount of our loan advances to our borrowers relative to the scheduled payment amortization of loans previously made by us. If we are unable to timely issue debt in the capital markets or obtain funding from other sources, we may not have the funds to meet all of our obligations as they become due. 
 
 A reduction in the credit ratings for our debt could adversely affect our liquidity and/or cost of debt. 
 Our credit ratings are important to maintaining our liquidity position. We currently contract with three nationally recognized statistical rating organizations to receive ratings for our secured and unsecured debt and our commercial paper. In order to access the commercial paper markets at current levels, we believe that we need to maintain our short-term ratings at the current level from Moody s, S P and Fitch. Changes in rating agencies rating methodology, actions by governmental entities or others, deterioration in the credit quality of our loan portfolios, increased leverage and other factors could adversely affect the credit ratings on our debt. A reduction in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity, increase our borrowing costs or limit our access to the capital markets and the sources of financing available to us. A significant increase in our cost of borrowings and interest expense could impact our competitive position within the industry. 
 
 Our ability to maintain compliance with the covenants related to our revolving credit agreements, collateral trust bond and medium-term note indentures and debt agreements could affect our ability to retire patronage capital, result in the acceleration of the repayment of certain debt obligations, adversely impact our credit ratings and hinder our ability to obtain financing. 
 We must maintain compliance with all covenants and conditions related to our revolving credit agreements and debt indentures. We are required to maintain a minimum average adjusted times interest earned ratio adjusted TIER for the six most recent fiscal quarters of 1.025 and an adjusted leverage ratio of no more than 10-to-1. In addition, we must maintain loans pledged as collateral for various debt issuances at or below 150 of the related secured debt outstanding as a condition to borrowing under our revolving credit agreements. If we were unable to borrow under the revolving credit agreements, our short-term debt ratings would likely decline, and our ability to issue commercial paper could become significantly impaired. Our revolving credit agreements also require that we earn a minimum annual adjusted TIER of 1.05 in order to retire patronage capital to members. See Item 7. MD A Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Pursuant to our collateral trust bond indentures, we are required to maintain eligible pledged collateral at least equal to 100 of the principal amount of the bonds issued under the indenture. Pursuant to one of our collateral trust bond indentures and our medium-term note indenture, we are required to limit senior indebtedness to 20 times the sum of our members equity, subordinated deferrable debt and members subordinated certificates. If we were in default under our collateral trust bond or medium-term note indentures, the existing holders of these securities have the right to accelerate the repayment of the full amount of the outstanding debt of the security before the stated maturity of such debt. That acceleration of debt repayments poses a significant liquidity risk, as we might not have enough cash or committed credit available to repay the debt. In addition, if we are not in compliance with the collateral trust bond and medium-term note covenants, we would be unable to issue new debt securities under such indentures. If we were unable to issue new collateral trust bonds and medium-term notes, our ability to fund new loan advances and refinance maturing debt would be impaired. 
 
 We are required to pledge eligible distribution system or power supply system loans as collateral equal to at least 100 of the outstanding balance of debt issued under a revolving note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac. We also are required to pledge distribution or power supply loans as collateral equal to at least 100 of the outstanding balance of debt under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program. Collateral coverage less than 100 for either of these debt programs constitutes an event of default, which if not cured within 30 days, could result in creditors accelerating the repayment of the outstanding debt principal before the stated maturity. An acceleration of the repayment of debt could pose a liquidity risk if we had insufficient cash or committed credit available to repay the debt. In addition, we would be unable to issue new debt securities under the applicable debt agreement, which could impair our ability to fund new loan advances and refinance maturing debt. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Market Risks 
 
 Changes in the level and direction of interest rates or our ability to successfully manage interest rate risk could adversely affect our financial results and condition. 
 Our primary strategies for managing interest rate risk include the use of derivatives in order to manage the timing of cash flows between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. We face the risk that changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income and our earnings. Fluctuations in interest rates, including changes in the relationship between short-term rates and long-term rates, may affect the pricing of loans to borrowers and our cost of funds, which could adversely affect the difference between the interest that we earn on assets and the interest we pay on liabilities used to fund assets. Such changes may also result in increased costs to hedge existing interest rate risk, which may have an adverse impact on the net interest income, earnings and cash flows. See Item 7. MD A Market Risk for additional information. 
 
 The Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR is a relatively new reference rate with limited historical performance and composition and characteristics that differ from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). We may be adversely affected by developments in the SOFR market or changes in the methods by which SOFR is determined. 
 In March 2021, the United Kingdom s Financing Conduct Authority and the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration, the administrator for LIBOR, concurrently announced that certain settings of LIBOR would no longer be published on a representative basis after December 31, 2021, and the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would no longer be published on a representative basis after June 30, 2023. In the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2021, we began entering into transactions that reference SOFR, and as of June 30, 2023, substantially all of our contracts and financial instruments that previously referenced LIBOR have been transitioned to SOFR. The publication of SOFR began in April 2018 and has a very limited history. Since its publication began in 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or other market rates. Accordingly, the future performance of SOFR, including how changes in SOFR rates may differ from other rates during different economic conditions, cannot be predicted based on the limited historical performance. Further, we cannot predict how SOFR will perform in comparison to LIBOR in changing market conditions, what the effect of such rate s implementation may be on the markets for floating-rate financial instruments or whether such rates will be vulnerable to manipulation. While we have updated our risk and pricing models, valuation tools and information technology systems to account for SOFR, we cannot predict whether further changes will be required in the future. 
 
 Operations and Business Risks 
 
 Damage to our reputation could harm our business, including our ability to attract highly skilled employees and our competitive position. 
 Our ability to attract business from our members and investors as well as our ability to attract highly skilled employees is impacted by our reputation. Harm to our reputation can be attributed to various sources including, but not limited to, actual or perceived activities such as fraud, misconduct or unethical behavior of our officers, directors, employees, contractors and other representatives. Further, reputation damage may result from human error or systems failures viewed as having harmed our customers without involving misconduct, including service disruptions or negative perceptions regarding our ability to maintain the security of our technology systems and protect member data. Negative publicity concerning actual or alleged conduct in activities such as lending practices, data security, corporate governance and failure to deliver minimum or required standards of service or quality may result in negative public opinion and may damage our reputation, which could result in the loss of business. 
 
 Breaches of our information technology systems, or those managed by third parties, may damage relationships with our members or subject us to reputational, financial, legal or operational consequences. 
 
 Cyber-related attacks pose a risk to the security of our members strategic business information and the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which include strategic and proprietary information. This risk continues to increase and attack methods continue to evolve in sophistication, velocity, and frequency. Security breaches may occur from a variety of sources, such as foreign governments, hacktivists, or other well-financed entities, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world. Employee errors, malfeasance, technology failures and other irregularities may also contribute to these events.. Any such breach or unauthorized access can result in a loss of this information, a loss of integrity of this information, a delay or inability to provide service of affected products to our members, damage to our reputation, including a loss of 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 confidence in the security of our products and services, and significant legal and financial exposure. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. As a result, cyber-related attacks may remain undetected for an extended period and may be costly to remediate. 
 
 Our business depends on the reliable and secure operation of computer systems, network infrastructure and other information technology managed by third parties including, but not limited to, our service providers for external storage and processing of our information on cloud-based systems; our consulting and advisory firms and contractors that have access to our confidential and proprietary data; and administrators for our employee payroll and benefits management. We have limited control and visibility over third-party systems that we rely on for our business. The occurrence of a cyber-related attack, breach, unauthorized access or other cybersecurity event could result in damage to our third parties operations. The failure of third parties to provide services agreed upon through service-level agreements, whether as a result of the occurrence of a cyber-related attack or other event, could result in the loss of access to our data, the loss of integrity of our data, disruptions to our corporate functions, loss of business opportunities or reputational damage, or otherwise adversely impact our financial results and cause significant costs and liabilities. 
 
 While CFC maintains insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions, covers certain aspects of cyber risks, including business interruptions caused by cyber-related attacks on information technology systems managed by third parties, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations regarding data security and privacy could result in fines, sanctions and litigation. Additionally, new regulation in the areas of data security and privacy may increase our costs and our members costs. 
 
 Our elected directors also serve as officers or directors of certain of our individual member cooperatives, which may result in a potential conflict of interest with respect to loans, guarantees and extensions of credit that we may make to or on behalf of such member cooperatives. 
 In accordance with our charter documents and the purpose for which we were formed, we lend only to our members and associates. CFC s directors are elected or appointed from our membership, with 10 director positions filled by directors of members, 10 director positions filled by general managers or chief executive officers of members, two positions appointed by NRECA and one at-large position that must, among other things, be a director, financial officer, general manager or chief executive of one of our members. CFC currently has loans outstanding to members that are affiliated with CFC directors and may periodically extend new loans to such members. The relationship of CFC s directors to our members may give rise to conflicts of interests from time to time. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons for a description of our policies with regard to approval of loans to members affiliated with CFC directors. 
 
 Natural or man-made disasters, including widespread health emergencies, or other external events beyond our control such as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our operations may be subject to disruption due to the occurrence of natural disasters, acts of terrorism or war, such as the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, public health emergencies, such as a reemergence of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other unexpected or disastrous conditions, events or emergencies beyond our control, some of which may be intensified by the effects of a government response to the event, or climate change. 
 
 Labor shortages and supply chain complications exacerbated by, among other things, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions and export controls against Russia, has contributed to rising inflationary pressures. General inflation in the United States has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. Rising energy prices, interest rates and wages, among other things, may increase our operating costs as well as both the operating and borrowing costs of our members and disrupt our business. 
 
 Although we have implemented a business continuity management program that we enhance on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that the program will adequately mitigate the risks of business disruptions. Further, events such as natural disasters and public health emergencies may divert our attention away from normal operations and limit necessary resources. We generally must resume operations promptly following any interruption. If we were to suffer a disruption or interruption and were not able to resume normal operations within a period consistent with industry standards, our business, 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected in a material manner. In addition, depending on the nature and duration of the disruption or interruption, we might become vulnerable to fraud, additional expense or other losses, or to a loss of business. 
 
 Competition from other lenders could adversely impact our financial results. 
 We compete with other lenders for the portion of the rural utility loan demand for which RUS will not lend and for loans to members that have elected not to borrow from RUS. The primary competition for the non-RUS loan volume is from CoBank, ACB, a federally chartered instrumentality of the U.S. that is a member of the Farm Credit System. As a government-sponsored enterprise, CoBank, ACB has the benefit of an implied government guarantee with respect to its funding. Competition may limit our ability to raise rates to adequately cover increases in costs, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, and increasing interest rates to cover costs could cause a reduction in new lending business. 
 
 The failure to attract, retain or motivate highly skilled and qualified employees could impair our ability to successfully execute our strategic plan and otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 We rely on our employees depth of knowledge of CFC and its related industries to run our business operations successfully. Because much of our business operations involve significant member-facing interaction with a relatively stable base of long-standing member borrowers, we place a priority on the retention of high-performing employees with extensive experience in the rural utility industry. Our ability to implement our strategic plan and our future success depends on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled and qualified employees. The failure to attract or retain, including due to retirement, or replace a sufficient number of appropriately skilled and key employees could place us at a significant competitive disadvantage and prevent us from successfully implementing our strategy. Further, the marketplace for skilled employees is becoming more competitive, which means the cost of hiring, incentivizing and retaining skilled employees may continue to increase. The failure to attract, retain or motivate skilled employees, along with the increased costs, could impair our ability to achieve our performance targets and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory and Compliance Risks 
 
 Loss of our tax-exempt status could adversely affect our earnings. 
 CFC has been recognized by the Internal Revenue Service as an organization for which income is exempt from federal taxation under Section 501(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code (other than any net income from an unrelated trade or business). In order to maintain CFC s tax-exempt status, it must continue to operate exclusively for the promotion of social welfare by operating on a cooperative basis for the benefit of its members by providing them cost-based financial products and services consistent with sound financial management, and no part of CFC s net earnings may inure to the benefit of any private shareholder or individual other than the allocation or return of net earnings or capital to its members in accordance with CFC s bylaws and incorporating statute in effect in 1996. 
 
 If CFC were to lose its status as a 501(c)(4) organization, it would become a taxable cooperative and would be required to pay income tax based on its taxable income. If this event occurred, we would evaluate all options available to modify CFC s structure and/or operations to minimize any potential tax liability. 
 
 As a tax-exempt cooperative and nonbank financial institution, our lending activities are not subject to the regulations and oversight of U.S. financial regulators such as the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or the Office of Comptroller of Currency. Because we are not under the purview of such regulation, we could engage in activities that could expose us to greater credit, market and liquidity risk, reduce our safety and soundness and adversely affect our financial results. 
 Financial institutions subject to regulations, oversight and monitoring by U.S. financial regulators are required to maintain specified levels of capital and may be restricted from engaging in certain lending-related and other activities that could adversely affect the safety and soundness of the financial institution or are considered conflicts of interest. As a tax-exempt, nonbank financial institution, we are not subject to the same oversight and supervision. There is no federal financial regulator that monitors compliance with our risk policies and practices or that identifies and addresses potential deficiencies 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 that could adversely affect our financial results. Without regulatory oversight and monitoring, there is a greater potential for us to engage in activities that could pose a risk to our safety and soundness relative to regulated financial institutions. 
 
 Changes in accounting standards or assumptions in applying accounting policies could materially impact our financial statements. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported carrying amount of our assets or liabilities and our results of operations. We consider the accounting policies that require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain as our most critical accounting estimates. The use of reasonably different estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our financial statements or if the assumptions, estimates or judgments were incorrectly made, we could be required to correct and restate prior-period financial statements. In addition, from time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB and the SEC change the accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how CFC records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. We could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently, on a retroactive basis, in each case potentially resulting in restating prior-period financial statements. For information on what we consider to be our most critical accounting estimates and recent accounting changes, see Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates and Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies New Accounting Standards to our consolidated financial statements. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 CFC owns an office building, with approximately 141,000 gross square footage, in Loudoun County, Virginia, that serves as its headquarters. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 From time to time, CFC is subject to certain legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including litigation with borrowers related to enforcement or collection actions. Management presently believes that the ultimate outcome of these proceedings, individually and in the aggregate, will not materially harm our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. CFC establishes reserves for specific legal matters when it determines that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the loss is reasonably estimable. Accordingly, no reserve has been recorded with respect to any legal proceedings at this time. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 22 

Table of Con tent s 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 Our financial statements include the consolidated accounts of CFC, NCSC and RTFC. Our principal operations are currently organized for management reporting purposes into three business segments, which ar e based on the accounts of each of the legal entities included in our consolidated financial statements: CFC, NCSC and RTFC. We provide information on the business structure, mission, principal purpose and core business activities of each of these entities under Item 1. Business. Unless stated otherwise, references to we, our or us relate to CFC and its consolidated entities. 
 
 The following MD A is intended to enhance the understanding of our consolidated financial statements by providing material information that we believe is relevant in evaluating our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the potential impact of material known events or uncertainties that, based on management s assessment, are reasonably likely to cause the financial information included in this Report not to be necessarily indicative of our future financial performance. Management monitors a variety of key indicators and metrics to evaluate our business performance. We discuss these key measures and factors influencing changes from period to period. Our MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 fiscal year 2023 included in this Report and additional information contained elsewhere in this Report, including the risk factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

SUMMARY OF SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 
 In addition to financial measures determined in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States U.S. GAAP ), management also evaluates performance based on certain non-GAAP financial measures and metrics, which we refer to as adjusted measures. Our key non-GAAP financial measures are adjusted net income, adjusted net interest income, adjusted interest expense, adjusted net interest yield, adjusted times interest earned ratio TIER and adjusted debt-to-equity ratio. The most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures are net income, net interest income, interest expense, net interest yield, TIER and debt-to-equity ratio, respectively. The primary adjustments we make to calculate these non-GAAP financial measures consist of (i) adjusting interest expense and net interest income to include the impact of net periodic derivative cash settlements income (expense) amounts; (ii) adjusting net income, total liabilities and total equity to exclude the non-cash impact of the accounting for derivative financial instruments; (iii) adjusting total liabilities to exclude the amount that funds CFC member loans guaranteed by RUS, subordinated deferrable debt and members subordinated certificates; and (iv) adjusting total equity to include subordinated deferrable debt and members subordinated certificates and exclude cumulative derivative forward value gains and losses and accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI ). 
 
 We believe our non-GAAP financial measures, whic h should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures determined in conformity with U.S. GAAP, provide meaningful information and are useful to investors because management evaluates performance based on these metrics for purposes of (i) establishing short- and long-term performance goals; (ii) budgeting and forecasting; (iii) comparing period-to-period operating results, analyzing changes in results and identifying potential trends; and (iv) making compensation decisions. In addition, certain of the financial covenants in our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements and debt indentures are based on non-GAAP financial measures, as the forward fair value gains and losses related to our interest rate swaps that are excluded from our non-GAAP financial measures do not affect our cash flows, liquidity or ability to service our debt. Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies due to differences in the way that these measures are calculated. 
 
 We provide a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures in the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Table 1 provides a summary of selected financial data and key metrics used by management in evaluating performance for each fiscal year in the five-year period ended May 31, 2023. 
 23 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 1: Summary of Selected Financial Data (1) 
 Change Year Ended May 31, 2023 vs. 2022 vs. (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2022 2021 Statements of operations Net interest income: Interest income 1,351,729 1,141,243 1,116,601 1,151,286 1,135,670 18 2 Interest expense (1,036,508) (705,534) (702,063) (821,089) (836,209) 47 Net interest income 315,221 435,709 414,538 330,197 299,461 (28) 5 Fee and other income 18,134 17,193 18,929 22,961 15,355 5 (9) Total revenue 333,355 452,902 433,467 353,158 314,816 (26) 4 Benefit (provision) for credit losses (603) 17,972 (28,507) (35,590) 1,266 Derivative gains (losses): Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) (2) 
 33,577 (101,385) (115,645) (55,873) (43,611) (12) Derivative forward value gains (losses) (3) 
 252,267 557,867 621,946 (734,278) (319,730) (55) (10) Derivative gains (losses) 285,844 456,482 506,301 (790,151) (363,341) (37) (10) Other non-interest income (loss) (4,974) (30,179) 1,495 9,431 (1,799) (84) Operating expenses (4) 
 (109,631) (95,186) (94,705) (101,167) (93,166) 15 1 Other non-interest expense (1,604) (2,306) (3,075) (26,271) (8,775) (30) (25) Income (loss) before income taxes 502,387 799,685 814,976 (590,590) (150,999) (37) (2) Income tax benefit (provision) (800) (1,148) (998) 1,160 (211) (30) 15 Net income (loss) 501,587 798,537 813,978 (589,430) (151,210) (37) (2) Adjusted statements of operations measures Interest income 1,351,729 1,141,243 1,116,601 1,151,286 1,135,670 18 2 Interest expense (1,036,508) (705,534) (702,063) (821,089) (836,209) 47 Include: Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) (2) 
 33,577 (101,385) (115,645) (55,873) (43,611) (12) Adjusted interest expense (5) 
 (1,002,931) (806,919) (817,708) (876,962) (879,820) 24 (1) Adjusted net interest income (5) 
 348,798 334,324 298,893 274,324 255,850 4 12 Net income (loss) 501,587 798,537 813,978 (589,430) (151,210) (37) (2) Exclude: Derivative forward value gains (losses) (3) 
 252,267 557,867 621,946 (734,278) (319,730) (55) (10) Adjusted net income (5) 
 249,320 240,670 192,032 144,848 168,520 4 25 Profitability ratios Times interest earned ratio (TIER) (6) 
 1.48 2.13 2.16 0.28 0.82 (31) (1) Adjusted TIER (5) 
 1.25 1.30 1.23 1.17 1.19 (4) 6 Net interest yield (7) 
 0.98 1.46 1.47 1.21 1.14 (48) bps (1) bps Adjusted net interest yield (5)(8) 
 1.08 1.12 1.06 1.00 0.97 (4) 6 Credit quality ratios Net charge-off rate (9) 
 0.05 5 bps 
 
 24 

Table of Con tent s 

 Change Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 vs. 2022 vs. 2021 Balance sheets Assets: Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 207,237 161,114 303,361 680,019 186,204 29 (47) Investment securities 510,369 599,904 611,277 370,135 652,977 (15) (2) Loans to members (10) 
 32,532,086 30,063,386 28,426,961 26,702,380 25,916,904 8 6 Allowance for credit losses (11) 
 (53,094) (67,560) (85,532) (53,125) (17,535) (21) (21) Loans to members, net 32,478,992 29,995,826 28,341,429 26,649,255 25,899,369 8 6 Total assets 34,012,060 31,251,382 29,638,363 28,157,605 27,124,372 9 5 Liabilities and equity: Short-term borrowings 4,546,275 4,981,167 4,582,096 3,961,985 3,607,726 (9) 9 Long-term debt 23,946,548 21,545,440 20,603,123 19,712,024 19,210,793 11 5 Subordinated deferrable debt 1,283,436 986,518 986,315 986,119 986,020 30 Members subordinated certificates 1,223,126 1,234,161 1,254,660 1,339,618 1,357,129 (1) (2) Total debt outstanding 30,999,385 28,747,286 27,426,194 25,999,746 25,161,668 8 5 Total liabilities 31,422,811 29,109,413 28,238,484 27,508,783 25,820,490 8 3 Total equity 2,589,249 2,141,969 1,399,879 648,822 1,303,882 21 53 Adjusted balance sheets measures Adjusted total liabilities (5) 
 28,678,302 26,629,324 25,273,384 23,777,823 22,931,626 8 5 Adjusted total equity (5) 
 4,751,712 4,270,476 4,106,172 4,061,411 3,999,164 11 4 Members equity (5) 
 2,211,092 2,019,952 1,836,135 1,707,770 1,626,847 9 10 
 Debt ratios Debt-to-equity ratio (12) 
 12.14 13.59 20.17 42.40 19.80 (11) (33) Adjusted debt-to-equity ratio (5) 
 6.04 6.24 6.15 5.85 5.73 (3) 1 Liquidity coverage ratio (13) 
 1.03 0.99 0.99 1.17 1.32 4 Credit quality ratios Nonperforming loans ratio (14) 
 0.27 0.76 0.84 0.63 (49) bps (8) bps Criticized loans ratio (15) 
 0.99 1.65 3.12 1.39 0.78 (66) (147) Allowance coverage ratio (16) 
 0.16 0.22 0.30 0.20 0.07 (6) (8) 
 ____________________________ 
 Calculation of percentage change is not meaningful. 
 (1) Certain reclassifications may have been made for prior periods to conform to the current-period presentation. 
 (2) Consists of net periodic contractual interest amounts on our interest rate swaps, which we refer to as derivatives cash settlements interest income (expense). 
 (3) Consists of derivative forward value gains (losses), which represent changes in fair value during the period, excluding net periodic contractual interest settlement amounts, attributable to derivatives not designated for hedge accounting. 
 (4) Consists of the total non-interest expense components (i) salaries and employee benefits and (ii) other general and administrative expenses, each of which is presented separately on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (5) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a description of each of our non-GAAP financial measures and additional detail on the reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Report to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 (6) C al culated based on net income (loss) plus interest expense for the period divided by interest expense for the period. 
 (7) Calculated based on net interest income for the period divided by average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 (8) Calculated based on adjusted net interest income for the period divided by average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 (9) Calculated based on net charge-offs (recoveries) for the period divided by average total loans outstanding for the period. 
 (10) Consists of the unpaid principal balance of member loans plus unamortized deferred loan origination costs of 13 million as of May 31, 2023, 12 million as of both May 31, 2022 and 2021, and 11 million as of both May 31, 2020 and 2019. 
 25 

Table of Con tent s 

 (11) On June 1, 2020, we adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the incurred loss methodology previously used for estimating our allowance for credit losses with an expected loss methodology referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL model. Our allowance for credit losses prior to June 1, 2020 was determined based on the incurred loss methodology. 
 (12) Calculated based on total liabilities at period-end divided by total equity at period-end. 
 (13) Calculated based on available liquidity at period-end divided by the amount of maturing debt obligations over the next 12 months at period-end as of each respective date. 
 (14) Calculated based on total nonperforming loans at period-end divided by total loans outstanding at period-end. 
 (15) Calculated based on loans outstanding at period-end to borrowers with a risk rating that falls within the criticized risk rating category, which consists of special mention, substandard and doubtful, divided by total loans outstanding at period-end. 
 (16) Calculated based on the allowance for credit losses at period-end divided by total loans outstanding at period-end. 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 As a member-owned, nonprofit finance cooperative, our primary objective is to provide our rural electric utility members with access to affordable, flexible financing products, while also maintaining a sound, stable financial position and adequate liquidity to meet our financial obligations and maintain ongoing investment-grade credit ratings. Because maximizing profit is not our primary objective, the interest rates on lending products offered to our member borrowers reflect our funding costs plus a spread to cover operating expenses and estimated credit losses, while also generating sufficient earnings to cover interest owed on our debt obligations and achieve certain financial target goals. Our financial goals focus on earning an annual minimum adjusted TIER of 1.10 and maintaining an adjusted debt-to-equity ratio at approximately 6.00-to-1 or below. 
 
 We are subject to period-to-period volatility in our reported U.S. GAAP results due to changes in market conditions and differences in the way our financial assets and liabilities are accounted for under U.S. GAAP. Our financial assets and liabilities expose us to interest-rate risk. We use derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, as part of our strategy in managing this risk. Our derivatives are intended to economically hedge and manage the interest-rate sensitivity mismatch between our financial assets and liabilities. We are required under U.S. GAAP to carry derivatives at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets; however, the financial assets and liabilities for which we use derivatives to economically hedge are carried at amortized cost. Changes in interest rates and the shape of the swap curve result in periodic fluctuations in the fair value of our derivatives, which may cause volatility in our earnings because we do not apply hedge accounting for our interest rate swaps. As a result, the mark-to-market changes in our interest rate swaps are recorded in earnings. Because our derivative portfolio consists of a higher proportion of pay-fixed swaps, the majority of which are longer dated, than receive-fixed swaps, the majority of which are shorter dated, we generally record derivative losses when interest rates decline and derivative gains when interest rates rise. This earnings volatility generally is not indicative of the underlying economics of our business, as the derivative forward fair value gains or losses recorded each period may or may not be realized over time, depending on the terms of our derivative instruments and future changes in market conditions that impact the periodic cash settlement amounts of our interest rate swaps. Therefore, as discussed above under Summary of Selected Financial Data, management uses our non-GAAP financial measures to evaluate financial performance. Our adjusted financial results include the realized net periodic contractual interest expense amounts on our interest rate swaps but exclude the unrealized forward fair value gains and losses. 
 
 Financial Performance 
 
 Reported Results 
 
 We reported net income of 502 million and TIER of 1.48 for fiscal year 2023 current fiscal year ), compared with net income of 799 million and TIER of 2.13 for fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 fiscal year 2022 or prior fiscal year ). Our debt-to-equity ratio decreased to 12.14 as of May 31, 2023, from 13.59 as of May 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in equity resulting from our reported net income of 502 million for fiscal year 2023, which was partially offset by a decrease in equity attributable to the CFC Board of Directors authorized patronage capital retirement in July 2022 of 59 million. 
 
 The decrease in our reported net income of 297 million to 502 million for fiscal year 2023 from 799 million for fiscal year 2022 , was primarily driven by a reduction in derivative gains of 171 million and a decrease in net interest income of 120 million. We recorded derivative gains of 286 million for fiscal year 2023, attributable to increases in interest rates 
 26 

Table of Con tent s 

 across the entire swap curve during the period, with a more pronounced increase in short-term swap rates. In comparison, we recorded derivative gains of 456 million for fiscal year 2022, attributable to increases in interest rates across the entire swap curve during the period, with a more pronounced increase in medium- and long-term swap rates. As noted above, the substantial majority of our swap portfolio consists of longer-dated, pay-fixed swaps. Therefore, increases and decreases in medium- and longer-term swap rates generally have a more pronounced corresponding impact on the change in the net fair value of our swap portfolio. 
 
 The decrease in net interest income of 120 million, or 28 , to 315 million for fiscal year 2023 was attributable to a decrease in the net interest yield of 48 basis points, or 33 , to 0.98 , partially offset by a n increase in average interest-earning assets of 2,366 million, or 8 . T he decrease in the net interest yield reflected the combined impact of an increase in our average cost of borrowings of 91 basis points to 3.44 , partially offset by an increase in the average yield on our interest-earning assets of 37 basis points to 4.19 and an increase in the benefit from non-interest-bearing funding of 6 basis points to 0.23 . The increase in average interest-earning assets was primarily driven by growth in average total loans. 
 
 T he increases in the average cost of borrowings and average yield on interest-earning assets were driven by the continued increase in the federal funds rate, which resulted in increases in the average cost of our short-term and variable-rate borrowings and the average yield earned on our line of credit and variable-rate loans. During fiscal year 2023, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC of the Federal Reserve continued to further raise the target range for the federal funds rate at each of its meetings held through the period, with the federal funds rate reaching a target range of 5.00 to 5.25 as of May 31, 2023 . 
 
 Other factors affecting the variance between our reported results for fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022 include the impact of an unfavorable shift in the provision for credit losses of 19 million and an increase in operating expenses of 14 million, attributable to higher expenses recorded for salaries, information technology, business travel and in-person corporate meetings and events, partially offset by a reduction in losses recorded on our investment securities of 25 million, primarily due to period-to-period market fluctuations in fair value. 
 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 1 million for fiscal year 2023. In contrast, we recorded a benefit for credit losses of 18 million for fiscal year 2022. The provision for credit losses for fiscal year 2023 stemmed primarily from an increase in the asset-specific allowance for loans to Brazos Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. Brazos ), its wholly-owned subsidiary Brazos Sandy Creek Electric Cooperative Inc. Brazos Sandy Creek ), and for a nonperforming CFC power supply loan, attributable to a reduction and timing change in the expected payments on this loan. The benefit for credit losses of 18 million recorded for fiscal year 2022 was primarily attributable to a decrease in the collective allowance, stemming largely from positive developments related to Rayburn Country Electric Cooperative, Inc. Rayburn ), following its exposure to elevated wholesale electric power costs during the February 2021 polar vortex, that resulted in an improvement in fiscal year 2022 in Rayburn s credit risk profile from fiscal year 2021 and also a significant reduction in loans outstanding to Rayburn. 
 
 Non-GAAP Adjusted Results 
 
 Adjusted net income totaled 249 million and adjusted TIER was 1.25 for fiscal year 2023, compared with adjusted net income of 241 million and adjusted TIER of 1.30 for fiscal year 2022. The adjusted TIER for both fiscal year 2023 and 2022 was well above our target of 1.10. Our goal is to maintain an adjusted debt-to-equity ratio of approximately 6.00-to-1. Our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio decreased to 6.04 as of May 31, 2023, from 6.24 as of May 31, 2022, primarily due to the May 2023 issuance of 300 million of 7.125 subordinated deferrable debt due 2053. 
 
 The increase in adjusted net income of 8 million to 249 million for fiscal year 2023, from 241 million for fiscal year 2022, was due primarily to an increase in adjusted net interest income of 14 million and a reduction in losses recorded on our investment securities of 25 million , partially offset by an unfavorable shift in the provision for credit losses of 19 million and an increase in operating expenses of 14 million . See above under Reported Results for a discussion on the drivers of the current fiscal year unfavorable shift in the provision for credit losses, increase in operating expenses and reduction in the losses recorded on our investment securities. 
 
 The increase in adjusted net interest income of 14 million, or 4 , to 349 million for fiscal year 2023 was attributable to an increase in average interest-earning assets of 2,366 million, or 8 , primarily due to growth in average loans outstanding, 

27 

Table of Con tent s 

 partially offset by a decrease in the adjusted net interest yield of 4 basis points, or 4 , to 1.08 . The decrease in our adjusted net interest yield reflected the combined impact of an increase in our adjusted average cost of borrowings of 44 basis points to 3.33 , p artially offset by an increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets of 37 basis points to 4.19 and an increase in the benefit from non-interest bearing funding of 3 basis points to 0.22 . 
 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of these measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Lending Activity 
 
 Loans to members totaled 32,532 million as of May 31, 2023, an increase of 2,469 million, or 8 , from May 31, 2022, reflecting net increases in long-term and line of credit loans of 1,623 million and 845 million, respectively. The 845 million increase in line of credit loans was largely attributable to funding provided for higher operating costs that our members experienced, bridge loans due to delays in RUS financing and broadband bridge loan financing. We experienced increases in CFC distribution loans, CFC power supply loans, CFC statewide and associate loans, NCSC loans and RTFC loans of 1,593 million, 535 million, 74 million, 246 million and 20 million, respectively. 
 
 Long-term loan advances totaled 3,297 million during fiscal year 2023, of which approximately 95 was provided to members for capital expenditures and 2 was provided for the refinancing of loans made by other lenders. In com parison, long-term loan advances totaled 3,386 million during fiscal year 2022, of which approximately 80 was provided to members for capital expenditures and 18 was provided to members for other expenses, primarily to fund operating expenses attributable to the elevated power cost obligations incurred during the February 2021 polar vortex. Of the 3,297 million total long-term loans advanced during fiscal year 2023 , 2,849 million were fixed-rate loan advances with a weighted average fixed-rate term of 18 years. In com parison, of the 3,386 million total long-term loans advanced during fiscal year 2022, 2,911 million were fixed-rate loan advances with a weighted average fixed-rate term of 23 years. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 
 We believe the overall credit quality of our loan portfolio remained strong as of May 31, 2023. Historically, we have had limited defaults and losses on loans in our electric utility loan portfolio largely because of the essential nature of the service provided by electric utility cooperatives as well as other factors, such as limited rate regulation and competition, which we discuss further in the section Credit Risk Loan Portfolio Credit Risk. In addition, we generally lend to members on a senior secured basis, which reduces the risk of loss in the event of a borrower default. Loans outstanding to electric utility organizations of 32,032 million and 29,584 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, represented approximately 99 and 98 of total loans outstanding as of each respective date. Of our total loans outstanding, 92 and 93 were secured as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 We had loans to two borrowers totaling 89 million classified as nonperforming as of May 31, 2023. In comparison we had loans to three borrowers totaling 228 million classified as nonperforming as of May 31, 2022. Nonperforming loans represented 0.27 and 0.76 of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The reduction in nonperforming loans of 139 million during fiscal year 2023 was due to the receipt of loan principal payments, the partial charge-offs related to the Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek nonperforming loans, and the classification of Brazos nonperforming loans to nonperforming t roubled debt restructured TDR loans during the three months ended February 28, 2023 third quarter of fiscal year 2023 ). Loans outstanding to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, which filed for bankruptcy in March 2021 and March 2022, respectively, due to their exposure to elevated wholesale electric power costs during the February 2021 polar vortex, totaled 27 million and 114 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Subsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we received the remaining loan payments of 23 million and 4 million from Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, respectively, to repay their loans in full. 
 
 We experienced charge-offs totaling 15 million for the CFC electric power supply loan portfolio related to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans during fiscal year 2023, which resulted in a net charge-off rate of 0.05 . In comparison, we had no loan charge-offs during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Prior to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek s bankruptcy filings, we had not experienced any defaults or charge-offs in our electric utility and telecommunications loan portfolios since fiscal years 2013 and 2017, respectively. 

28 

Table of Con tent s 

 See section Credit Risk Credit Quality Indicators below for additional information on Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek. 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio decreased to 53 million and 0.16 , respectively, as of May 31, 2023, from 68 million and 0.22 , respectively, as of May 31, 2022. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses of 15 million reflected reductions in the asset-specific allowance and collective allowance of 13 million and 2 million, respectively. 
 
 We discuss our methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this Report. We also provide additional information on the credit quality of our loan portfolio and the allowance for credit losses below i n the sect ions Critical Accounting Estimates and Credit Risk Allowance for Credit Losses and Note 4 Loans and Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses of this Report. 
 
 Financing Activity 
 
 We issue debt primarily to fund growth in our loan portfolio. As such, our debt outstanding generally increases and decreases in response to member loan demand. Total debt outstanding increased by 2,252 million, or 8 , to 30,999 million as of May 31, 2023, due to borrowings to fund the increase in loans to members. Outstanding dealer commercial paper of 1,293 million as of May 31, 2023 was within our quarter-end target range. Our goal is to maintain the dealer commercial paper balance at each quarter-end within a range of 1,000 million to 1,500 million. We provide additional information on our financing activities during fiscal year 2023 in the below section Liquidity Risk of this Report. Subsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of dealer medium-term notes at a fixed rate of 5.05 due on Septem ber 15, 2028, redeemed 100 million in principal amount of our 400 million subordinated deferrable debt due 2043, at par plus accrued interest, and borrowed 500 million in short-term notes payable under the note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac. 
 
 During the current fiscal year, Moody s Investors Service Moody s ), S P Global Inc. S P and Fitch Ratings Fitch affirmed CFC s credit ratings and stable outlook. Table 31 presents our credit ratings for each CFC debt product type as of May 31, 2023, which remain unchanged as of the date of this Report, in the below section Liquidity Risk Credit Ratings of this Report. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 In addition to cash on hand, our primary sources of funds include member loan principal repayments, securities held in our investment portfolio, committed bank revolving lines of credit, committed loan facilities under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program, revolving note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac and proceeds from debt issuances to our members and in the public capital markets. Although as a nonbank financial institution we are not subject to regulatory liquidity requirements, we monitor our liquidity and funding positions on an ongoing basis and assess our ability to meet our scheduled debt obligations and other cash flow requirements based on point-in-time metrics as well as forward-looking projections. Our liquidity and funding assessment takes into consideration amounts available under existing liquidity sources, the expected rollover of member short-term investments and scheduled loan principal repayment amounts, as well as our continued ability to access the public capital markets and other non-capital market-related funding sources. 
 
 As of May 31, 2023, our available liquidity totaled 7,147 million, consisting of (i) cash and cash equivalents of 199 million; (ii) investments in debt securities with an aggregate fair value of 475 million, which is subject to changes based on market fluctuations; (iii) up to 2,598 million available under committed bank revolving line of credit agreements; (iv) up to 1,025 million available under committed loan facilities under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program; and (v) up to 2,850 million available under a revolving note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac, subject to market conditions. In addition to our existing available liquidity of 7,147 million as of May 31, 2023, we expect to re ceive 1,495 million from scheduled long-term loan principal payments over the next 12 months. 
 
 Debt scheduled to mature over the next 12 months totaled 6,929 million as of May 31, 2023, consisting of short-term borrowings of 4,546 million and long-term and subordinated debt o f 2,383 million. The short-term borrowings scheduled maturity amount of 4,546 million consists of member investments of 3,253 million and dealer commercial paper of 1,293 million. The long-term and subordinated scheduled debt obligations over the next 12 months of 2,383 million consist of debt maturities and scheduled debt payment amounts, of which, 192 million was from member investments. 

29 

Table of Con tent s 

 Our available liquidity of 7,147 million as of May 31, 2023 , was 218 million in excess of, or 1.03 tim es, our total scheduled debt obligations over the next 12 months of 6,929 million. We believe we can continue to roll ove r our member short-term investments of 3,253 million as of May 31, 2023, based on our expectation that our members will continue to reinvest their excess cash in short-term investment products offered by CFC. Our members historically have maintained a relatively stable level of short-term investments in CFC in the form of commercial paper, select notes, daily liquidity fund notes and medium-term notes. Member short-term investments in CFC have averaged 3,646 million over the last 12 fiscal quarter-end reporting periods. Our available liquidity of 7,147 million as of May 31, 2023 was 3,471 million in excess of, or 1.9 tim es, our total scheduled debt obligations, excluding member short-term investments, over the next 12 months of 3,676 million. 
 
 We expect to continue accessing the dealer commercial paper market as a cost-effective means of satisfying our incremental short-term liquidity needs. Although the intra-period amount of dealer commercial paper outstanding may fluctuate based on our liquidity requirements, our intent is to manage our short-term wholesale funding risk by maintaining the dealer commercial paper outstanding at each quarter-end within a range of 1,000 million to 1,500 million. To mitigate commercial paper rollover risk, we expect to continue to maintain our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements and be in compliance with the covenants of these agreements, as we can draw on these facilities, if necessary, to repay dealer or member commercial paper that cannot be refinanced with similar debt. In addition, under master repurchase agreements we have with our bank counterparties, we can obtain short-term funding in secured borrowing transactions by selling investment-grade corporate debt securities from our investment securities portfolio subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities at an agreed-upon price and date. 
 
 The issuance of long-term debt, which represents the most significant component of our funding, allows us to reduce our reliance on short-term borrowings, as well as effectively manage our refinancing and interest rate risk. We expect to continue to issue long-term debt in the public capital markets and under our other non-capital market debt arrangements to meet our funding needs and believe that we have sufficient sources of liquidity to meet our debt obligations and support our operations over the next 12 months. 
 
 We provide additional information on our liquidity profile and our primary sources and uses of funds, including projected amounts, by quarter, over each of the next six fiscal quarters through the quarter ending November 30, 2024 , in the Liquidity Risk section of this Report. 
 
 Electric Cooperative Industry Trends and Developments 
 
 Emerging developments and trends in the electric cooperative sector continue to present opportunities as well as challenges for our electric cooperative members. These trends include (i) expan ded investments by many electric cooperatives to deploy broadband services to their members; (ii) inflation, supply chain challenges and labor shortages; (iii) increased federal government programs and policies for electric utilities; (iv) an increased focus on enhancing electric system resiliency and reliability; (v) continued interest in renewable energy investments; and (vi) growing support of beneficial el ectrification strategies to reduce overall carbon emissions, while also providing benefits to cooperative members. 
 
 Expanded Investments to Deploy Broadband Services 
 
 Many rural electric distribution cooperatives have made or are making infrastructure investments that include building fiber optic lines to improve electric grid system reliability, efficiency and cost savings, as fiber operations offer enhanced communication to monitor electric systems, identify outages and speed electric restoration. Some of these electric cooperatives are leveraging these fiber assets to offer access to broadband services, either directly or by partnering with local telecommunication companies and others, to the communities they serve. We are currently aware of 198 broadband projects by different CFC member cooperatives, and we financed or are financing 123 of these 198 broadband projects. Capital expenditures for the completion of these 198 broadband projects are expected to total approximately 11,369 million. We believe that the capital expenditures for the completion of the broadband projects that we financed or are financing will total approximately 4,631 million. Our aggregate loans outstanding to CFC electric distribution cooperative members relating to broadband projects, which we started tracking in October 2017, increased to an estimated 2,355 million as of May 31, 2023, from approximately 1,647 million as of May 31, 2022. The three states with the largest CFC loans outstanding for broadband projects were Indiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma as of May 31, 2023, and broadband loans outstanding for these states totaled 300 million, 273 million and 253 million, respectively, as of this date. Many of 

30 

Table of Con tent s 

 these broadband projects are also financially supported by various states and the federal government, which reduces the credit risk for CFC and the investment risk for our electric cooperative members. We expect our member electric cooperatives to continue in their efforts to expand broadband access to unserved and underserved communities. 
 
 Inflation, Supply Chain Disruptions and Labor Shortage 
 
 Many rural electric cooperatives are experiencing increasing cost in power supply, labor and materials. Power supply cost for many cooperatives is increasingly volatile based on natural gas and coal market pricing. In addition to increasing material cost, supply chain disruptions have extended delivery times for utility hardware and are causing project timelines to be extended as well. Labor cost and competition for employees has increased for some cooperatives due to labor shortages. 
 
 Federal Government Programs and Policies 
 
 The federal government has created various funding opportunities that electric cooperatives may take advantage of when deploying renewable energy and other clean energy technologies. The 2022 Inflation Reduction Act IRA included programs such as the USDA Empowering Rural American program, the Powering Affordable Clean Energy program and a direct-pay tax provision for electric cooperatives. 
 
 The federal government has also rolled out regulations such as the Environmental Protection Agency s EPA proposed greenhouse gas emission requirements for new and existing power plants. The EPA is in the midst of an open comment period, and CFC and electric cooperative partners are monitoring the potential impact to cooperatives. It is highly likely that the rule will be litigated similar to the Obama Administration s Clean Power Plan. 
 
 Increased Focus on Enhancing Electric System Resiliency and Reliability 
 
 We have observed an increase in capital investments by electric cooperatives to proactively strengthen existing electric systems as well as replace systems in the aftermath of damages from recent weather-related incidents, including hurricanes and winter storms. We believe that the adverse impact on electric systems from weather-related incidents and wildfires has resulted in a heightened awareness by electric cooperatives of the need to focus attention on making infrastructure upgrades to improve both the resiliency and reliability of electric systems. 
 
 Evolving Cooperative Focus on Clean Energy Supply Investments 
 
 We also have observed that many electric power supply and electric distribution cooperatives are increasingly focused on efforts to identify potential opportunities to increase investments in renewable power supply, transmission and storage. This includes both on-balance sheet construction of renewable generation and off-balance sheet acquisition of renewable power through power purchase agreements. According to a report published in April 2023 by NRECA, electric cooperatives more than doubled their renewable capacity from 5.7 gigawatts to nearly 14 gigawatts in the last decade, including adding 900 megawatts of renewable capacity in 2022 alone. 
 
 Growing Support for Beneficial Electrification 
 
 Rural electric cooperatives have become increasingly supportive of beneficial electrification, which refers to the replacement of fossil fuel-powered systems with electrical ones such as electric vehicles and heat pumps in a way that reduces overall emissions, while providing benefits to the environment and to households. The increased support among electric cooperatives reflects an expectation that beneficial electrification will result in increased sales, while also saving money for members and reducing carbon emissions. 
 
 We believe the above trends and current investment priorities of our electric cooperative members will require funding and may result in an increased demand for capital from CFC. 
 
 Outlook 
 
 As further described below in the Liquidity Risk Projected Near-Term Sources and Uses of Funds section, we currently anticipate net long-term loan growth of 1,632 million over the next 12 months. In June 2023, the FOMC of the Federal Reserve signaled an expectation of further increases in the federal funds rate and pointed to a consensus target rate of 5.60 

31 

Table of Con tent s 

 by December 31, 2023, stating its continued objective of returning the inflation rate to 2 over the longer run. In addition, the FOMC projections include a decrease in the federal funds rate to a target rate of 4.60 by December 31, 2024. As a result, the June 2023 consensus market outlook for interest rates indicated rising interest rates across the yield curve during the remainder of 2023, followed by a decrease in short-term interest rates during 2024. The yield curve is expected to remain inverted for the remainder of 2023 and, given the expected drop in short-term interest rates in the following year, the yield curve inversion is expected to narrow in 2024, and remain inverted beyond that period. Based on this yield curve forecast, we anticipate a decrease in our reported net interest income and reported net interest yield over the next 12 months relative to the 12-month period ended May 31, 2023. However, we project an increase in our adjusted net interest income over the next 12 months compared with the 12-month period ended May 31, 2023. This is primarily attributable to the expected significant increase in our derivative net periodic cash settlements income, which will contribute to reducing our adjusted cost of borrowings. Additionally, we anticipate a sustained expansion of our loan portfolio, with the variable-rate line of credit loans outstanding remaining at an elevated level. We anticipate a slight decrease in our adjusted net interest yield over the next 12 months relative to the 12-month period ended May 31, 2023, due to the current yield curve assumptions and our balance sheet position. 
 
 We expect that our adjusted net income will increase over the next 12 months, primarily attributable to our projected increase in adjusted net interest income. However, we believe that our adjusted TIER will decrease slightly over the next 12 months, primarily attributable to our projec ted increase in adjusted interest expense. We believe that our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio will remain elevated above our target of 6.00-to-1, primarily due to the early redemption of 100 million of our subordinated deferrable debt in June 2023, the projected increase in total debt outstanding to fund anticipated growth in our loan portfolio and the expected retirement of discounted patronage capital as part of RTFC s consolidation with NCSC. In April 2023 and June 2023, RTFC s and NCSC s members, respectively, approved the sale of RTFC s business to NCSC. We intend to complete the consolidation of RTFC and NCSC over the next 12 months, subject to meeting certain closing conditions. As part of the consolidation, CFC intends to retire CFC s allocated but unretired patronage capital to RTFC at a discount, which we expect to occur during the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, and subsequently, RTFC intends to retire the allocated but unretired patronage capital to its members at a discount. 
 
 As discussed above, we are subject to earnings volatility, often significant, because we do not apply hedge accounting to our interest rate swaps. Therefore, the periodic unrealized fluctuations in the fair value of our interest rate swaps are recorded in our earnings. The variances in our earnings between periods are generally attributable to significant shifts in recorded unrealized derivative forward value gain and loss amounts. We exclude the impact of unrealized derivative forward fair value gains and losses from our non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 We are unable to provide a reconciliation of our projected adjusted net income, adjusted TIER and adjusted debt-to-equity ratio to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures or directional guidance for the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures on a forward-looking basis without unreasonable effort due to the significant shifts in the unrealized derivative forward value gains and losses recorded each period. The majority of our swaps are long term, with an average remaining life of approxima tely 15 ye ars as of May 31, 2023. We can reasonably estimate the realized net periodic derivative cash settlement amounts over the next 12 months for our interest rate swaps, which are typically based on SOFR and the fixed rate of the swap. In contrast, the unrealized periodic derivative forward value gains and losses are largely based on future expected changes in longer-term interest rates, which we are unable to accurately predict for each reporting period over the next 12 months. Because unrealized periodic derivative forward value gain and loss amounts are a key driver of changes in our earnings between periods, this unavailable information is likely to have a significant impact on our reported net income, TIER and debt-to-equity ratio, which represent the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. We provide reconciliations of our non-GAAP adjusted net income, adjusted TIER and adjusted debt-to-equity ratio to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for each reporting period included in this Report in the section Non-GAAP Financial Me asures. These reconciliations illustrate the potential significant impact that unrealized derivative forward value gains and losses could have on our future reported net income, reported TIER and reported debt-to-equity ratio. 

32 

Table of Con tent s 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. Understanding our accounting policies and the extent to which we use management s judgment and estimates in applying these policies is integral to understanding our financial statements. We provide a discussion of our significant accounting policies in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Certain accounting estimates are considered critical because they involve significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters, and the use of reasonably different estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. The determination of the allowance for expected credit losses over the remaining expected life of the loans in our loan portfolio involves a significant degree of management judgment and level of estimation uncertainty. As such, we have identified our accounting policy governing the estimation of the allowance for credit losses as a critical accounting estim ate. Management established policies and control procedures intended to ensure that the methodology used for determining our allowance for credit losses, including any judgments and assumptions made as part of such method, are well-controlled and applied consistently from period to period. We evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments required by our policies on an ongoing basis and update them as necessary based on changing conditions. We describe our allowance methodology and process for estimating the allowance for credit losses under Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses Loan Portfolio Current Methodology. 
 
 We maintain an allowance based on a current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining life of the loans in our portfolio. The methods utilized to estimate the allowance for credit losses, key assumptions and quantitative and qualitative information considered by management in determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses are discussed in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 Key inputs, such as our historical loss data and third-party default data, that we use in determining the appropriate allowance for credit losses are more readily quantifiable, while other inputs, such as our internally assigned borrower risk ratings that are intended to assess a borrower s capacity to meet its financial obligations and provide information on the probability of default, require more qualitative judgment. Degrees of imprecision exist in each of these inputs due in part to subjective judgments involved and an inherent lag in the data available to quantify current conditions and events that may affect our credit loss estimate. 
 
 Our internally assigned borrower risk ratings serve as the primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio. We perform an annual comprehensive review of each of our borrowers, following the receipt of the borrower s annual audited financial statements, to reassess the borrower s risk rating. In addition, interim risk-rating adjustments may occur as a result of updated information affecting a borrower s ability to fulfill its obligations or other significant developments and trends. Our Credit Risk Management Group and Corporate Credit Committee review and provide rigorous oversight and governance around our internally assigned risk ratings to ensure the ratings process is consistent. In addition, we engage third-party credit risk management experts to conduct an independent annual review of our risk rating system to validate its overall integrity. This review involves an evaluation of the accuracy and timeliness of individual risk ratings and the overall effectiveness of our risk-rating framework relative to the risk profile of our credit exposures. While we have a robust risk-rating process, changes in our borrower risk ratings may not always directly coincide with changes in the risk profile of an individual borrower due to the timing of the rating process and a potential lag in the receipt of information necessary to evaluate the impact of emerging developments and current conditions on the risk ratings of our borrower. Although our allowance for credit losses is sensitive to each key input, shifts in the credit risk ratings of our borrowers generally have the most notable impact on our allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Our allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio decreased to 53 million and 0.16 , respectively, as of May 31, 2023, from 68 million and 0.22 , respectively, as of May 31, 2022. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses of 15 million reflected reductions in the asset-specific allowance and collective allowance of 13 million and 2 million, respectively. We discuss the methodology used to estimate the allowance for credit losses in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

33 

Table of Con tent s 

 Key Assumptions 
 
 Determining the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is subject to numerous estimates and assumptions requiring significant management judgment about matters that involve a high degree of subjectivity and are difficult to predict. The key assumptions in determining our collective allowance that require significant management judgment and may have a material impact on the amount of the allowance include the segmentation of our loan portfolio; our internally assigned borrower risk ratings; the probability of default; the loss severity or recovery rate in the event of default for each portfolio segment; and management s consideration of qualitative factors that may cause estimated credit losses associated with our existing loan portfolio to differ from our historical loss experience. 
 
 As discussed below in Credit Risk Loan Portfolio Credit Risk, CFC has experienced only 18 defaults in its 54-year history, and prior to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek we had no defaults in our electric utility loan portfolio since fiscal year 2013. As such, we have a limited history of defaults to develop reasonable and supportable estimated probability of default rates for our existing loan portfolio. We therefore utilize third-party default data for the utility sector as a proxy to estimate probability of default rates for our loan portfolio segments. However, we utilize our internal historical loss experience to estimate loss given default, or the recovery rate, for each of our loan portfolio segments. We believe our internal historical loss experience serves as a more reliable estimate of loss severity than third-party data due to the organizational structure and operating environment of rural utility cooperatives, our lending practice of generally requiring a senior security position on the assets and revenue of borrowers for long-term loans, the approach we take in working with borrowers that may be experiencing operational or financial issues and other factors discussed in Credit Risk Loan Portfolio Credit Risk. 
 
 We generally consider nonperforming loans as well as loans that have been or are anticipated to be modified under a TDR for individual evaluation given the risk characteristics of such loans and establish an asset-specific allowan ce for these loans. The key assumptions in determining our asset-specific allowance that require significant management judgment and may have a material impact on the amount of the allowance include measuring the amount and timing of future cash flows for individually evaluated loans that are not collateral-dependent and estimating the value of the underlying collateral for individually evaluated loans that are collateral-dependent. 
 
 The degree to which any particular assumption affects the allowance for credit losses depends on the severity of the change and its relationship to the other assumptions. We regularly evaluate the key inputs and assumptions used in determining the allowance for credit losses and update them, as necessary, to better reflect present conditions, including current trends in credit performance and borrower risk profile, portfolio concentration risk, changes in risk-management practices, changes in the regulatory environment and other factors relevant to our loan portfolio segments. We did not change our allowance methodology or the nature of the underlying key inputs and assumptions used in measuring our allowance for credit losses during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 As noted above, our allowance for credit losses is sensitive to a variety of factors. While management uses its best judgment to assess loss data and other factors to determine the allowance for credit losses, changes in our loss assumptions, adjustments to assigned borrower risk ratings, the use of alternate external data sources or other factors could affect our estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the portfolio as of each balance sheet date, which would also impact the related provision for credit losses recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. For example, changes in the inputs below, without taking into consideration the impact of other potential offsetting or correlated inputs, would have the following effect on our allowance of credit losses as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 A 10 increase or decrea se in the default rates for all of our portfolio segments would result in a corresponding increase or decrease of approximately 3 million. 
 A 1 increase or decrease in the recovery rates for all of our portfolio segments would result in a corresponding decrease or increase of approximately 9 million. 
 A one-notch downgrade in the internal borr ower risk ratings for our entire loan portfolio would result in an increase of approximately 26 million, while a one-notch upgrade would result in a decrease of approximately 16 million. 
 
 These sensitivity analyses are intended to provide an indication of the isolated impact of hypothetical alternative assumptions on our allowance for credit losses. Because management evaluates a variety of factors and inputs in 

34 

Table of Con tent s 

 determining the allowance for credit losses, these sensitivity analyses are not considered probable and do not imply an expectation of future changes in loss rates or borrower risk ratings. Given current processes employed in estimating the allowance for credit losses, management believes the inherent loss rates and currently assigned risk ratings are appropriate. It is possible that others performing the analyses, given the same information, may at any point in time reach different reasonable conclusions that could be significant to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 We discuss the risks and uncertainties related to management s judgments and estimates in applying accounting policies that have been identified as a critical accounting estimates under Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulatory and Compliance Risks in this Report. We provide additional information on the allowance for credit losses under the below section Credit Risk Allowance for Credit Losses and Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses in this Report. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING CHANGES AND OTHER DEVELOPMENTS 
 
 Recent Accounting Changes 
 
 We provide information on recently adopted accounting standards and the adoption impact on CFC s consolidated financial statements and recently issued accounting standards not yet required to be adopted and the expected adoption impact in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. To the extent we believe the adoption of new accounting standards has had or will have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, we discuss the impact in the applicable section(s) of this MD A. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 This section provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations between fiscal years 2023 and 2022. Following this section, we provide a discussion and analysis of material changes in amounts reported on our consolidated balance sheet as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. You should read these sections together with our Executive Summary Outlook where we discuss trends and other factors that we expect will affect our future results of operations. See Item 7. MD A Consolidated Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 2022 Form 10-K for a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations between fiscal year 2022 and the fiscal year ended May 31, 2021 fiscal year 2021 ). 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income, which is our largest source of revenue, represents the difference between the interest income earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense on our interest-bearing liabilities. Our net interest yield represents the difference between the yield on our interest-earning assets and the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities plus the impact of non-interest-bearing funding. We expect net interest income and our net interest yield to fluctuate based on changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. We do not fund each individual loan with specific debt. Rather, we attempt to minimize costs and maximize efficiency by proportionately funding large aggregated amounts of loans. 
 
 Table 2 presents average balances for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, and for each major category of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the interest income earned or interest expense incurred, and the average yield or cost. Table 2 also presents non-GAAP adjusted interest expense, adjusted net interest income and adjusted net interest yield, which reflect the inclusion of net accrued periodic derivative cash settlements expense in interest expense. We provide reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures under Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

35 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 2: Average Balances, Interest Income/Interest Expense and Average Yield/Cost Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Assets: Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Cost Average Balance Interest Income/Expense Average Yield/Cost Long-term fixed-rate loans (1) 
 27,615,174 1,138,877 4.12 25,974,724 1,062,223 4.09 24,978,267 1,051,524 4.21 Long-term variable-rate loans 868,087 46,045 5.30 749,131 16,895 2.26 645,819 14,976 2.32 Line of credit loans 2,785,202 146,031 5.24 2,148,197 46,887 2.18 1,626,092 35,596 2.19 TDR loans 20,205 727 3.60 9,528 735 7.71 10,328 790 7.65 Nonperforming loans 165,631 227,795 185,554 Other, net (2) 
 (1,536) (1,448) (1,381) Total loans 31,454,299 1,330,144 4.23 29,109,375 1,125,292 3.87 27,446,060 1,101,505 4.01 Cash and investment securities 783,340 21,585 2.76 762,489 15,951 2.09 796,566 15,096 1.90 Total interest-earning assets 32,237,639 1,351,729 4.19 29,871,864 1,141,243 3.82 28,242,626 1,116,601 3.95 Other assets, less allowance for credit losses (3) 
 942,621 466,329 537,506 Total assets (3) 
 33,180,260 30,338,193 28,780,132 Liabilities: Commercial paper 2,718,934 98,751 3.63 2,565,629 11,086 0.43 2,189,558 8,330 0.38 Other short-term borrowings 2,102,341 67,210 3.20 2,006,020 7,179 0.36 2,148,767 6,400 0.30 Short-term borrowings (4) 
 4,821,275 165,961 3.44 4,571,649 18,265 0.40 4,338,325 14,730 0.34 Medium-term notes 6,206,717 198,711 3.20 4,854,421 108,769 2.24 3,904,603 113,582 2.91 Collateral trust bonds 7,366,266 271,247 3.68 7,050,468 248,413 3.52 6,938,534 249,248 3.59 Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 
 6,364,870 185,097 2.91 6,165,206 169,166 2.74 6,146,410 167,403 2.72 Farmer Mac notes payable 3,166,098 108,557 3.43 3,059,946 55,245 1.81 2,844,252 50,818 1.79 Other notes payable 3,424 88 2.57 6,774 155 2.29 10,246 241 2.35 Subordinated deferrable debt 991,488 53,119 5.36 986,407 51,541 5.23 986,209 51,551 5.23 Subordinated certificates 1,230,625 53,728 4.37 1,245,120 53,980 4.34 1,270,385 54,490 4.29 Total interest-bearing liabilities 30,150,763 1,036,508 3.44 27,939,991 705,534 2.53 26,438,964 702,063 2.66 Other liabilities (3) 
 618,422 897,751 1,380,414 Total liabilities (3) 
 30,769,185 28,837,742 27,819,378 Total equity (3) 
 2,411,075 1,500,451 960,754 Total liabilities and equity (3) 
 33,180,260 30,338,193 28,780,132 Net interest spread (5) 
 0.75 1.29 1.29 Impact of non-interest-bearing funding (6) 
 0.23 0.17 0.18 Net interest income/net interest yield (7) 
 315,221 0.98 435,709 1.46 414,538 1.47 Adjusted net interest income/adjusted net interest yield: Interest income 1,351,729 4.19 1,141,243 3.82 1,116,601 3.95 Interest expense 1,036,508 3.44 705,534 2.53 702,063 2.66 Add: Net periodic derivative cash settlements interest (income) expense (8) 
 (33,577) (0.44) 101,385 1.21 115,645 1.28 Adjusted interest expense/adjusted average cost (9) 
 1,002,931 3.33 806,919 2.89 817,708 3.09 Adjusted net interest spread (7) 
 0.86 0.93 0.86 Impact of non-interest-bearing funding (6) 
 0.22 0.19 0.20 Adjusted net interest income/adjusted net interest yield (10) 
 348,798 1.08 334,324 1.12 298,893 1.06 

36 

Table of Con tent s 

 ____________________________ 
 (1) Interest income on long-term, fixed-rate loans includes loan conversion fees, which are generally deferred and recognized as interest income using the effective interest method. 
 (2) Consists of late payment fees and net amortization of deferred loan fees and loan origination costs. 
 (3) The average balance represents average monthly balances, which is calculated based on the month-end balance as of the beginning of the reporting period and the balances as of the end of each month included in the specified reporting period. 
 (4) Short-term borrowings reported on our consolidated balance sheets consist of borrowings with an original contractual maturity of one year or less. However, short-term borrowings presented in Table 2 consist of commercial paper, select notes, daily liquidity fund notes and secured borrowings under repurchase agreemen ts. Short-term borrowings presented on our consolidated balance sheets related to medium-term notes, Farmer Mac notes payable and other notes payable are reported in the respective category for presentation purposes in Table 2. The period-end amounts reported as short-term borrowings on our consolidated balances sheets, which are excluded from the calculation of average short-term borrowings presented in Table 2, totaled 367 million, 417 million and 363 million as of May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 (5) Net interest spread represents the difference between the average yield on total average interest-earning assets and the average cost of total average interest-bearing liabilities. Adjusted net interest spread represents the difference between the average yield on total average interest-earning assets and the adjusted average cost of total average interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (6) Includes other liabilities and equity. 
 (7) Net interest yield is calculated based on net interest income for the period divided by total average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 (8) Represents the impact of net periodic contractual interest amounts on our interest rate swaps during the period. This amount is added to interest expense to derive non-GAAP adjusted interest expense. The average (benefit)/cost associated with derivatives is calculated based on net periodic swap settlement interest amount during the period divided by the average outstanding notional amount of derivatives during the period. The average outstanding notional amount of interest rate swaps was 7,668 million, 8,406 million and 9,062 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (9) Adjusted interest expense consists of interest expense plus net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) during the period. Net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) is reported on our consolidated statements of operations as a component of derivative gains (losses). Adjusted average cost is calculated based on the adjusted interest expense for the period divided by total average interest-bearing liabilities during the period. 
 (10) Adjusted net interest yield is calculated based on adjusted net interest income for the period divided by total average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 
 Table 3 displays the change in net interest income between periods and the extent to which the variance for each category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities is attributable to (i) changes in volume, which represents the change in the average balances of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities or volume, and (ii) changes in the rate, which represents the change in the average interest rates of these assets and liabilities. The table also presents the change in adjusted net interest income between periods. 

37 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 3: Rate/Volume Analysis of Changes in Interest Income/Interest Expense 2023 versus 2022 2022 versus 2021 Total Variance Due To: (1) 
 Total Variance Due To: (1) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Variance Volume Rate Variance Volume Rate Interest income: Long-term fixed-rate loans 76,654 67,085 9,569 10,699 41,948 (31,249) Long-term variable-rate loans 29,150 2,683 26,467 1,919 2,396 (477) Line of credit loans 99,144 13,903 85,241 11,291 11,429 (138) TDR loans (8) 824 (832) (55) (61) 6 Other, net (88) (88) (67) (67) Total loans 204,852 84,495 120,357 23,787 55,712 (31,925) Cash and investment securities 5,634 436 5,198 855 (646) 1,501 Total interest income 210,486 84,931 125,555 24,642 55,066 (30,424) Interest expense: Commercial paper 87,665 662 87,003 2,756 1,431 1,325 Other short-term borrowings 60,031 345 59,686 779 (425) 1,204 Short-term borrowings 147,696 1,007 146,689 3,535 1,006 2,529 Medium-term notes 89,942 30,300 59,642 (4,813) 27,629 (32,442) Collateral trust bonds 22,834 11,127 11,707 (835) 4,021 (4,856) Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 
 15,931 5,479 10,452 1,763 512 1,251 Farmer Mac notes payable 53,312 1,916 51,396 4,427 3,854 573 Other notes payable (67) (77) 10 (86) (82) (4) Subordinated deferrable debt 1,578 265 1,313 (10) 10 (20) Subordinated certificates (252) (628) 376 (510) (1,084) 574 Total interest expense 330,974 49,389 281,585 3,471 35,866 (32,395) Net interest income (120,488) 35,542 (156,030) 21,171 19,200 1,971 Adjusted net interest income: Interest income 210,486 84,931 125,555 24,642 55,066 (30,424) Interest expense 330,974 49,389 281,585 3,471 35,866 (32,395) Net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income (2) 
 (134,962) (8,905) (126,057) (14,260) (8,367) (5,893) Adjusted interest expense (3) 
 196,012 40,484 155,528 (10,789) 27,499 (38,288) Adjusted net interest income 14,474 44,447 (29,973) 35,431 27,567 7,864 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) The changes for each category of interest income and interest expense represent changes in either average balances (volume) or average rates for both interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. We allocate the amount attributable to the combined impact of volume and rate to the rate variance. 
 (2) For the net periodic derivative cash settlements interest amount, the variance due to average volume represents the change in the net periodic derivative cash settlements interest expense amount resulting from the change in the average notional amount of derivative contracts outstanding. The variance due to average rate represents the change in the net periodic derivative cash settlements amount resulting from the net difference between the average rate paid and the average rate received for interest rate swaps during the period. 
 (3) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on our adjusted non-GAAP financial measures. 

38 

Table of Con tent s 

 Reported Net Interest Income 
 
 Reported net interest income of 315 million for fiscal year 2023 decreased 120 million, or 28 , from fiscal year 2022, driven by a decrease in the net interest yield of 48 basis points, or 33 , to 0.98 , partially offset by an increase in average interest-earning assets of 2,366 million, or 8 . 
 
 Average Interest-Earning Assets: The increase in average interest-earning assets of 8 during fiscal year 2023 was primarily attributable to growth in average total loans of 2,345 million, or 8 , from fiscal year 2022, driven by an increase in average long-term fixed-rate loans of 1,640 million and an increase in average line of credit loans of 637 million, as members continued to advance loans to fund capital expenditures and for working capital. 
 
 Net Interest Yield: The decrease in the net interest yield of 48 basis points, or 33 , was primarily attributable to the combined impact of an increase in our average cost of borrowings of 91 basis points to 3.44 , which was partially offset by an increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets of 37 basis points to 4.19 and an increase in the benefit from non-interest-bearing funding of 6 basis point to 0.23 . Our average yield on interest-earning assets and average cost of borrowings rose mainly due to the sustained increase in the federal funds rate, which increased 425 basis points since May 31, 2022 . The increase in average yields on line of credit and variable-rate loans was the primary driver for the increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets. Meanwhile, our average cost of borrowings increased due to higher interest rates on our short-term and variable-rate borrowings. 
 
 Adjusted Net Interest Income 
 
 Adjusted net interest income of 349 million for fiscal year 2023 increased 14 million, or 4 , from fiscal year 2022, driven by an increase in average interest-earning assets of 2,366 million, or 8 , partially offset by a decrease in the adjusted net interest yield of 4 basis points, or 4 , to 1.08 . 
 
 Average Interest-Earning Assets: The increase in average interest-earning assets of 8 was driven by the growth in average total loans of 2,345 million, or 8 , from fiscal year 2022, primarily attributable to an increase in average long-term fixed-rate and line of credit loans as discussed above. 
 
 Adjusted Net Interest Yield: The decrease in the adjusted net interest yield of 4 basis points, or 4 , reflected the combined impact of an increase in our adjusted average cost of borrowings of 44 basis points to 3.33 , partially offset by an increase in the average yield on interest-earning assets of 37 basis points to 4.19 and an increase in the benefit from non-interest-bearing funding of 3 basis points to 0.22 . The increase in both average yield on interest-earning assets and adjusted average cost of borrowings was attributable to the continued high interest-rate environment during fiscal year 2023 , as discussed above. 
 
 Derivative Cash Settlements 
 
 We include the net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) amounts on our interest rate swaps in the calculation of our adjusted average cost of borrowings, which, as a result, also impacts the calculation of adjusted net interest income and adjusted net interest yield. We recorded net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income of 34 million for fiscal year 2023, compared with derivative cash settlements expense of 101 million and 116 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 During fiscal year 2023, the floating-rate payments on our interest rate swaps were typically based on 3-month LIBOR. F ollowing the cessation of LIBOR on June 30, 2023, SOFR will replace LIBOR for our interest rate swaps. Because our derivative portfolio consists of a higher proportion of pay-fixed swaps than receive-fixed swaps, the net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) amounts generally change based on changes in the floating interest amount received each period. When the 3-month LIBOR rate increases during the period, the received floating interest amounts on our pay-fixed swaps increase and, conversely, when the 3-month LIBOR swap rate decreases, the received floating interest amounts on our pay-fixed swaps decrease. The 3-month LIBOR rate increased during fiscal year 2023, resulting in an increase in received floating interest amounts and contributing to a net periodic derivative cash settlements interest income in the current fiscal year. In contrast, the 3-month LIBOR rate increase was more modest during fiscal year 2022, resulting 

39 

Table of Con tent s 

 in a lower increase in received floating interest amounts and contributing to a modest reduction in net periodic derivative cash settlements interest expense amounts in the prior fiscal year. 
 
 See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional information on our non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 Our p rovision for credit losses each period is driven by changes in our measurement of lifetime expected credit losses for our loan portfolio recorded in the allowance for credit losses. Our allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio were 53 million and 0.16 , respectively, as of May 31, 2023. In comparison, our allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio were 68 million and 0.22 , respectively, as of May 31, 2022. 
 
 We recorded a provision for credit losses of 1 million for fiscal year 2023. In contrast, we recorded a benefit for credit losses of 18 million for fiscal year 2022. The current fiscal year provision stemmed primarily from an increase in the asset-specific allowance for loans to Brazos, Brazos Sandy Creek and for a nonperforming CFC power supply loan, attributable to a reduction and timing change in the expected payments on this loan. The benefit for credit losses for fiscal year 2022 was primarily driven by a decrease in the collective allowance due to an improvement in Rayburn s credit risk profile and a significant reduction in loans outstanding to Rayburn. 
 
 We discuss our methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses Current Methodology. We also provide additional information on our allowance for credit losses below under section Credit Risk Allowance for Credit Losses and Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses in this Report. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 
 Non-interest income consists of fee and other income, gains and losses on derivatives not accounted for in hedge accounting relationships, and gains and losses on equity and debt investment securities, which consists of both unrealized and realized 
 gains and losses. 
 
 Table 4 presents the components of non-interest income (loss) recorded in our consolidated statements of operations for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Table 4: Non-Interest Income 
 Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Non-interest income components: Fee and other income 18,134 17,193 18,929 Derivative gains 285,844 456,482 506,301 Investment securities losses (4,974) (30,179) 1,495 Total non-interest income 299,004 443,496 526,725 
 
 The significant variance in non-interest income between fiscal years was primarily attributable to changes in the derivative gains recognized in our consolidated statements of operations. In addition, we experienced a decrease in the losses recorded on our debt and equity investment securities of 25 million for the current fiscal year compared with the prior fiscal year. We expect period-to-period market fluctuations in the fair value of our equity and debt investment securities, which we report together with realized gains and losses from the sale of investment securities on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Derivative Gains (Losses) 
 
 Our derivative instruments are an integral part of our interest rate risk-management strategy. Our principal purpose in using derivatives is to manage our aggregate interest rate risk profile within prescribed risk parameters. The derivative instruments 

40 

Table of Con tent s 

 we use primarily include interest rate swaps, which we typically hold to maturity. In addition, we may use Treasury locks to manage the interest rate risk associated with future debt issuance or debt that is scheduled to reprice in the future. The primary factors affecting the fair value of our derivatives and derivative gains (losses) recorded in our results of operations include changes in interest rates, the shape of the swap curve and the composition of our derivative portfolio. We generally do not designate our interest rate swaps, which currently account for all our derivatives, for hedge accounting. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps are reported in our consolidated statements of operations under derivative gains (losses). However, if we execute a Treasury lock, we typically designate the Treasury lock as a cash flow hedge. 
 
 We currently use two types of interest rate swap agreements: (i) we pay a fixed rate of interest and receive a variable rate of interest pay-fixed swaps ), and (ii) we pay a variable rate of interest and receive a fixed rate of interest receive-fixed swaps ). The interest amounts are based on a specified notional balance, which is used for calculation purposes only. The benchmark variable rate for the substantial majority of the floating-rate payments under our swap agreements is 3-month LIBOR. A s interest rates decline, pay-fixed swaps generally decrease in value and result in the recognition of derivative losses, as the amount of interest we pay remains fixed, while the amount of interest we receive declines. In contrast, as interest rates rise, pay-fixed swaps generally increase in value and result in the recognition of derivative gains, as the amount of interest we pay remains fixed, but the amount we receive increases. With a receive-fixed swap, the opposite results occur as interest rates decline or rise. Our derivative portfolio consists of a higher proportion of pay-fixed swaps than receive-fixed swaps; therefore, we generally record derivative losses when interest rates decline and derivative gains when interest rates rise. Because our pay-fixed and receive-fixed swaps are referenced to different maturity terms along the swap curve, different changes in the swap curve parallel, flattening, inversion or steepening will also impact the fair value of our derivatives. 
 
 During fiscal year 2023, we executed three Treasury lock agreements with a total aggregate notional amount of 400 million to hedge interest rate risk by locking in the underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate component of interest expense payments on anticipated debt issuances. The Treasury locks were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges. We terminated these Treasury locks in February 2023 and recorded a net settlement gain of 7 million in AOCI, which will be reclassified into interest expense over the term that the hedged debt transaction affects earnings. We did not have any derivatives designated as accounting hedges as of May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022. 
 
 Table 5 presents the components of net derivative gains (losses) recorded in our consolidated statements of operations for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) represents the net periodic contractual interest amount for our interest rate swaps during the reporting period. Derivative forward value gains (losses) represent the change in fair value of our interest rate swaps during the applicable reporting period due to changes in expected future interest rates over the remaining life of our derivative contracts. 
 
 Table 5: Derivative Gains (Losses) 
 Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Derivative gains attributable to: Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) 33,577 (101,385) (115,645) Derivative forward value gains 252,267 557,867 621,946 Derivative gains 285,844 456,482 506,301 
 
 We recorded derivative gains of 286 million for fiscal year 2023, attributable to increases in interest rates across the entire swap curve during the period, with a more pronounced increase in short-term swap rates, namely the 3-month LIBOR rate. In contrast, we recorded derivative gains of 456 million for fiscal year 2022, attributable to increases in interest rates across the entire swap curve during the period, with a more pronounced increase in medium- and long-term swap rates, namely the two-year, five-year to 10-year swap rates. 
 
 Our derivatives portfolio consisted of interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of 7,816 million and 8,062 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As discussed above, our derivative portfolio consists of a higher proportion of longer-dated pay-fixed swaps than receive-fixed swaps, with pay-fixed swaps accounting for approximately 78 and 75 of the outstanding notional amount of our derivative portfolio as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Therefore, increases and decreases in medium- and longer-term swap rates generally have a more pronounced corresponding impact on 

41 

Table of Con tent s 

 the change in the net fair value of our swap portfolio. The average remaining maturity of our pay-fixed and receive-fixed swaps was 18 years and two years, respectively, as of May 31, 2023 and 19 years and three years, respectively, as of May 31, 2022. We present comparative swap curves, which depict the relationship between swap rates at varying maturities, for our reported periods in Table 6 below. 
 
 Comparative Swap Curves 
 
 Table 6 below provides comparative swap curves as of May 31, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Table 6: Comparative Swap Curves 
 
 ___________________________ 
 Benchmark rates obtained from Bloomberg. 
 
 See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Derivative Instruments and Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities for additional information on our derivative instruments. Also refer to Note 14 Fair Value Measurement for information on how we measure the fair value of our derivative instruments. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 
 Non-interest expense consists of salaries and employee benefit expense, general and administrative expenses, gains and losses on the early extinguishment of debt and other miscellaneous expenses. 
 
 Table 7 presents the components of non-interest expense recorded in our consolidated statements of operations in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

42 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 7: Non-Interest Expense 
 Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Non-interest expense components: Salaries and employee benefits (59,011) (51,863) (55,258) Other general and administrative expenses (50,620) (43,323) (39,447) Operating expenses (109,631) (95,186) (94,705) Losses on early extinguishment of debt (117) (754) (1,456) Other non-interest expense (1,487) (1,552) (1,619) Total non-interest expense (111,235) (97,492) (97,780) 
 
 Non-interest expense of 111 million for fiscal year 2023, increased 14 million, or 14 , from fiscal year 2022, primarily attributable to an increase in operating expenses, driven by higher expenses recorded for salaries, information technology, business travel and in-person corporate meetings and events. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests represents 100 of the results of operations of NCSC and RTFC, as the members of NCSC and RTFC own or control 100 of the interest in their respective companies. The fluctuations in net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests are primarily due to changes in the fair value of NCSC s derivative instruments recognized in NCSC s earnings. 
 
 We recorded a net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of less than 1 million for fiscal year 2023. In comparison, we recorded a net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of 3 million and 2 million for fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 
 Total assets increased 2,761 million, or 9 , in fiscal year 2023 to 34,012 million as of May 31, 2023, primarily due to growth in our loan portfolio. We experienced an increase in total liabilities of 2,313 million, or 8 , to 31,423 million as of May 31, 2023, largely due to issuances of debt to fund the growth in our loan portfolio. Total equity increased 447 million to 2,589 million as of May 31, 2023, attributable to our reported net income of 502 million for the current fiscal year, which was partially offset by the CFC Board of Directors authorized patronage capital retirement in July 2022 of 59 million. 
 
 Below is a discussion of changes in the major components of our assets and liabilities during fiscal year 2023. Period-end balance sheet amounts may vary from average balance sheet amounts due to liquidity and balance sheet management activities that are intended to manage our liquidity requirements and market risk exposure in accordance with our risk appetite framework. 
 
 Loan Portfolio 
 
 We segregate our loan portfolio into segments, by legal entity, based on the borrower member class, which consists of CFC distribution, CFC power supply, CFC statewide and associate, NCSC and RTFC. We offer both long-term and line of credit loans to our borrowers. Under our long-term loan facilities, a borrower may select a fixed interest rate or a variable interest rate at the time of each loan advance. Line of credit loans are revolving loan facilities and generally have a variable interest rate. We describe and provide additional information on our member classes under Item 1. Business Members and information about our loan programs and loan product types under Item 1. Business Loan and Guarantee Programs in this Report. 

43 

Table of Con tent s 

 Loans Outstanding 
 
 Table 8 presents loans outstanding by legal entity, member class and loan product type as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 8: Loans Outstanding Amount by Member Class and Loan Type 
 May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Member class: Amount of Total Amount of Total Change CFC: Distribution 25,437,077 78 23,844,242 79 1,592,835 Power supply 5,437,242 17 4,901,770 17 535,472 Statewide and associate 200,368 1 126,863 73,505 CFC 31,074,687 96 28,872,875 96 2,201,812 NCSC 956,874 3 710,878 2 245,996 RTFC 487,788 1 467,601 2 20,187 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 32,519,349 100 30,051,354 100 2,467,995 Deferred loan origination costs CFC (2) 
 12,737 12,032 705 Loans to members 32,532,086 100 30,063,386 100 2,468,700 Loan type: Long-term loans: Fixed-rate 28,371,358 87 26,952,372 90 1,418,986 Variable-rate 1,024,653 3 820,201 2 204,452 Total long-term loans 29,396,011 90 27,772,573 92 1,623,438 Line of credit loans 3,123,338 10 2,278,781 8 844,557 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 32,519,349 100 30,051,354 100 2,467,995 Deferred loan origination costs CFC (2) 
 12,737 12,032 705 Loans to members 32,532,086 100 30,063,386 100 2,468,700 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance, net of discounts, charge-offs and recoveries, of loans as of the end of each period. 
 (2) Deferred loan origination costs are recorded on the books of CFC. 

Loans to members totaled 32,532 million as of May 31, 2023, an increase of 2,469 million, or 8 , from May 31, 2022, reflecting net increases in long-term and line of credit loans of 1,623 million and 845 million, respectively. The increase in line of credit loans was primarily attributable to funding provided for higher operating costs that our members experienced, bridge loans due to delays in RUS financing and broadband bridge loan financing. We experienced increases in CFC distribution loans, CFC power supply loans, CFC statewide and associate loans, NCSC loans and RTFC loans of 1,593 million, 535 million, 74 million, 246 million and 20 million, respectively. 
 
 Long-term loan advances totaled 3,297 million during fiscal year 2023, of which approximately 95 was provided to members for capital expenditures and approximately 2 was provided for the refinancing of loans made by other lenders. In com parison, long-term loan advances totaled 3,386 million during fiscal year 2022, of which approximately 80 was provided to members for capital expenditures and 18 was provided to members for other expenses, primarily to fund operating expenses attributable to the elevated power cost obligations incurred during the February 2021 polar vortex. Of the 3,297 million total long-term loans advanced during fiscal year 2023 , 2,849 million were fixed-rate loan advances with a weighted average fixed-rate term of 18 years. 
 
 We provide information on the credit performance and risk profile of our loan portfolio below under the section Credit Risk Loan Portfolio Credit Risk in this Report. Also refer to Item 1. Business Loan and Guarantee Programs and Note 4 Loans in this Report for addition information on our loans to members. 

44 

Table of Con tent s 

 Debt 
 
 We utilize both short-term borrowings and long-term debt as part of our funding strategy and asset/liability interest rate risk management. We seek to maintain diversified funding sources, including our members, affiliates, the capital markets and other funding sources, across products, programs and markets to manage funding concentrations and reduce our liquidity or debt rollover risk. Our funding sources include a variety of secured and unsecured debt securities in a wide range of maturities to our members, affiliates, the capital markets and other funding sources. 
 
 Debt Product Types 
 
 We offer various short- and long-term unsecured debt securities to our members and affiliates, including commercial paper, select notes, daily liquidity fund notes, medium-term notes and subordinated certificates. We also issue commercial paper, medium-term notes and collateral trust bonds in the capital markets. Additionally, we have access to funds under borrowing arrangements with banks, other non-capital market and U.S. government agencies. Table 9 displays our primary funding sources and their selected key attributes. 
 
 Table 9: Debt Debt Product Types 
 Debt Product Type Maturity Range Market Secured/Unsecured Short-term funding programs: Commercial paper 1 to 270 days Capital markets, members and affiliates Unsecured Select notes 30 to 270 days Members and affiliates Unsecured Daily liquidity fund notes Demand note Members and affiliates Unsecured Securities sold under repurchase agreements 1 to 90 days Capital markets Secured Other funding programs: Medium-term notes 9 months to 30 years Capital markets, members and affiliates Unsecured Collateral trust bonds (1) 
 Up to 30 years Capital markets Secured Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable (2) 
 Up to 30 years U.S. government Secured Farmer Mac notes payable (3) 
 Up to 30 years Other non-capital market Secured Other notes payable (4) 
 Up to 3 years Other non-capital market Both Subordinated deferrable debt (5) 
 Up to 45 years Capital markets Unsecured Members subordinated certificates (6) 
 Up to 100 years Members Unsecured Revolving credit agreements Up to 5 years Bank institutions Unsecured 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Collateral trust bonds are secured by the pledge of permitted investments and eligible mortgage notes from distribution system borrowers in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of collateral trust bonds. 
 (2) Represents notes payable under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program, which supports the Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program. The Federal Financing Bank provides the financing for these notes, and RUS provides a guarantee of repayment. We are required to pledge eligible mortgage notes from distribution and power supply system borrowers in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount of the notes payable. 
 (3) We are required to pledge eligible mortgage notes from distribution and power supply system borrowers in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount under the note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac. 
 (4) Other notes payable consist of unsecured and secured Clean Renewable Energy Bonds. We are required to pledge eligible mortgage notes from distribution and power supply system borrowers in an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal amount under the Clean Renewable Energy Bonds Series 2009A note purchase agreement. 
 (5) Subordinated deferrable debt is subordinate and junior to senior debt and debt obligations we guarantee, but senior to subordinated certificates. We have the right at any time, and from time to time, during the term of the subordinated deferrable debt to suspend interest payments for up to a maximum consecutive interest period. To date, we have not exercised our option to suspend interest payments. We also have the right to call the subordinated deferrable debt, in whole or in part, at par, either at certain intervals or any time after five or 10 years. The specific terms are detailed in each respective subordinated deferrable debt s prospectus supplement. 
 (6) Members subordinated certificates consist of membership subordinated certificates, loan and guarantee certificates and member capital securities, and are subordinated and junior to senior debt, subordinated debt and debt obligations we guarantee. Membership subordinated certificates generally mature 100 years subsequent to issuance. Loan and guarantee subordinated certificates have the same maturity as the related long-term loan. Some certificates also may amortize annually based on the outstanding loan balance. Member capital securities mature 30 years subsequent to issuance. Member capital securities are callable at par beginning either five or 10 years subsequent to the issuance and anytime thereafter. 

45 

Table of Con tent s 

 Debt Outstanding 
 
 Table 10 displays the composition, by product type, of our outstanding debt and the weighted average interest rate as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. Table 10 also displays the composition of our debt based on several additional selected attributes. 
 
 Table 10: Debt Total Debt Outstanding and Weighted-Average Interest Rates May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Outstanding Amount Weighted- Average Interest Rate Outstanding Amount Weighted- Average Interest Rate Change Debt product type: Commercial Paper: Members, at par 1,017,431 4.76 1,358,069 0.92 (340,638) Dealer, net of discounts 1,293,167 5.32 1,024,813 0.96 268,354 Total commercial paper 2,310,598 5.07 2,382,882 0.94 (72,284) Select notes to members 1,630,799 4.96 1,753,441 1.11 (122,642) Daily liquidity fund notes to members 238,329 4.35 427,790 0.80 (189,461) Medium-term notes: Members, at par 731,809 4.31 667,451 1.43 64,358 Dealer, net of discounts 6,131,608 3.52 5,241,687 2.20 889,921 Total medium-term notes 6,863,417 3.60 5,909,138 2.11 954,279 Collateral trust bonds 7,577,973 3.46 6,848,490 3.17 729,483 Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 6,720,643 3.09 6,105,473 2.69 615,170 Farmer Mac notes payable 3,149,898 3.92 3,094,679 2.33 55,219 Other notes payable 1,166 2.91 4,714 1.80 (3,548) Subordinated deferrable debt 1,283,436 6.64 986,518 5.11 296,918 Members subordinated certificates: Membership subordinated certificates 628,614 4.94 628,603 4.95 11 Loan and guarantee subordinated certificates 348,349 2.91 365,388 2.88 (17,039) Member capital securities 246,163 5.01 240,170 5.00 5,993 Total members subordinated certificates 1,223,126 4.38 1,234,161 4.35 (11,035) Total debt outstanding 30,999,385 3.83 28,747,286 2.54 2,252,099 Security type: Secured debt 56 56 Unsecured debt 44 44 Total 100 100 Funding source: Members 16 19 Other non-capital market: Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 22 21 Farmer Mac notes payable 10 11 Total other non-capital market 32 32 Capital markets 52 49 Total 100 100 Interest rate type: Fixed-rate debt 80 77 Variable-rate debt 20 23 Total 100 100 Interest rate type including swaps impact: Fixed-rate debt (1) 
 94 91 Variable-rate debt (2) 
 6 9 Total 100 100 Maturity classification: (3) 
 Short-term borrowings 15 17 Long-term and subordinated debt (4) 
 85 83 Total 100 100 

46 

Table of Con tent s 

 ____________________________ 
 (1) Includes variable-rate debt that has been swapped to a fixed rate, net of any fixed-rate debt that has been swapped to a variable rate. 
 (2) Includes fixed-rate debt that has been swapped to a variable rate, net of any variable-rate debt that has been swapped to a fixed rate. Also includes commercial paper notes, which generally have maturities of less than 90 days. The interest rate on commercial paper notes does not change once the note has been issued; however, the interest rate for new commercial paper issuances changes daily. 
 (3) Borrowings with an original contractual maturity of one year or less are classified as short-term borrowings. Borrowings with an original contractual maturity of greater than one year are classified as long-term debt. 
 (4) Consists of long-term debt, subordinated deferrable debt and total members subordinated debt reported on our consolidated balance sheets. Maturity classification is based on the original contractual maturity as of the date of issuance of the debt. 
 
 We issue debt primarily to fund growth in our loan portfolio. As such, our debt outstanding generally increases and decreases in response to member loan demand. Total debt outstanding totaling 30,999 million as of May 31, 2023 increased by 2,252 million, or 8 , from May 31, 2022, due to borrowings to fund the increase in loans to members. Outstanding dealer commercial paper of 1,293 million as of May 31, 2023 was within our quarter-end target range of 1,000 million to 1,500 million. We provide additional information on our financing activities during fiscal year 2023 in the below section Liquidity Risk of this Report. 
 
 Member Investments 
 
 Debt securities issued to our members represent an important, stable source of funding. Table 11 displays member debt outstanding, by product type, as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 11: Debt Member Investments 
 May 31, Change 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total (1) 
 Amount of Total (1) 
 Member investment product type: Commercial paper 1,017,431 44 1,358,069 57 (340,638) Select notes 1,630,799 100 1,753,441 100 (122,642) Daily liquidity fund notes 238,329 100 427,790 100 (189,461) Medium-term notes 731,809 11 667,451 11 64,358 Members subordinated certificates 1,223,126 100 1,234,161 100 (11,035) Total member investments 4,841,494 5,440,912 (599,418) Percentage of total debt outstanding 16 19 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents outstanding debt attributable to members for each debt product type as a percentage of the total outstanding debt for each debt product type. 
 
 Member investments accounted for 16 and 19 of total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Member investments totaling 4,841 million as of May 31, 2023 decreased 599 million from May 31, 2022, primarily attributable to the decline in short-term member investments as our members had less excess cash on hand due to their continued capital expenditure needs. Over the last three fiscal years, our member investments have averaged 5,162 million, calculated based on outstanding member investments as of the end of each fiscal quarter during the period. 
 
 Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 Short-term borrowings consist of borrowings with an original contractual maturity of one year or less and do not include the current portion of long-term debt. Short-term borrowings decreased to 4,546 million as of May 31, 2023, from 4,981 million as of May 31, 2022, primarily driven by a decrease in short-term member investments, partially offset by an increase in outstanding dealer commercial paper. Short-term borrowings accounted for 15 and 17 of total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. See Liquidity Risk below and Note 6 Short-Term Borrowings for information on the composition of our short-term borrowings. 

47 

Table of Con tent s 

 Long-Term and Subordinated Debt 
 
 Long-term debt, defined as debt with an original contractual maturity term of greater than one year, primarily consists of medium-term notes, collateral trust bonds, notes payable under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program and notes payable under the Farmer Mac revolving note purchase agreement. Subordinated debt consists of subordinated deferrable debt and members subordinated certificates. Our subordinated deferrable debt and members subordinated certificates have original contractual maturity terms of greater than one year. 
 
 Long-term and subordinated debt increased to 26,453 million as of May 31, 2023, from 23,766 million as of May 31, 2022, primarily due to a net increase of 889 million in dealer medium-term notes, 729 million in collateral trust bonds, 615 million in notes payable under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program and 297 million in subordinated deferrable debt to fund loan portfolio growth during fiscal year 2023. Long-term and subordinated debt accounted for 85 and 83 of total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We provide additional information on our long-term debt below under the section Liquidity Risk and Note 7 Long-Term Debt and Note 8 Subordinated Deferrable Debt in this Report. 
 
 Equity 
 
 Table 12 presents the components of total CFC equity and total equity as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 12: Equity May 31, Change (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Equity components: Membership fees and educational fund: Membership fees 969 970 (1) Educational fund 2,565 2,417 148 Total membership fees and educational fund 3,534 3,387 147 Patronage capital allocated 1,006,115 954,988 51,127 Members capital reserve 1,202,152 1,062,286 139,866 Total allocated equity 2,211,801 2,020,661 191,140 Unallocated net income (loss): Prior fiscal year-end cumulative derivative forward value gains (losses) (1) 
 92,363 (461,162) 553,525 Year-to-date derivative forward value gains (1) 
 250,261 553,525 (303,264) Period-end cumulative derivative forward value gains (1) 
 342,624 92,363 250,261 Other unallocated net loss (709) (709) Unallocated net income 341,915 91,654 250,261 CFC retained equity 2,553,716 2,112,315 441,401 Accumulated other comprehensive income 8,343 2,258 6,085 Total CFC equity 2,562,059 2,114,573 447,486 Noncontrolling interests 27,190 27,396 (206) Total equity 2,589,249 2,141,969 447,280 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents derivative forward value gains (losses) for CFC only, as total CFC equity does not include the noncontrolling interests of the variable interest entities NCSC and RTFC, which we are required to consolidate. We present the consolidated total derivative forward value gains (losses) in Table 36 in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section below. Also, see Note 16 Business Segments for the statements of operations for CFC. 
 
 The increase in total equity of 447 million to 2,589 million as of May 31, 2023 was attributable to our reported net income of 502 million for fiscal year 2023, partially offset by the CFC Board of Directors authorized patronage capital retirement in July 2022 of 59 million. 

48 

Table of Con tent s 

 Allocation and Retirement of Patronage Capital 
 
 We are subject to District of Columbia law governing cooperatives, under which CFC is required to make annual allocations of net earnings, if any, in accordance with the provisions of the District of Columbia statutes. District of Columbia cooperative law requires cooperatives to allocate net earnings to patrons, to a general reserve in an amount sufficient to maintain a balance of at least 50 of paid-up capital and to a cooperative educational fund, as well as permits additional allocations to board-approved reserves. District of Columbia cooperative law also requires that a cooperative s net earnings be allocated to all patrons in proportion to their individual patronage and each patron s allocation be distributed to the patron unless the patron agrees that the cooperative may retain its share as additional capital. Pursuant to these provisions, the CFC Board of Directors is required to make annual allocations of net earnings, if any. CFC s net earnings for determining allocations are based on non-GAAP adjusted net income, which excludes the impact of derivative forward value gains (losses). We provide a reconciliation of our adjusted net income to our reported net income and an explanation of the adjustments below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 In May 2023, the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of 1 million of net earnings for fiscal year 2023 to the cooperative educational fund. In July 2023, the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of fiscal year 2023 adjusted net income as follows: 110 million to members in the form of patronage capital and 140 million to the members capital reserve. In July 2023, the CFC Board of Directors also authorized the retirement of patronage capital totaling 72 million, of which 55 million represented 50 of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2023 and 17 million represented the portion of the allocation from fiscal year 1998 net earnings that had been held for 25 years pursuant to the CFC Board of Directors policy. We expect to return the authorized patronage capital retirement amount of 72 million to members in cash in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. The remaining portion of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2023 will be retained by CFC for 25 years pursuant to the guidelines adopted by the CFC Board of Directors in June 2009. 
 
 In May 2022, the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of 1 million of net earnings for fiscal year 2022 to the cooperative educational fund. In July 2022 the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of fiscal year 2022 adjusted net income as follows: 89 million to members in the form of patronage capital and 153 million to the members capital reserve. In July 2022, the CFC Board of Directors also authorized the retirement of patronage capital totaling 59 million, of which 44 million represented 50 of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2022 and 15 million represented the portion of the allocation from fiscal year 1997 net earnings that had been held for 25 years pursuant to the CFC Board of Directors policy. This amount was returned to members in cash in September 2022. The remaining portion of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2022 will be retained by CFC for 25 years pursuant to the guidelines adopted by the CFC Board of Directors in June 2009. 
 
 The CFC Board of Directors is required to make annual allocations of adjusted net income, if any. CFC has made annual retirements of allocated net earn ings in 43 of the last 44 fiscal years; howev er, future retirements of allocated amounts are determined based on CFC s financial condition. The CFC Board of Directors has the authority to change the current practice for allocating and retiring net earnings at any time, subject to applicable laws. 

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Overview 
 
 CFC has an Enterprise Risk Management ERM framework that is designed to identify, assess, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our activities to serve the financial needs of our members. We face a variety of risks that can significantly affect our financial performance, liquidity, reputation and ability to meet the expectations of our members, investors and other stakeholders. As a financial services company, the major categories of risk exposures inherent in our business activities include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk and operational risk. These risk categories are summarized below. 
 
 Credit risk is the risk that a borrower or other counterparty will be unable to meet its obligations in accordance with agreed-upon terms. 

49 

Table of Con tent s 

 Liquidity risk is the risk that we will be unable to fund our operations and meet our contractual obligations or that we will be unable to fund new loans to borrowers at a reasonable cost and tenor in a timely manner. 
 
 Market risk is the risk that changes in market variables, such as movements in interest rates, may adversely affect the match between the timing of the contractual maturities, repricing and prepayments of our financial assets and the related financial liabilities funding those assets. 
 
 Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal controls, processes, systems, human error or external events, including natural disasters or public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Operational risk also includes cybersecurity risk, compliance risk, fiduciary risk, reputational risk and litigation risk. 
 
 Effective risk management is critical to our overall operations and to achieving our primary objective of providing cost-based financial products to our rural electric members while maintaining the sound financial results required for investment-grade credit ratings on our rated debt instruments. Accordingly, we have a risk-management framework that is intended to govern the principal risks we face in conducting our business and the aggregate amount of risk we are willing to accept, referred to as risk tolerance as well as risk limits and related guidelines, in the context of CFC s mission and strategic objectives and initiatives. 
 
 Risk-Management Framework 
 
 Our ERM framework consists of a defined policy and process for managing key risks in alignment with CFC s mission and the CFC Board of Director s strategic objectives. The board of directors has responsibility for the oversight and strategic direction of the ERM framework and has adopted a comprehensive risk-management policy that describes the roles and responsibilities of the board and management within this framework for identifying and managing risks. In fulfilling its risk-management oversight duties, the board of directors receives periodic reports on business activities and risk-management activities from management. Throughout the year at its periodic meetings, the CFC Board of Directors reviews important trends and emerging developments across key risks determined by management. The board also establishes CFC s loan policies and has established a Loan Committee of the board comprising no fewer than 10 directors that reviews the performance of the loan portfolio in accordance with those policies. For additional information about the role of the CFC Board of Directors in risk governance and oversight, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 The Enterprise Risk Group provides independent oversight and support in the establishment of CFC s ERM framework, and is responsible for establishing and maintaining internal controls to mitigate key risks. In addition, we have a number of management-level risk oversight committees across the organization and groups within the organization that have a defined set of authorities and responsibilities specific to one or more risk types, including the Corporate Credit Committee, Asset Liability Committee, Investment Management Committee, Information Technology Steering Committee and Disclosure Committee. The Chief Risk Officer provides reports to the board of directors at each regularly scheduled board meeting, and more frequently as requested by the board of directors, relating to, among other things, the ongoing progress of managing risk at CFC given the ERM framework; management s responses for the critical business risks identified during the risk assessment process and the status of any gaps or deficiencies; and CFC s risk profile and trends, as well as emerging risks and opportunities. 

CREDIT RISK 
 
 Our loan portfolio, which represents the largest component of assets on our balance sheet, accounts for the substantial majority of our credit risk exposure. We also engage in certain nonlending activities that may give rise to counterparty credit risk, such as entering into derivative transactions to manage interest rate risk and purchasing investment securities. 
 
 Credit Risk Management 
 
 We manage credit risk related to our loan portfolio consistent with credit policies established by the CFC Board of Directors and through credit underwriting, approval and monitoring processes and practices adopted by management. Our board-established credit policies include guidelines regarding the types of credit products we offer, limits on credit we extend to 

50 

Table of Con tent s 

 individual borrowers, approval authorities delegated to management, and use of syndications and loan sales. We maintain an internal risk rating system in which we assign a rating to each borrower and credit facility. We review and update the risk ratings at least annually. Assigned risk ratings inform our credit approval, borrower monitoring and portfolio review processes. Our Corporate Credit Committee approves individual credit actions within its own authority and, together with our Credit Risk Management group, establishes standards for credit underwriting, oversees credits deemed to be higher risk, reviews assigned risk ratings for accuracy, and monitors the overall credit quality and performance statistics of our loan portfolio. 
 
 Loan Portfolio Credit Risk 
 
 Our primary credit exposure is loans to rural electric cooperatives, which provide essential electric services to end-users, the majority of which are residential customers. We also have a limited portfolio of loans to not-for-profit and for-profit telecommunication companies. Loans outstanding to electric utility organizations totaled 32,032 million and 29,584 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, re presenting 99 and 98 of t otal loans outstanding as of each respective date. The remaining loans outstanding in our loan portfolio were to RTFC members, affiliates and associates in the telecommunications industry sector. The substantial majority of loans to our borrowers are long-term fixed-rate loans with terms of up to 35 years. Long-term fixed-rate loans accounted for 87 and 90 of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Because we lend primarily to our rural electric utility cooperative members, we have had a loan portfolio inherently subject to single-industry and single-obligor credit concentration risk since our inception in 1969. We historically, however, have experienced limited defaults and losses in our electric utility loan portfolio due to several factors. First, the majority of our electric cooperative borrowers operate in states where electric cooperatives are not subject to rate regulation. Thus, they are able to make rate adjustments to pass along increased costs to the end customer without first obtaining state regulatory approval, allowing them to cover operating costs and generate sufficient earnings and cash flows to service their debt obligations. Second, electric cooperatives face limited competition, as they tend to operate in exclusive territories not serviced by public investor-owned utilities. Third, electric cooperatives typically are consumer-owned, not-for-profit entities that provide an essential service to end-users, the majority of which are residential customers. As not-for-profit entities, rural electric cooperatives, unlike investor-owned utilities, generally are eligible to apply for assistance from the Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA and states to help recover from major disasters or emergencies. Fourth, electric cooperatives tend to adhere to a conservative core business strategy model that has historically resulted in a relatively stable, resilient operating environment and overall strong financial performance and credit strength for the electric cooperative network. Finally, we generally lend to our members on a senior secured basis, which reduces the risk of loss in the event of a borrower default. 
 
 Below we provide information on the credit risk profile of our loan portfolio, including security provisions, credit concentration, credit quality indicators and our allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Security Provisions 
 
 Except when providing line of credit loans, we generally lend to our members on a senior secured basis. Long-term loans are generally secured on parity with other secured lenders (primarily RUS), if any, by all assets and revenue of the borrower with exceptions typical in utility mortgages. Line of credit loans are generally unsecured. In addition to the collateral pledged to secure our loans, distribution and power supply borrowers also are required to set rates charged to customers to achieve certain specified financial ratios. Table 13 presents, by legal entity and member class and by loan type, secured and unsecured loans in our loan portfolio as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. Of our total loans outstanding, 92 and 93 were secured as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

51 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 13: Loans Loan Portfolio Security Profile 
 May 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Secured of Total Unsecured of Total Total Member class: CFC: Distribution 23,736,624 93 1,700,453 7 25,437,077 Power supply 4,633,558 85 803,684 15 5,437,242 Statewide and associate 157,342 79 43,026 21 200,368 Total CFC 28,527,524 92 2,547,163 8 31,074,687 NCSC 925,925 97 30,949 3 956,874 RTFC 462,209 95 25,579 5 487,788 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 29,915,658 92 2,603,691 8 32,519,349 Loan type: Long-term loans: Fixed-rate 28,203,752 99 167,606 1 28,371,358 Variable-rate 1,022,841 100 1,812 1,024,653 Total long-term loans 29,226,593 99 169,418 1 29,396,011 Line of credit loans 689,065 22 2,434,273 78 3,123,338 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 29,915,658 92 2,603,691 8 32,519,349 
 May 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Secured of Total Unsecured of Total Total Member class: CFC: Distribution 22,405,486 94 1,438,756 6 23,844,242 Power supply 4,455,098 91 446,672 9 4,901,770 Statewide and associate 83,759 66 43,104 34 126,863 Total CFC 26,944,343 93 1,928,532 7 28,872,875 NCSC 689,887 97 20,991 3 710,878 RTFC 454,985 97 12,616 3 467,601 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 28,089,215 93 1,962,139 7 30,051,354 Loan type: Long-term loans: Fixed-rate 26,731,763 99 220,609 1 26,952,372 Variable-rate 817,866 100 2,335 820,201 Total long-term loans 27,549,629 99 222,944 1 27,772,573 Line of credit loans 539,586 24 1,739,195 76 2,278,781 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 28,089,215 93 1,962,139 7 30,051,354 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance, net of discounts, charge-offs and recoveries of loans as of the end of each period. Excludes unamortized deferred loan origination costs of 13 million and 12 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Credit Concentration 
 
 Concentrations of credit may exist when a lender has large credit exposures to single borrowers, large credit exposures to borrowers in the same industry sector or engaged in similar activities or large credit exposures to borrowers in a geographic 

52 

Table of Con tent s 

 region that would cause the borrowers to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions in the region. As discussed above under Credit Risk Loan Portfolio Credit Risk, because we lend primarily to our rural electric utility cooperative members, our loan portfolio is inherently subject to single-industry and single-obligor credit concentration risk. Loans outstanding to electric utility organizations totaled 32,032 million and 29,584 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and represented approximately 99 and 98 of our total loans outstanding as of each respective date. Our credit exposure is partially mitigated by long-term loans guaranteed by RUS, which totaled 123 million and 131 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Single-Obligor Concentration 
 
 Table 14 displays the outstanding loan exposure for our 20 largest borrowers, by legal entity and member class, as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. Our 20 largest borrowers consisted of 10 distribution systems and 10 power supply systems as of May 31, 2023. In comparison, our 20 largest borrowers consisted of 12 distribution systems and eight power supply systems as of May 31, 2022. The largest total exposure to a single borrower or controlled group represented 1 of total loans outstanding as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 14: Loans Loan Exposure to 20 Largest Borrowers 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Member class: CFC: Distribution 3,600,193 11 3,929,160 13 Power supply 2,782,098 9 2,095,640 7 Total CFC 6,382,291 20 6,024,800 20 NCSC 205,321 195,001 1 Total loan exposure to 20 largest borrowers 6,587,612 20 6,219,801 21 Less: Loans covered under Farmer Mac standby purchase commitment 
 (266,754) (1) (316,367) (1) Net loan exposure to 20 largest borrowers 6,320,858 19 5,903,434 20 
 
 We entered into a long-term standby purchase commitment agreement with Farmer Mac during fiscal year 2016. Under this agreement, we may designate certain long-term loans to be covered under the commitment, subject to approval by Farmer Mac, and in the event any such loan later goes into payment default for at least 90 days, upon request by us, Farmer Mac must purchase such loan at par value. The aggregate unpaid principal balance of designated and Farmer Mac approved loans was 436 million and 493 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Loan exposure to our 20 largest borrowers covered under the Farmer Mac agreement totaled 267 million and 316 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which reduced our exposure to the 20 largest borrowers to 19 and 20 as of each respective date. No loans have been put to Farmer Mac for purchase pursuant to this agreement. 
 
 Geographic Concentration 
 
 Although our organizational structure and mission result in single-industry concentration, we serve a geographically diverse group of electric and telecommunications borrowers throughout the U.S. The consolidated number of borrowers with loans outstanding totaled 884 and 883 as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, located in 49 states and the District of Columbia. Of the 884 and 883 borrowers with loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 52 and 49 were electric power supply borrowers as of each respective date . Electric power supply borrowers generally require significantly more capital than electric distribution and telecommunications borrowers. 
 
 Texas accounted for the largest number of borrowers with loans outstanding in any one state as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022, as well as the largest concentration of loan exposure in any one state. Table 15 presents the Texas-based number of borrowers and loans outstanding by legal entity and member class, as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

53 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 15: Loans Loan Exposure to Texas-Based Borrowers 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Borrowers Amount of Total Number of Borrowers Amount of Total Member class: CFC: Distribution 57 4,319,937 13 57 3,984,887 13 Power supply 8 1,128,941 4 8 1,089,896 4 Statewide and associate 1 51,504 1 29,335 Total CFC 66 5,500,382 17 66 5,104,118 17 NCSC 1 16,667 1 378 RTFC 2 11,755 1 5,853 Total loan exposure to Texas-based borrowers 69 5,528,804 17 68 5,110,349 17 Less: Loans covered under Farmer Mac standby purchase commitment 
 (155,409) (163,369) (1) Net loan exposure to Texas-based borrowers 5,373,395 17 4,946,980 16 
 
 Table 16 provides a breakdown, by state or U.S. territory, of the total number of borrowers with loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 and the outstanding loan exposure to borrowers in each jurisdiction as a percentage of total loans outstanding of 32,519 million and 30,051 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

54 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 16: Loans Loan Geographic Concentration 
 May 31, 2023 2022 U.S. State/Territory Number of Borrowers of Total Loans Outstanding Number of Borrowers of Total Loans Outstanding Alabama 21 2.50 21 2.37 Alaska 16 3.40 16 3.29 Arizona 10 1.15 11 0.95 Arkansas 22 3.39 21 2.42 California 4 0.13 4 0.12 Colorado 27 5.22 27 5.53 Delaware 3 0.22 3 0.26 District of Columbia 1 0.06 1 0.10 Florida 19 3.96 19 3.65 Georgia 45 5.39 45 5.33 Hawaii 2 0.27 2 0.32 Idaho 10 0.34 10 0.41 Illinois 31 3.02 32 3.23 Indiana 40 3.84 40 3.67 Iowa 36 2.37 35 2.31 Kansas 28 3.43 28 3.78 Kentucky 23 2.84 23 2.47 Louisiana 8 1.96 8 2.49 Maine 3 0.07 3 0.07 Maryland 2 1.39 2 1.48 Massachusetts 1 0.19 1 0.20 Michigan 11 1.73 11 1.70 Minnesota 44 2.06 46 2.16 Mississippi 22 2.13 21 1.86 Missouri 43 5.58 44 5.65 Montana 21 0.76 23 0.80 Nebraska 9 0.08 9 0.10 Nevada 7 0.70 8 0.82 New Hampshire 2 0.38 2 0.36 New Jersey 2 0.07 2 0.07 New Mexico 11 0.16 12 0.17 New York 19 0.44 13 0.42 North Carolina 26 2.76 26 2.85 North Dakota 15 2.66 16 2.83 Ohio 27 2.00 27 2.10 Oklahoma 24 3.31 25 3.18 Oregon 18 1.52 19 1.24 Pennsylvania 15 1.74 15 1.75 Rhode Island 1 0.03 1 0.03 South Carolina 23 2.54 23 2.80 South Dakota 29 0.60 29 0.67 Tennessee 19 0.79 17 0.78 Texas 69 17.00 68 17.01 Utah 4 0.80 4 0.78 Vermont 4 0.15 5 0.16 Virginia 18 1.17 17 1.38 Washington 9 0.92 10 1.02 West Virginia 2 0.03 2 0.03 Wisconsin 26 1.84 24 1.79 Wyoming 12 0.91 12 1.04 Total 884 100.00 883 100.00 

55 

Table of Con tent s 

 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 Assessing the overall credit quality of our loan portfolio and measuring our credit risk is an ongoing process that involves tracking payment status, troubled debt restructurings, nonperforming loans, charge-offs, the internal risk ratings of our borrowers and other indicators of credit risk. We monitor and subject each borrower and loan facility in our loan portfolio to an individual risk assessment based on quantitative and qualitative factors. Payment status trends and internal risk ratings are indicators, among others, of the probability of borrower default and overall credit quality of our loan portfolio. We believe the overall credit quality of our loan portfolio remained strong as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 
 We actively monitor problem loans and, from time to time, attempt to work with borrowers to manage such exposures through loan workouts or modifications that better align with the borrower s current ability to pay. A loan restructuring or modification of terms is accounted for as a TDR if, for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, a concession is granted to the borrower that we would not otherwise consider. TDR loans generally are initially classified as nonperforming and placed on nonaccrual status, although in many cases such loans were already classified as nonperforming prior to modification. These loans may be returned to performing status and the accrual of interest resumed if the borrower performs under the modified terms for an extended period of time, and we expect the borrower to continue to perform in accordance with the modified terms. In certain limited circumstances in which a TDR loan is current at the modification date, the loan may remain on accrual status at the time of modification. Although TDR loans may be returned to performing status if the borrower performs under the modified terms of the loan for an extended period of time, we evaluate TDR loans on an individual basis in measuring expected credit losses for these loans. 
 
 Table 17 presents the outstanding amount of modified loans accounted for as TDRs, by member class, and the performance status of these loans as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 17: Loans Troubled Debt Restructured Loans 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Borrowers Outstanding Amount (1) 
 of Total Loans Outstanding Number of Borrowers Outstanding Amount (1) 
 of Total Loans Outstanding TDR loans: CFC Distribution 
 1 4,638 0.02 1 5,092 0.02 CFC Power Supply 
 1 22,875 0.07 RTFC 1 3,592 0.01 1 4,092 0.01 Total TDR loans 3 31,105 0.10 2 9,184 0.03 Performance status of TDR loans: Performing TDR loans 
 2 8,230 0.03 2 9,184 0.03 Nonperforming TDR loans 
 1 22,875 0.07 Total TDR loans 3 31,105 0.10 2 9,184 0.03 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance net of charge-offs and recoveries as of the end of each period. 
 
 TDR loans totaled 31 million as of May 31, 2023, an increase of 22 million from May 31, 2022, primarily due to the classification of Brazos nonperforming loans to TDR loans during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. The performing TDR loans outstanding have been performing in accordance with the terms of their respective restructured loan agreements for an extended period of time and were on accrual status as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 We had nonperforming TDR loans outstanding to Brazos totaling 23 million as of May 31, 2023, which were on non-accrual status as of May 31, 2023. Brazos, a CFC Texas-based electric power supply borrower, filed for bankruptcy in March 2021 due to its exposure to elevated wholesale electric power costs during the February 2021 polar vortex. On November 14, 2022, Brazos plan of reorganization was confirmed by the bankruptcy court and it became effective on 

56 

Table of Con tent s 

 December 15, 2022. Due to Brazos experiencing financial difficulty and the principal loan concession provided to Brazos by the bankruptcy court as part of its approval of Brazos plan of reorganization, which was effective on December 15, 2022, the remaining Brazos loans outstanding were moved from nonperforming loans and classified as nonperforming TDR loans during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. We did not have any TDR loans classified as nonperforming as of May 31, 2022. Prior to the Brazos loan restructuring, we have not had any loan modifications that were required to be accounted for as TDRs since fiscal year 2016. In June 2023, we received the remaining payment of Brazos loans outstanding of 23 million in accordance with the provisions of Brazos plan of reorganization to repay its loans in full. 
 
 Nonperforming Loans 
 
 In addition to TDR loans that may be classified as nonperforming, we also may have nonperforming loans that have not been modified as a TDR. We classify such loans as nonperforming at the earlier of the date when we determine: (i) interest or principal payments on the loan is past due 90 days or more; (ii) as a result of court proceedings, the collection of interest or principal payments based on the original contractual terms is not expected; or (iii) the full and timely collection of interest or principal is otherwise uncertain. Once a loan is classified as nonperforming, we generally place the loan on nonaccrual status. Interest accrued but not collected at the date a loan is placed on nonaccrual status is reversed against earnings. Table 18 presents the outstanding balance of nonperforming loans, by member class, as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 18: Loans Nonperforming Loans 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Number of Borrowers Outstanding Amount (1) 
 of Total Loans Outstanding Number of Borrowers Outstanding Amount (1) 
 of Total Loans Outstanding Nonperforming loans: CFC Power supply 
 2 89,334 0.27 3 227,790 0.76 Total nonperforming loans 2 89,334 0.27 3 227,790 0.76 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance net of charge-offs and recoveries as of the end of each period. 
 
 Nonperforming loan s totaled 89 million as of May 31, 2023, a decrease of 139 million from May 31, 2022, due to the receipt of loan principal payments, the partial charge-offs related to the Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek nonperforming loans, and the classification of Brazos nonperforming loans to nonperforming TDR loans during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023 , as discussed above. Brazos loans outstanding accounted for 86 million of our total nonperforming loans as of May 31, 2022 and were delinquent and on nonaccrual as of this date. 
 
 Brazos Sandy Creek, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brazos and a CFC Texas-based electric power supply borrower, filed for bankruptcy in March 2022 following the filing of a motion by Brazos to reject its power purchase agreement with Brazos Sandy Creek as part of Brazos bankruptcy proceedings. Brazos Sandy Creek s loan outstanding accounted for 4 million and 28 million of our total nonperforming loans as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and was delinquent and on nonaccrual as of each date. The loan is secured by Brazos Sandy Creek s 25 tenant-in-common TIC ownership interest in the Brazos Sandy Creek Energy Station the Plant ), and its rights under a power purchase agreement PPA with Brazos for the output of the Brazos Sandy Creek Energy Station attributable to the TIC interest. On December 20, 2022, Brazos Sandy Creek s 25 TIC ownership interest in the Plant was sold for a credit bid of 105 million to Riesel HoldCo, LLC HoldCo, an entity formed by the Brazos Sandy Creek noteholders. CFC was allocated ownership shares in HoldCo based on its 7.41 share in the 105 million credit bid, which totaled 8 million that was recorded as an equity investment in HoldCo during the current fiscal year in the other assets line of our consolidated balance sheets and reduced the Brazos Sandy Creek loan balance by the same amount. HoldCo intends to manage its ownership interest in the Plant directly and potentially sell it at a future date; however, HoldCo has no current timeline for its disposition. In July 2023, we received the remaining payment of Brazos Sandy Creek s loan outstanding of 4 million to repay its loans in full. 
 
 Net Charge-Offs 
 
 Charge-offs represent the amount of a loan that has been removed from our consolidated balance sheet when the loan is deemed uncollectible. Generally the amount of a charge-off is the recorded investment in excess of the discounted expected 

57 

Table of Con tent s 

 cash flows from the loan, or, if the loan is collateral dependent, the fair value of the underlying collateral securing the loan. We report charge-offs net of amounts recovered on previously charged off loans. We experienced charge-offs totaling 15 million for the CFC electric power supply loan portfolio related to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans during fiscal year 2023, which resulted in a net charge-off rate of 0.05 . In comparison, we had no loan charge-offs during fiscal years 2022 and 2021. Prior to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek s bankruptcy filings, we had not experienced any defaults or charge-offs in our electric utility and telecommunications loan portfolios since fiscal years 2013 and 2017, respectively. 
 
 In our 54-year history, we have experienced only 18 defaults in our electric utility loan portfolio, which includes our most recent defaults by Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek due to their bankruptcy filing in March 2021 and March 2022, respectively. Of the 18 defaults, one remains unresolved with an expected ultimate resolution date in calendar year 2025; nine resulted in no loss; and eight resulted in cumulative net charge-offs of 101 million. Of this amount, 82 million was attributable to seven electric power supply cooperatives and 19 million was attributable to one electric distribution cooperative. We historically have experienced high recovery rates for our electric loan portfolio. This can be attributed to several factors (i) the unique organizational structure and operating environment of rural electric utility cooperatives, (ii) our lending policy that typically mandates a senior security position on borrowers assets and revenue for long-term loans, (iii) the significant investment our member borrowers have in CFC and (iv) our collaborative approach when working with members in the event of a default. We cite the factors that have historically contributed to the relatively low risk of default by our electric utility cooperatives, our principal lending market, above under Credit Risk Loan Portfolio Credit Risk. 
 
 In comparison, since inception in 1987, we have experienced 17 defaults and cumulative net charge-offs of 427 million in our telecommunications loan portfolio, the most significant of which was a charge-off of 354 million in fiscal year 2011. 
 
 Borrower Risk Ratings 
 
 As part of our management of credit risk, we maintain a credit risk-rating framework under which we employ a consistent process for assessing the credit quality of our loan portfolio. We evaluate each borrower and loan facility in our loan portfolio and assign internal borrower and loan facility risk ratings based on consideration of a number of quantitative and qualitative factors. We categorize loans in our portfolio based on our internally assigned borrower risk ratings, which are intended to assess the general creditwort hiness of the borrower and probability of default. Our borrower risk ratings align with the U.S. federal banking regulatory agencies credit risk definitions of pass and criticized categories, with the criticized category further segmented among special mention, substandard and dou btful. Pass ratings reflect relatively low probability of default, while criticized ratings have a higher probability of default. Our internally assigned borrower risk ratings serve as the primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio. Because our internal borrower risk ratings provide important information on the probability of default, they are a key input in determining our allowance for credit losses. 
 
 We use our internal risk ratings to measure the credit risk of each borrower and loan facility, identify or confirm problem or potential problem loans in a timely manner, differentiate risk within each of our portfolio segments, assess the overall credit quality of our loan portfolio and manage overall risk levels. Our internally assigned borrower risk ratings, which we map to equivalent credit ratings by external credit rating agencies, serve as the primary credit quality indicator for our loan portfolio. Because our internal borrower risk ratings provide important information on the probability of default, they are a key input in estimating our allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Criticized loans totaled 323 million and 494 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and represented approximately 1 and 2 of total loans outstanding as of each respective date. The decrease of 171 million in criticized loans was due primarily to loan payments received from a CFC electric distribution borrower in the special mention category, and from a CFC electric power supply borrower, Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek in the doubtful category, and the partial charge-offs related to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek during fiscal year 2023 . Each of the borrowers with loans outstanding in the criticized category, with the exception of Brazos Sandy Creek, was current with regard to all principal and interest amounts due to us as of May 31, 2023. In contrast, each of the borrowers with loans outstanding in the criticized category, with the exception of Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, which filed for bankruptcy in March 2021 and March 2022, respectively, was current with regard to all principal and interest amounts due to us as of May 31, 2022. As mentioned above, s ubsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we received the remaining loan payments of 23 million and 4 million from Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, respectively, to repay their loans in full. See Troubled Debt Restructurings and N onperforming Loans above for additional information on Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, respectively. 

58 

Table of Con tent s 

 We provide additional information on our borrower risk rating classifications, including the amount of loans outstanding in each of the criticized loan categories of special mention, substandard and doubtful, in Note 1 Summary of Significant 
 Accounting Policies and Note 4 Loans in this Report. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 We are required to maintain an allowance based on a current estimate of credit losses that are expected to occur over the remaining contractual term of the loans in our portfolio. Our allowance for credit losses consists of a collective allowance and an asset-specific allowance. The collective allowance is established for loans in our portfolio that share similar risk characteristics and are therefore evaluated on a collective, or pool, basis in measuring expected credit losses. The asset-specific allowance is established for loans in our portfolio that do not share similar risk characteristics with other loans in our portfolio and are therefore evaluated on an individual basis in measuring expected credit losses. 
 
 Table 19 presents, by legal entity and member class, loans outstanding and the related allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 and the allowance components as of each date. 
 
 Table 19: Allowance for Credit Losses by Borrower Member Class and Evaluation Methodology 
 May 31, 2023 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) Loans Outstanding (1) 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance Coverage Ratio (2) 
 Loans Outstanding (1) 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Allowance Coverage Ratio (2) 
 Member class: CFC: Distribution 25,437,077 14,924 0.06 23,844,242 15,781 0.07 Power supply 5,437,242 33,306 0.61 4,901,770 47,793 0.98 Statewide and associate 200,368 1,194 0.60 126,863 1,251 0.99 Total CFC 31,074,687 49,424 0.16 28,872,875 64,825 0.22 NCSC 956,874 2,464 0.26 710,878 1,449 0.20 RTFC 487,788 1,206 0.25 467,601 1,286 0.28 Total 32,519,349 53,094 0.16 30,051,354 67,560 0.22 Allowance components: Collective allowance 32,398,910 27,335 0.08 29,814,380 28,876 0.10 Asset-specific allowance 120,439 25,759 21.39 236,974 38,684 16.32 Total 32,519,349 53,094 0.16 30,051,354 67,560 0.22 Allowance coverage ratios: Nonaccrual loans (3) 
 112,209 47.32 227,790 29.66 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance, net of discounts, charge-offs and recoveries, of loans as of each period-end. Excludes unamortized deferred loan origination costs of 13 million and 12 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Calculated based on the allowance for credit losses attributable to each member class and allowance components at period-end divided by the related loans outstanding at period-end. 
 (3) Calculated based on the total allowance for credit losses at period-end divided by loans outstanding classified as nonperforming and nonperforming TDR loans, and on nonaccrual status at period-end. Nonaccrual loans represented 0.35 and 0.76 of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We provide additional information on our nonaccrual loans in Note 4 Loans in this Report. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio was 53 million and 0.16 , respectively, as of May 31, 2023, a decrease of 15 million and 6 basis points, respectively, from May 31, 2022, due to reductions in the asset-specific allowance and the collective allowance of 13 million and 2 million, respectively. The decrease in asset-specific allowance was primarily attributable to charge-offs totaling 15 million related to the Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans, partially offset by an increase in the asset-specific allowance for Brazos, Brazos Sandy Creek and a nonperforming CFC power supply loan, due to a reduction and timing change in the expected payments on this loan. The decrease in the collective 

59 

Table of Con tent s 

 allowance was primarily attributable to an improvement in the credit quality and risk profile of our loan portfolio, and in the timing of the scheduled loan-level amortization amounts of our loan portfolio, partially offset by an increase in the collective allowance due to the loan portfolio growth. 
 
 We discuss our methodology for estimating the allowance for credit losses under the CECL model in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses and provide information on management s judgment and the uncertainties involved in our determination of the allowance for credit losses in the above section Critical Accounting Estimates Allowance for Credit Losses of this Report. We provide additional information on our loans and allowance for credit losses under Note 4 Loans and Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses of this Report. 
 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 
 In addition to credit exposure from our borrowers, we enter into other types of financial transactions in the ordinary course of business that expose us to counterparty credit risk, primarily related to transactions involving our cash and cash equivalents, securities held in our investment securities portfolio and derivatives. We mitigate our risk by only entering into these transactions with counterparties with investment-grade ratings, establishing operational guidelines and counterparty exposure limits and monitoring our counterparty credit risk position. We evaluate our counterparties based on certain quantitative and qualitative factors and periodically assign internal risk-rating grades to our counterparties. 
 
 Cash and Investments Securities Counterparty Credit Exposure 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents, and investment securities totaled 199 million and 510 million, respectively, as of May 31, 2023. The primary credit exposure associated with investments held in our investments portfolio is that issuers will not repay principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms. Our cash and cash equivalents with financial institutions generally have an original maturity of less than one year and pursuant to our investment policy guidelines, all fixed-income debt securities, at the time of purchase, must be rated at least investment grade based on external credit ratings from at least two of the leading global credit rating agencies, when available, or the corresponding equivalent, when not available. We therefore believe that the risk of default by these counterparties is low. As of May 31, 2023, our overall counterparty credit risk was deemed to be satisfactory and not materially changed compared with May 31, 2022. 
 
 We provide additional information on the holdings in our investment securities portfolio below under Liquidity Risk Investment Securities Portfolio and in Note 3 Investment Securities. 
 
 Derivative Counterparty Credit Exposure 
 
 Our derivative counterparty credit exposure relates principally to interest-rate swap contracts. We generally engage in OTC derivative transactions, which expose us to individual counterparty credit risk because these transactions are executed and settled directly between us and each counterpart y. We are exposed to the risk that an individual derivative counterparty defaults on payments due to us, which we may not be able to collect or which may require us to seek a replacement derivative from a different counterparty. This replacement may be at a higher cost, or we may be unable to find a suitable replacement. 
 
 We manage our derivative counterparty credit exposure by executing derivative transactions with financial institutions that have investment-grade credit ratings and maintaining enforceable master netting arrangements with these counterparties, which allow us to n et derivative assets and liabilities with the same counterparty. We had 12 active derivative counterparties with credit ratings ranging from Aa1 to Baa1 by Moody s as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022, and from AA- to A- by S P as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022 . The total outstanding notional amount of derivatives with these counterparties was 7,816 million and 8,062 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The highest single derivative counterparty concentration, by outstanding notional amount, accounted for approximately 23 and 24 of the total outstanding notional amount of our derivatives as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 While our derivative agreements include netting provisions that allow for offsetting of all contracts with a given counterparty in the event of default by one of the two parties, we report the fair value of our derivatives on a gross basis by individual contract as either a derivative asset or derivative liability on our consolidated balance sheets. However, we estimate our exposure to credit loss on our derivatives by calculating the replacement cost to settle at current market prices, 

60 

Table of Con tent s 

 as defined in our derivative agreements, all outstanding derivatives in a net gain position at the counterparty level where a right of legal offset exists. We provide information on the impact of netting provisions under our master swap agreements and collateral pledged, if any, in Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Impact of Derivatives on Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe our exposure to derivative counterparty risk, at any point in time, is equal to the amount of our outstanding derivatives in a net gain position, at the individual counterparty level, which totaled 349 million and 119 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 We provide additional detail on our derivative agreements, including a discussion of derivative contracts with credit rating triggers and settlement amounts that would be required in the event of a ratings trigger, in Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 
 See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Report for additional information about credit risks related to our business. 

LIQUIDITY RISK 
 
 We define liquidity as the ability to convert assets into cash quickly and efficiently, maintain access to available funding and roll over or issue new debt under normal operating conditions and periods of CFC-specific and/or market stress, to ensure that we can meet borrower loan requests, pay current and future obligations and fund our operations in a cost-effective manner. 
 
 In addition to cash on hand, our primary sources of funds include member loan principal repayments, securities held in our investment portfolio, committed bank revolving lines of credit, committed loan facilities under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program, revolving note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac and proceeds from debt issuances to members and in the public capital markets. Our primary uses of funds include loan advances to members, principal and interest payments on borrowings, periodic interest settlement payments related to our derivative contracts and operating expenses. 
 
 Liquidity Risk Management 
 
 Our liquidity risk-management framework is designed to meet our liquidity objectives of providing a reliable source of funding to members, meet maturing debt and other financial obligations, issue new debt and fund our operations on a cost-effective basis under normal operating conditions as well as under CFC-specific and/or market stress conditions. We engage in various activities to manage liquidity risk and achieve our liquidity objectives. Our Asset Liability Committee establishes guidelines that are intended to ensure we maintain sufficient, diversified sources of liquidity to cover potential funding requirements as well as unanticipated contingencies. Our Treasury group develops strategies to manage our targeted liquidity position, projects our funding needs under various scenarios, including adverse circumstances, and monitors our liquidity position on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Available Liquidity 
 
 As part of our strategy in managing liquidity risk and meeting our liquidity objectives, we seek to maintain various committed sources of funding that are available to meet our near-term liquidity needs. Table 20 presents a comparison between our available liquidity, which consists of cash and cash equivalents, our debt securities investment portfolio and amounts under committed credit facilities as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

61 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 20 : Available Liquidity 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in millions) Total Accessed Available Total Accessed Available Liquidity sources: Cash and investment debt securities: Cash and cash equivalents 199 199 154 154 Debt securities investment portfolio (1) 
 475 475 566 566 Total cash and investment debt securities 674 674 720 720 Committed credit facilities: Committed bank revolving line of credit agreements unsecured (2) 
 2,600 2 2,598 2,600 3 2,597 Guaranteed Underwriter Program committed facilities secured (3) 
 9,473 8,448 1,025 8,723 7,648 1,075 Farmer Mac revolving note purchase agreement secured (4) 
 6,000 3,150 2,850 5,500 3,095 2,405 Total committed credit facilities 18,073 11,600 6,473 16,823 10,746 6,077 Total available liquidity 18,747 11,600 7,147 17,543 10,746 6,797 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the aggregate fair value of our portfolio of debt securities as of period-end. Our portfolio of equity securities consists primarily of preferred stock securities that are not as readily redeemable; therefore, we exclude our portfolio of equity securities from our available liquidity. 
 (2) The committed bank revolving line of credit agreements consist of a three-year and a four-year revolving line of credit agreement. The accessed amount of 2 million and 3 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, relates to letters of credit issued pursuant to the four-year revolving line of credit agreement. 
 (3) The committed facilities under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program are not revolving. 
 (4) Availability subject to market conditions. 
 
 Although as a nonbank financial institution we are not subject to regulatory liquidity requirements, our liquidity-management framework includes monitoring our liquidity and funding positions on an ongoing basis and assessing our ability to meet our scheduled debt obligations and other cash flow requirements based on point-in-time metrics as well as forward-looking projections. Our liquidity and funding assessment takes into consideration amounts available under existing liquidity sources, the expected rollover of member short-term investments and scheduled loan principal payment amounts, as well as our continued ability to access the capital markets and other non-capital market-related funding sources. 
 
 Liquidity Risk Assessment 
 
 We utilize several measures to assess our liquidity risk and ensure we have adequate coverage to meet our liquidity needs. Our primary liquidity measures indicate the extent to which we have sufficient liquidity to cover the payment of scheduled debt obligations over the next 12 months. We calculate our liquidity coverage ratios under several scenarios that take into consideration various assumptions about our near-term sources and uses of liquidity, including the assumption that maturities of member short-term investments will not have a significant impact on our anticipated cash outflows. Our members have historically maintained a relatively stable level of short-term investments in CFC in the form of daily liquidity fund notes, commercial paper, select notes and medium-term notes. As such, we expect that our members will continue to reinvest their excess cash in short-term investment products offered by CFC. 
 
 Table 21 presents our primary liquidity coverage ratios as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 and displays the calculation of each ratio as of these respective dates based on the assumptions discussed above. 

62 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 21: Liquidity Coverage Ratios May 31, (Dollars in millions) 2023 2022 Liquidity coverage ratio: (1) 
 Total available liquidity (2) 
 7,147 6,797 Debt scheduled to mature over next 12 months: Short-term borrowings 4,546 4,981 Long-term and subordinated debt scheduled to mature over next 12 months 2,383 1,913 Total debt scheduled to mature over next 12 months 6,929 6,894 Excess (deficit) in available liquidity over debt scheduled to mature over next 12 months 218 (97) Liquidity coverage ratio 1.03 0.99 Liquidity coverage ratio, excluding expected maturities of member short-term investments (3) 
 Total available liquidity (2) 
 7,147 6,797 Total debt scheduled to mature over next 12 months 6,929 6,894 Exclude: Member short-term investments (3,253) (3,956) Total debt, excluding member short-term investments, scheduled to mature over next 12 months 
 3,676 2,938 Excess in available liquidity over total debt, excluding member short-term investments, scheduled to mature over next 12 months 3,471 3,859 Liquidity coverage ratio, excluding expected maturities of member short-term investments 1.94 2.31 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Calculated based on available liquidity at period-end divided by total debt scheduled to mature over the next 12 months at period-end. 
 (2) Total available liquidity is presented above in Table 20. 
 (3) Calculated based on available liquidity at period-end divided by debt, excluding member short-term investments, scheduled to mature over the next 12 months. 
 
 Investment Securities Portfolio 
 
 We have an investment portfolio of debt securities classified as trading and equity securities, both of which are reported on our consolidated balance sheets at fair value. The aggregate fair value of the securities in our investment portfolio was 510 million as of May 31, 2023, consisting of debt securities with a fair value of 475 million and equity securities with a fair value of 35 million. In comparison, the aggregate fair value of the securities in our investment portfolio was 600 million as of May 31, 2022, consisting of debt securities with a fair value of 566 million and equity securities with a fair value of 34 million. 
 
 Our debt securities investment portfolio is intended to serve as an additional source of liquidity and is structured so that the securities generally have active secondary or resale markets under normal market conditions. The objective of the portfolio is to achieve returns commensurate with the level of risk assumed subject to CFC s investment policy and guidelines and liquidity requirements. Pursuant to our investment policy and guidelines, all fixed-income debt securities, at the time of purchase, must be rated at least investment grade based on external credit ratings from at least two of the leading global credit rating agencies, when available, or the corresponding equivalent, when not available. Securities rated investment grade, that is those rated Baa3 or higher by Moody s or BBB- or higher by S P or BBB- or higher by Fitch, are generally considered by the rating agencies to be of lower credit risk than non-investment-grade securities. 
 
 Under master repurchase agreements that we have with counterparties, we can obtain short-term funding by selling investment-grade corporate debt securities from our investment portfolio subject to an obligation to repurchase the same or similar securities at an agreed-upon price and date. Because we retain effective control over the transferred securities, transactions under these repurchase agreements are accounted for as collateralized financing agreements (i.e., secured borrowings) and not as a sale and subsequent repurchase of securities. The obligation to repurchase the securities is reflected 

63 

Table of Con tent s 

 as a component of our short-term borrowings on our consolidated balance sheets. The aggregate fair value of debt securities underlying repurchase transactions is parenthetically disclosed on our consolidated balance sheets. We had no borrowings under repurchase agreements outstanding as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022; therefore, we had no debt securities in our investment portfolio pledged as collateral as of each respective date. 
 
 We provide additional information on our investment securities portfolio in Note 3 Investment Securities of this Report. 
 
 Borrowing Capacity Under Various Credit Facilities 
 
 The aggregate borrowing capacity under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements, committed loan facilities under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program and revolving note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac totaled 18,073 million and 16,823 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the aggregate amount available for access totaled 6,473 million and 6,077 million as of each respective date. The following is a discussion of our borrowing capacity and key terms and conditions under each of these credit facilities. 
 
 Committed Bank Revolving Line of Credit Agreements Unsecured 
 
 Our committed bank revolving lines of credit may be used for general corporate purposes; however, we generally rely on them as a backup source of liquidity for our member and dealer commercial paper. On October 20, 2022, we amended the three-year and four-year committed bank revolving line of credit agreements to extend the maturity dates to November 28, 2025 and November 28, 2026, respectively, and to replace LIBOR with Term SOFR. The total commitment amount under the three-year facility and the four-year facility remained unchanged at 1,245 million and 1,355 million, respectively, resulting in a combined total commitment amount under the two facilities of 2,600 million. Under our current committed bank revolving line of credit agreements, we have the ability to request up to 300 million of letters of credit, which would result in a reduction in the remaining available amount under the facilities. 
 
 Table 22 presents the total commitment amount under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements, outstanding letters of credit and the amount available for access as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Table 22: Committed Bank Revolving Line of Credit Agreements 
 May 31, 2023 (Dollars in millions) Total Commitment Letters of Credit Outstanding Amount Available for Access Maturity Annual Facility Fee (1) 
 Bank revolving line of credit term: 3-year agreement 
 1,245 1,245 November 28, 2025 7.5 bps 4-year agreement 1,355 2 1,353 November 28, 2026 10.0 bps Total 2,600 2 2,598 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Facility fee based on CFC s senior unsecured credit ratings in accordance with the established pricing schedules at the inception of the related agreement. 
 
 We did not have any outstanding borrowings under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements as of May 31, 2023; however, we had letters of credit outstanding of 2 million under the four-year committed bank revolving agreement as of this date. 
 
 Although our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements do not contain a material adverse change clause or rating triggers that would limit the banks obligations to provide funding under the terms of the agreements, we must be in compliance with the covenants to draw on the facilities. We have been and expect to continue to be in compliance with the covenants under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements. As such, we could draw on these facilities to repay dealer or member commercial paper that cannot be rolled over. 

64 

Table of Con tent s 

 Guaranteed Underwriter Program Committed Facilities Secured 
 
 Under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program, we can borrow from the Federal Financing Bank and use the proceeds to extend new loans to our members and refinance existing member debt. As part of the program, we pay fees based on our outstanding borrowings that are intended to help fund the USDA Rural Economic Development Loan and Grant program, and thereby support additional investment in rural economic development projects. The borrowings under this program are guaranteed by RUS. Each advance is subject to quarterly amortization and a final maturity not longer than 30 years from the date of the advance. 
 
 On December 15, 2022, we closed on a 750 million committed loan facility Series T from the Federal Financing Bank under the Guar anteed Underwriter Program. Pursuant to this facility, we may borrow any time before July 15, 2027. Each advance is subject to quarterly amortization and a final maturity not longer than 30 years from the date of the a dvance. The closing of this facility increased our total committed borrowing amount under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program to 9,473 million as of May 31, 2023, from 8,723 million as of May 31, 2022. 
 
 As displayed in Table 20, we had accessed 8,448 million under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program and up to 1,025 million was available for borrowing as of May 31, 2023. Of the 1,025 million available borrowing amount, 275 million is available for advance through July 15, 2026 and 750 million is available for advance through July 15, 2027. We are required to pledge eligible distribution system loans or power supply system loans as collateral in an amount at least equal to our total outstanding borrowings under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program committed loan facilities, which totaled 6,721 million as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 The notes payable to FFB and guaranteed by RUS under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program contain a provision that if during any portion of the fiscal year, our senior secured credit ratings do not have at least two of the following ratings: (i) A3 or higher from Moody s, (ii) A- or higher from S P, (iii) A- or higher from Fitch or (iv) an equivalent rating from a successor rating agency to any of the above rating agencies, we may not make cash patronage capital distributions in excess of 5 of total patronage capital. 
 
 Farmer Mac Revolving Note Purchase Agreement Secured 
 
 We have a revolving note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac, under which we can borrow up to 6,000 million from Farmer Mac, at any time, subject to market conditions through June 30, 2027. The agreement has successive automatic one-year renewals beginning June 30, 2026, unless Farmer Mac provides 425 days written notice of non-renewal. Pursuant to this revolving note purchase agreement, we can borrow, repay and re-borrow funds at any time through maturity, as market conditions permit, provided that the outstanding principal amount at any time does not exceed the total available under the agreement. Each borrowing under the revolving note purchase agreement is evidenced by a pricing agreement setting forth the interest rate, maturity date and other related terms as we may negotiate with Farmer Mac at the time of each such borrowing. We may select a fixed rate or variable rate at the time of each advance with a maturity as determined in the applicable pricing agreeme nt. 
 
 Under this agreement, we had outstanding secured notes payable totaling 3,150 million and 3,095 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We borrowed and repaid 500 million in short-term notes payable and borrowed 550 million in long-term notes payable under this note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac during fiscal year 2023. As displayed in Table 20, the amount available for borrowing under this agreement was 2,850 million as of May 31, 2023. We are required to pledge eligible electric distribution system or electric power supply system loans as collateral in an amount at least equal to the total principal amount of notes outstanding, under this agr eement. Subsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we borrowed 500 million in short-term notes payable under this note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac. 
 
 We provide additional information on pledged collateral below under Pledged Collateral in this section and Note 4 Loans. 

65 

Table of Con tent s 

 Short-Term Borrowings 
 
 Our short-term borrowings, which we rely on to meet our daily, near-term funding needs, consist of commercial paper, which we offer to members and dealers, select notes and daily liquidity fund notes offered to members, medium-term notes offered to members and dealers, and funds from repurchase secured borrowing transactions. 
 
 Table 23: Short-Term Borrowings Outstanding Amount and Weighted-Average Interest Rates 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Outstanding Amount Weighted- Average Interest Rate Outstanding Amount Weighted-Average Interest Rate Short-term borrowings: Commercial paper: Commercial paper sold through dealers, net of discounts 1,293,167 5.32 1,024,813 0.96 Commercial paper sold directly to members, at par 1,017,431 4.76 1,358,069 0.92 Total commercial paper 2,310,598 5.07 2,382,882 0.94 Select notes to members 1,630,799 4.96 1,753,441 1.11 Daily liquidity fund notes 238,329 4.35 427,790 0.80 Medium-term notes sold to members 366,549 4.64 417,054 0.66 Total short-term borrowings outstanding 4,546,275 4.96 4,981,167 0.97 
 
 Short-term borrowings decreased by 435 million to 4,546 million as of May 31, 2023, from 4,981 million as of May 31, 2022, and accounted for 15 and 17 of total debt outstanding as of each respective date. The decrease in short-term borrowings was driven primarily by a decrease in short-term member investments, partially offset by increases in outstanding dealer commercial paper. The weighted-average cost of our outstanding short-term borrowings increased to 4.96 as of May 31, 2023, from 0.97 as of May 31, 2022. The weighted-average maturity of our short-term borrowings increased to 44 days as of May 31, 2023, from 42 days as of May 31, 2022. 
 
 Member investments have historically been our primary source of short-term borrowings. Table 24 displays the composition, by funding source, of our short-term borrowings as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, of which members investments represented 72 and 79 of our outstanding short-term borrowings as of each respective date. 
 
 Table 24: Short-Term Borrowings Funding Sources May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Outstanding Amount of Total Short-Term Borrowings Outstanding Amount of Total Short-Term Borrowings Funding source: Members 
 3,253,108 72 3,956,354 79 Capital markets 1,293,167 28 1,024,813 21 Total 
 4,546,275 100 4,981,167 100 
 
 Our intent is to manage our short-term wholesale funding risk by maintaining the dealer commercial paper outstanding at each quarter-end wit hin a range of 1,000 million to 1,500 million, although the intra-period amount of dealer commercial paper outstanding may fluctuate based on our liquidity requirements. Dealer commercial paper outstanding of 1,293 million and 1,025 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, was within our quarter-end target range of 1,000 million to 1,500 million. 
 
 See Note 6 Short-Term Borrowing for additional information on our short-term borrowings. 

66 

Table of Con tent s 

 Long-Term and Subordinated Debt 
 
 Long-term and subordinated debt, which represents the most significant source of our funding, totaled 26,453 million and 23,766 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and accounted for 85 and 83 of total debt outstanding as of each respective date. The increase in long-term and subordinated debt was primarily due to debt issuances totaling 4,589 million to fund loan portfolio growth during fiscal year 2023, partially offset by debt repayments totaling 1,934 million during the current fiscal year, as presented below in table 25. 
 
 Subsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we issued 400 million aggregate principal amount of dealer medium-term notes at a fixed rate of 5.05 due on September 15, 2028 and redeemed 100 million in principal amount of our 400 million subordinated deferrable debt due 2043, at par plus accrued interest. 
 
 The issuance of long-term debt allows us to reduce our reliance on short-term borrowings and effectively manage our refinancing and interest rate risk, due in part to the multi-year contractual maturity structure of long-term debt. In addition to access to private debt facilities, we also issue debt in the public capital markets. Pursuant to Rule 405 of the Securities Act, we are classified as a well-known seasoned issuer. Under our effective shelf registration statements filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), we may offer and issue the following debt securities: 
 
 an unlimited amount of collateral trust bonds and senior and subordinated debt securities, including medium-term notes, member capital securities and subordinated deferrable debt, until October 2023; and 
 daily liquidity fund notes up to 20,000 million in the aggregate with a 3,000 million limit on the aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time until March 2025. 
 
 Although we register member capital securities and the daily liquidity fund notes with the SEC, these securities are not available for sale to the general public. Medium-term notes are available for sale to both the general public and members. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we have contractual limitations with respect to the amount of senior indebtedness we may incur. 
 
 Long-Term Debt and Subordinated Debt Issuances and Repayments 
 
 Table 25 summarizes long-term and subordinated debt issuances and repayments during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Table 25: Long-Term and Subordinated Debt Issuances and Repayments 
 Year Ended May 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Issuances Repayments (1) 
 Debt product type: Collateral trust bonds 1,050,000 355,000 Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 800,000 184,831 Farmer Mac notes payable 550,000 494,781 Medium-term notes sold to members 171,651 56,788 Medium-term notes sold to dealers 1,710,779 821,549 Other notes payable 3,565 Subordinated deferrable debt 
 300,000 Members subordinated certificates 6,133 17,168 Total 4,588,563 1,933,682 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Repayments include principal maturities, scheduled amortization payments, repurchases and redemptions. 
 
 We provide additional information on our financing activities under the above section Consolidated Balance Sheet Analysis Debt and on the weighted-average interest rates on our long-term debt and subordinated certificates in Note 7 Long-Term Debt, Note 8 Subordinated Deferrable Debt and Note 9 Members Subordinated Certificates of this Report. 

67 

Table of Con tent s 

 Pledged Collateral 
 
 Under our secured borrowing agreements we are required to pledge loans, investment debt securities or other collateral and maintain certain pledged collateral ratios. Of our total debt outstanding of 30,999 million as of May 31, 2023, 17,450 million, or 56 , was secured by pledged loans totaling 21,038 million. In comparison, of our total debt outstanding of 28,747 million as of May 31, 2022, 16,051 million, or 56 , was secured by pledged loans totaling 19,062 million. Following is additional information on the collateral pledging requirements for our secured borrowing agreements. 
 
 Secured Borrowing Agreements Pledged Loan Requirements 
 
 We are required to pledge loans or other collateral in transactions under our collateral trust bond indentures, bond agreements under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program and note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac. Total debt outstanding is presented on our consolidated balance sheets net of unamortized discounts and issuance costs. Our collateral pledging requirements are based, however, on the face amount of secured outstanding debt, which excludes net unamortized discounts and issuance costs. However, as discussed below, we typically maintain pledged collateral in excess of the required percentage. Under the provisions of our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements, the excess collateral that we are allowed to pledge cannot exceed 150 of the outstanding borrowings under our collateral trust bond indentures, the Guaranteed Underwriter Program or the Farmer Mac note purchase agreements. 
 
 Table 26 displays the collateral coverage ratios pursuant to these secured borrowing agreements as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 26: Collateral Pledged 
 Requirement Coverage Ratios Actual Coverage Ratios (1) 
 Minimum Debt Indentures Maximum Committed Bank Revolving Line of Credit Agreements May 31, 2023 2022 Secured borrowing agreement type: Collateral trust bonds 1994 indenture 100 150 115 118 Collateral trust bonds 2007 indenture 100 150 114 123 Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 100 150 117 113 Farmer Mac notes payable 100 150 136 111 Clean Renewable Energy Bonds Series 2009A (2) 
 100 150 129 128 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Calculated based on the amount of collateral pledged divided by the face amount of outstanding secured debt. 
 (2) Collateral includes cash pledged. 
 
 Table 27 displays the unpaid principal balance of loans pledged for secured debt, the excess collateral pledged and unencumbered loans as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 27: Loans Unencumbered Loans 
 May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Total loans outstanding (1) 
 32,519,349 30,051,354 Less: Loans required pledged under secured debt agreements (2) 
 (17,664,350) (16,300,618) Loans pledged in excess of required amount (2)(3) 
 (3,373,580) (2,761,335) Total pledged loans (21,037,930) (19,061,953) Unencumbered loans 11,481,419 10,989,401 Unencumbered loans as a percentage of total loans outstanding 35 37 

68 

Table of Con tent s 

 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance of loans as of the end of each period. Excludes unamortized deferred loan origination costs of 13 million and 12 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) Reflects unpaid principal balance of pledged loans. 
 (3) Excludes cash collateral pledged to secure debt. If there is an event of default under most of our indentures, we can only withdraw the excess collateral 
 if we substitute cash or permitted investments of equal value. 
 
 As displayed above in Table 27, we had excess loans pledged as collateral totaling 3,374 million and 2,761 million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We typically pledge loans in excess of the required amount for the following reasons: (i) our distribution and power supply loans are typically amortizing loans that require scheduled principal payments over the life of the loan, whereas the debt securities issued under secured indentures and agreements typically have bullet maturities; (ii) distribution and power supply borrowers have the option to prepay their loans; and (iii) individual loans may become ineligible for various reasons, some of which may be temporary. 
 
 We provide additional information on our borrowings, including the maturity profile, below in Liquidity Risk and additional information on pledged loans in Note 4 Loans in this Report. For additional detail on each of our debt product types, refer to Note 6 Short-Term Borrowings, Note 7 Long-Term Debt, Note 8 Subordinated Deferrable Debt and Note 9 Members Subordinated Certificates in this Report. 
 
 Member Loan Repayments 
 
 Table 28 displays future scheduled loan principal payment amounts, by member class and by loan type, on loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023, disaggregated by amounts due (i) in one year or less; (ii) after one year up to five years; (iii) after five years up to 15 years; and (iv) after 15 years. 
 
 Table 28: Loans Maturities of Scheduled Principal Payments 
 May 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Due 1 Year 
 Due > 1 Year Up to 5 Years 
 Due > 5 Years Up to 15 Years 
 Due After 15 Years Total Member class: CFC: Distribution 2,679,815 4,892,899 10,091,325 7,773,038 25,437,077 Power supply 386,214 1,646,435 2,001,077 1,403,516 5,437,242 Statewide and associate 28,341 94,728 35,041 42,258 200,368 Total CFC 3,094,370 6,634,062 12,127,443 9,218,812 31,074,687 NCSC 88,874 409,703 382,975 75,322 956,874 RTFC 57,680 251,759 178,349 487,788 Total loans outstanding 3,240,924 7,295,524 12,688,767 9,294,134 32,519,349 Loan type: Fixed rate 1,463,050 5,715,240 12,351,134 8,841,934 28,371,358 Variable rate 1,777,874 1,580,284 337,633 452,200 4,147,991 Total loans outstanding 3,240,924 7,295,524 12,688,767 9,294,134 32,519,349 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our contractual obligations affect both our short- and long-term liquidity needs. Our most significant contractual obligations include scheduled payments on our debt obligations. Table 29 displays scheduled amounts due on our debt obligations as of May 31, 2023 and the expected timing of these payments. The amounts presented reflect undiscounted future cash payment amounts due pursuant to these obligations, aggregated by the type of contractual obligation. The table excludes certain obligations that are short-term, such as trade payables, or where the amount is not fixed and determinable, such as derivatives subject to valuation based on market factors. The timing of actual future payments may differ from those 

69 

Table of Con tent s 

 presented due to a number of factors, such as discretionary debt redemptions or changes in interest rates that may impact our expected future cash interest payments. 
 
 Table 29: Contractual Obligations (1) 
 Payments Due by Period (Dollars in thousands) In 1 Year or Less After 1 Year Through 3 Years After 3 Years Through 5 Years After 5 Years Total Short-term borrowings 4,546,275 4,546,275 Long-term debt 2,277,050 5,813,316 3,788,049 12,303,992 24,182,407 Subordinated deferrable debt 100,000 1,200,000 1,300,000 Members subordinated certificates (2) 
 5,861 70,559 13,539 1,133,107 1,223,066 Total long-term and subordinated debt 2,382,911 5,883,875 3,801,588 14,637,099 26,705,473 Contractual interest on long-term debt (3) 
 920,212 1,628,171 1,320,594 6,179,581 10,048,558 Total 7,849,398 7,512,046 5,122,182 20,816,680 41,300,306 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Callable debt is included in this table at its contractual maturity. 
 (2 Member loan subordinated certificates totaling 159 million are amortizing annually based on the unpaid principal balance of the related loan. Amortization payments on these certificates totaled 12 million in fiscal year 2023 and represented 8 of amortizing loan subordinated certificates outstanding. 
 (3) Represents the amounts of future interest payments on long-term and subordinated debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023, based on the contractual terms of the securities. These amounts were determined based on certain assumptions, including that variable-rate debt continues to accrue interest at the contractual rates in effect as of May 31, 2023 until maturity, and redeemable debt continues to accrue interest until its contractual maturity. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, we engage in financial transactions that are not presented on our consolidated balance sheets, or may be recorded on our consolidated balance sheets in amounts that are different from the full contract or notional amount of the transaction. Our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of unadvanced loan commitments intended to meet the financial needs of our members and guarantees of member obligations, which may affect our liquidity and funding requirements based on the likelihood that borrowers will advance funds under the loan commitments or we will be required to perform under the guarantee obligations. We provide information on our unadvanced loan commitments in Note 4 Loans and information on our guarantee obligations in Note 13 Guarantees. 
 
 Projected Near-Term Sources and Uses of Funds 
 
 Table 30 below displays a projection of our primary long-term sources and uses of funds, by quarter, over each of the next six fisc al quarters through the quarter ending November 30, 2024. Our projection is based on the following, which includes several assumptions: (i) the estimated issuance of long-term debt, including capital market and other non-capital market term debt, is based on our market-risk management goal of minimizing the mismatch between the cash flows from our financial assets and our financial liabilities; (ii) long-term loan scheduled amortization repayment amounts represent scheduled loan principal payments for long-term loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and estimated loan principal payments for long-term loan advances, plus estimated prepayment amounts on long-term loans; (iii) long-term and subordinated debt maturities consist of both scheduled principal maturity and amortization amounts and projected principal maturity and amortization amounts on term debt outstanding in each period presented; and (iv) long-term loan advances are based on our current projection of member demand for loans. In addition, amounts available under our committed bank revolving lines of credit, net increases in dealer commercial paper and short-term member investments are intended to serve as a backup source of liquidity. 

70 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 30: Liquidity Projected Long-Term Sources and Uses of Funds (1) 
 Projected Long-Term Sources of Funds Projected Long-Term Uses of Funds (Dollars in millions) Long-Term Debt Issuance Anticipated Long-Term Loan Repayments (2) 
 Total Projected Long-Term Sources of Funds Long-Term and Subordinated Debt Maturities (3) 
 Long-Term Loan Advances Total Projected Long-Term Uses of Funds 1Q FY 2024 868 384 1,252 734 852 1,586 2Q FY 2024 944 357 1,301 697 858 1,555 3Q FY 2024 1,561 382 1,943 1,169 732 1,901 4Q FY 2024 207 372 579 180 685 865 1Q FY 2025 115 384 499 108 734 842 2Q FY 2025 1,020 375 1,395 864 725 1,589 Total 4,715 2,254 6,969 3,752 4,586 8,338 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) The dates presented represent the end of each quarterly period through the quarter ended November 30, 2024. 
 (2) Anticipated long-term loan repayments include scheduled long-term loan amortizations and anticipated cash repayments at repricing date. 
 (3) Long-term debt maturities also include medium-term notes with an original maturity of one year or less and expected early redemptions of debt. 
 
 As displayed in Table 30, we currently project long-term advances of 3,127 million over the next 12 months, which we project will exceed anticipated long-term loan repayments over the same period of 1,495 million , resulting in net loan growth of approximately 1,632 million over the next 12 months. 
 
 The estimates presented above are developed at a particular point in time based on our expected future business growth and funding. Our actual results and future estimates may vary, perhaps significantly, from the current projections, as a result of changes in market conditions, management actions or other factors. 
 
 Credit Ratings 
 
 Our funding and liquidity, borrowing capacity, ability to access capital markets and other sources of funds and the cost of these funds are partially dependent on our credit ratings. During fiscal year 2023, Moody s, S P and Fitch affirmed CFC s credit ratings and stable outlook. Table 31 displays our credit ratings as of May 31, 2023, which remain unchanged as of the date of this Report. 
 
 Table 31: Credit Ratings 
 May 31, 2023 CFC credit ratings and outlook: Moody s S P Fitch Long-term issuer credit rating (1) 
 A2 A- A Senior secured debt (2) 
 A1 A- A+ Senior unsecured debt (3) 
 A2 A- A Subordinated debt A3 BBB BBB+ Commercial paper P-1 A-2 F1 Outlook Stable Stable Stable Ratings and outlook confirmation date February 16, 2023 December 7, 2022 February 6, 2023 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Based on our senior unsecured debt rating. 
 (2) Applies to our collateral trust bonds. 
 (3) Applies to our medium-term notes. 
 
 See Credit Risk Counterparty Credit Risk Derivative Counterparty Credit Exposure above for information on credit rating provisions related to our derivative contracts. 

71 

Table of Con tent s 

 Financial Ratios 
 
 Our debt-to-equity ratio decreased to 12.14 as of May 31, 2023, from 13.59 as of May 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in equity from our reported net income of 502 million for fiscal year 2023, which was partially offset by a decrease in equity attributable to the CFC Board of Directors authorized patronage capital retirement in July 2022 of 59 million. 
 
 Our goal is to maintain an adjusted debt-to-equity ratio of approximately 6.00-to-1. Our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio decreased to 6.04 as of May 31, 2023, from 6.24 as of May 31, 2022, primarily due to the May 2023 issuance of 300 million of 7.125 subordinated deferrable debt due 2053. 
 
 Debt Covenants 
 
 As part of our short-term and long-term borrowing arrangements, we are subject to various financial and operational covenants. If we fail to maintain specified financial ratios, such failure could constitute a default by CFC of certain debt covenants under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements and senior debt indentures. We were in compliance with all covenants and conditions under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements and senior debt indentures as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 As discussed above in Summary of Selected Financial Data, the financial covenants set forth in our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements and senior debt indentures are based on adjusted financial measures, including adjusted TIER. We provide a reconciliation of adjusted TIER and other non-GAAP financial measures disclosed in this Report to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures below in Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest rate risk represents our primary source of market risk, as interest rate volatility can have a significant impact on the earnings and overall financial condition of a financial institution. We are exposed to interest rate risk primarily from the differences in the timing between the maturity or repricing of our loans and the liabilities funding our loans. We seek to generate stable adjusted net interest income on a sustained and long-term basis by minimizing the mismatch between the cash flows from our financial assets and our financial liabilities. We use derivatives as a tool in matching the duration and repricing characteristics of our interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. 
 
 Below we discuss how we manage and measure interest rate risk. We also provide a status update on actions taken to identify, assess, monitor and mitigate risks associated with the expected discontinuance or unavailability of LIBOR and facilitate an orderly transition from LIBOR as a benchmark interest reference rate to an alternative benchmark rate. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 
 Our interest rate risk-management objective is to prudently manage the timing of cash flows between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in order to mitigate interest rate risk in accordance with CFC s board policy and risk limits and guidelines established by the Asset Liability Committee ALCO ). ALCO provides oversight of our exposure to interest rate risk and ensures that our exposure is compliant with established risk limits and guidelines. We seek to generate stable adjusted net interest income on a sustained and long-term basis by minimizing the mismatch between the cash flows from our interest rate-sensitive financial assets and our financial liabilities. We use derivatives as a tool in matching the duration and repricing characteristics of our assets and liabilities, which we discuss above in Consolidated Results of Operations Non-Interest Income Derivative Gains (Losses) and Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk Assessment 
 
 Our Asset Liability Management ALM framework includes the use of analytic tools and capabilities, enabling CFC to generate a comprehensive profile of our interest rate risk exposure. We routinely measure and assess our interest rate risk exposure using various methodologies through the use of ALM models that enable us to more accurately measure and monitor our interest rate risk exposure under multiple interest rate scenarios using several different techniques. Below we 

72 

Table of Con tent s 

 present two measures used to assess our interest rate risk exposure: (i) the interest rate sensitivity of projected net interest income and adjusted net interest income; and (ii) duration gap. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 We regularly evaluate the sensitivity of our interest-earning assets and the interest-bearing liabilities funding those assets and our net interest income and adjusted net interest income projections under multiple interest rate scenarios. Each month we update our ALM models to reflect our existing balance sheet position and incorporate different assumptions about forecasted changes in our balance sheet position over the next 12 months. Based on the forecasted balance sheet changes, we generate various projections of net interest income and adjusted net interest income over the next 12 months. Management reviews and assesses these projections and underlying assumptions to identify a baseline scenario of projected net interest income and adjusted net interest income over the next 12 months, which reflects what management considers, at the time, as the most likely scenario. As discussed under Summary of Selected Financial Data, we derive adjusted net interest income by adjusting our reported interest expense and net interest income to include the impact of net derivative cash settlements amounts. 
 
 Our interest rate sensitivity analyses take into consideration existing interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities as of the reported balance sheet date and forecasted changes to the balance sheet over the next 12 months under management s baseline p rojection. As discussed in the Executive Summary Outlook section, we currently anticipate net long-term loan growth of 1,632 million ove r the next 12 months. The June 2023 consensus market outlook for interest rates indicated rising interest rates across the yield curve during the remainder of 2023, followed by a decrease in short-term interest rates during 2024. The yield curve is expected to remain inverted for the remainder of 2023 and, given the expected drop in short-term interest rates in the following year, the yield curve inversion is expected to narrow in 2024, and remain inverted beyond that period. Based on this yield curve forecast, we anticipate a decrease in our reported net interest income and reported net interest yield over the next 12 months relative to the 12-month period ended May 31, 2023. However , we project an increase in our adjusted net interest income over the next 12 months compared with the 12-month period ended May 31, 2023. This is primarily attributable to the expected significant increase in our derivative net periodic cash settlements income, which will contribute to reducing our adjusted cost of borrowings. Additionally, we anticipate a sustained expansion of our loan portfolio, with the variable-rate line of credit loans outstanding remaining at an elevated level. We anticipate a slight decrease in our adjusted net interest yield over the next 12 months relative to the 12-month period ended May 31, 2023, due to the current yield curve assumptions and our balance sheet position. 
 
 Table 32 presents the estimated percentage impact that a hypothetical instantaneous parallel shift of plus or minus 100 basis points in the interest rate yield curve, relative to our base case forecast yield curve, would have on our projected baseline 12-month net interest income and adjusted net interest income as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. In instances where the hypothetical instantaneous interest rate shift of minus 100 basis points results in a negative interest rate, we assume an interest rate floor rate of 0 in a negative interest rate. We also present the estimated percentage impact on our projected baseline 12-month net interest income and adjusted net interest income assuming a hypothetical inverted yield curve under which shorter-term interest rates increase by an instantaneous 75 basis points and longer-term interest rates decrease by an instantaneous 75 basis points. 
 
 Table 32: Interest Rate Sensitivity Analysis 
 May 31, 2023 May 31, 2022 Estimated Impact (1) 
 + 100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points Inverted + 100 Basis Points 100 Basis Points Inverted Net interest income 
 (4.41) 4.70 (5.88) (9.76) 9.68 (14.25) Derivative cash settlements 11.50 (11.58) 9.38 10.49 (10.49) 7.95 Adjusted net interest income (2) 
 7.09 (6.88) 3.50 0.74 (0.81) (6.31) 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) The actual impact on our reported and adjusted net interest income may differ significantly from the sensitivity analysis presented. 
 (2) We include net periodic derivative cash settlement interest expense amounts as a component of interest expense in deriving adjusted net interest income. See the section Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Report to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 

73 

Table of Con tent s 

 The changes in the sensitivity measures between May 31, 2023 and 2022 are primarily attributable to an increase i n the amount of variable-rate assets being funded with fixed-rate debt, changes in the size and composition of our forecasted balance sheet, as well as changes in current interest rates and forecasted interest rates. As the interest rate sensitivity simulations displayed in Table 32 indicate, we would expect an unfavorable impact on our projected net interest income over a 12-month horizon as of May 31, 2023, under the hypothetical scenario of an instantaneous parallel shift of plus 100 basis points in the interest rate yield curve and a further inverted yield curve. However, we would expect an unfavorable impact on our adjusted net interest income over a 12-month horizon as of May 31, 2023, under the hypothetical scenario of an instantaneous parallel shift of minus 100 basis points in the interest rate yield curve. 
 
 Duration Gap 
 
 The duration gap, which represents the difference between the estimated duration of our interest-earning assets and the estimated duration of our interest-bearing liabilities, summarizes the extent to which the cash flows for assets and liabilities are matched over time. We use derivatives in managing the differences in timing between the maturities or repricing of our interest-earning assets and the debt funding those assets. A positive duration gap indicates that the duration of our interest-earning assets is greater than the duration of our debt and derivatives, and therefore denotes an increased exposure to rising interest rates over the long term. Conversely, a negative duration gap indicates that the duration of our interest-earning assets is less than the duration of our debt and derivatives, and therefore denotes an increased exposure to declining interest rates over the long term. While the duration gap provides a relatively concise and simple measure of the interest rate risk inherent in our consolidated balance sheet as of the reported date, it does not incorporate projected changes in our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The duration gap narrowed to negative 1.34 months as of May 31, 2023, from plus 5.29 months as of May 31, 2022 and was within the risk limits and guidelines established by ALCO of each respective date. The narrowing of the duration gap is primarily due to the funding of loan advances and the refinancing of maturing debt during the current fiscal year with longer-duration borrowings, combined with an increase in line of credit loans outstanding of 845 million, which reduced the duration of interest-earning assets. 
 
 Limitations of Interest Rate Risk Measures 
 
 While we believe that the interest income sensitivities and duration gap measures provided are useful tools in assessing our interest rate risk exposure, there are inherent limitations in any methodology used to estimate the exposure to changes in market interest rates. These measures should be understood as estimates rather than as precise measurements. The interest rate sensitivity analyses only contemplate certain hypothetical movements in interest rates and are performed at a particular point in time based on the existing balance sheet and, in some cases, expected future business growth and funding mix assumptions. The strategic actions that management may take to manage our balance sheet may differ significantly from our projections, which could cause our actual interest income to differ substantially from the above sensitivity analysis. Moreover, as discussed above, we use various other methodologies to measure and monitor our interest rate risk under multiple interest rate scenarios, which, together, provide a comprehensive profile of our interest rate risk. 
 
 LIBOR Transition 
 
 In March 2021, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority and the Intercontinental Exchange Benchmark Administration, the administrator for LIBOR, concurrently announced that certain settings of LIBOR would no longer be published on a representative basis after December 31, 2021, and the most commonly used U.S. dollar LIBOR settings would no longer be published on a representative basis after June 30, 2023. In the fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2021, we began entering into transactions that reference SOFR, and as of June 30, 2023, substantially all of our contracts and financial instruments that previously referenced LIBOR have been transitioned to SOFR. 
 
 In connection with the foregoing, we established a cross-functional LIBOR Working Group LWG in 2021 that identified CFC s exposure, assessed the potential risks related to the transition from LIBOR to a new index and developed a strategic transition plan. Our transition effort is focused on two objectives: (i) remediation of our existing LIBOR exposures and (ii) transitioning ongoing activities away from LIBO R. The LWG closely monitored and assessed developments with respect to the LIBOR transition and provided regular reports to our senior management team and the CFC Board of Directors. We have identified all of CFC s LIBOR-based contracts and financial instruments; evaluated the impact of the LIBOR transition 

74 

Table of Con tent s 

 on our existing systems, models and processes; and updated all internal systems to accommodate SOFR as a new index. CFC remediated its LIBOR exposures by transitioning all LIBOR-based contracts to SOFR, including incorporating hardwired fallback language in agreements to transition instruments to SOFR following the cessation of LIBOR or amending agreements to replace LIBOR with a new benchmark index. On October 20, 2022, we amended the three-year and four-year revolving credit agreements to replace LIBOR with Term SOFR. Certain legacy LIBOR instruments are subject to the Adjustable Interest Rate Act of 2021 that was signed into federal law in March 2022, and which provided for the transition of such instruments to SOFR as of June 30, 2023. The LWG has accomplished its objectives and our transition from LIBOR to SOFR as a benchmark interest rate has been completed. 
 
 Table 33 summarizes our outstanding LIBOR-indexed financial instruments as of May 31, 2023 that have a contractual maturity date after June 30, 2023, and which were transitioned to SOFR after this date. Thes e financial instruments are included in amounts reported on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Table 33: LIBOR-Indexed Financial Instruments 
 (Dollars in millions) May 31, 2023 Loans to members, performing 186 Investment securities (1) 
 42 Debt 1,592 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Amount presented is based on the cost of the investment securities. The aggregate fair value of these investment securities was 45 million as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 In addition to the financial instruments presented in Table 33, as of May 31, 2023, we had outstanding LIBOR-indexed interest rate swaps and unadvanced loan commitments that have a contractual maturity date after June 30, 2023. The aggregate notional amount of these interest rate swaps was 6,891 million as of May 31, 2023, which represented 88 of the total notional amount of our outstanding interest rate swaps of 7,816 million as of May 31, 2023. The aggregate amount of the unadvanced loan commitments was 1,318 million as of May 31, 2023, which represented 9 of the total unadvanced loan commitments of 14,789 million as of May 31, 2023. These interest rate swaps and unadvanced loan commitments transitioned to SOFR as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 We ceased originating new LIBOR-based loans effective December 31, 2021. We have confirmed CFC s adherence to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 2020 LIBOR Fallbacks Protocol for our derivative instruments. 
 
 We discuss the risks related to the uncertainty as to the nature of potential changes and other reforms associated with the transition from LIBOR to SOFR as a benchmark interest rate under Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Report. 

OPERATIONAL RISK 
 
 Operational risk represents the risk of loss resulting from conducting our operations, including, but not limited to, the execution of unauthorized transactions by employees; errors relating to loan documentation, transaction processing and technology; the inability to perfect liens on collateral; breaches of internal control and information systems; and the risk of fraud by employees or persons outside the company. Potential legal actions that could arise as a result of operational deficiencies, noncompliance with covenants in our revolving credit agreements and indentures, employee misconduct or adverse business decisions are also considered part of operational risk. In the event of a breakdown in internal controls, improper access to or operation of systems or improper employee actions, we could incur financial loss. Operational risk also includes breaches of our technology and information systems resulting from unauthorized access to confidential information or from internal or external threats, such as cyberattacks. In addition, as we rely on our employees depth of knowledge of CFC and its related industries to run our business operations successfully, operational risk includes talent management; thereby, failure to attract, motivate and retain sufficient number of highly skilled and specialized employees could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Operational risk is inherent in all business activities. The measurement, assessment and effective management of such risk is important to the achievement of our objectives. Operational risk is a core component of CFC s Enterprise Risk Management 

75 

Table of Con tent s 

 framework and is governed by the CFC Board of Directors while management oversight of the risk is the responsibility of the Chief Risk Officer. We maintain related risk guidelines and limits, business policies and procedures, employee training, an internal control framework, and a comprehensive business continuity and disaster recovery plan that are intended to provide a sound operational environment. Our business policies and controls have been designed to manage operational risk at appropriate levels given our financial strength, the business environment and markets in which we operate, and the nature of our businesses, while also considering factors such as competition and regulation. C orporate Compliance monitors compliance with established procedures and applicable laws that are designed to ensure adherence to generally accepted conduct, ethics and business practices defined in our corporate policies. We provide employee compliance training programs, including information protection, Regulation FD Fair Disclosure compliance and operational risk. Internal Audit examines the design and operating effectiveness of our operational, compliance and financial reporting internal controls on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Our business continuity and disaster recovery plan is monitored by our Business Technology Services Group and establishes the basic principles necessary to ensure emergency response, resumption, restoration and permanent recovery of CFC s operations and business activities during a business interruption event. Each of our de partments is require d to develop, exercise, test and maintain business resumption plans for the recovery of business functions and processing resources to minimize disruption for our members and other parties with whom we do business. We conduct disaster recovery exercises periodically that include both the Business Technology Services Group and business areas. The business resumption plans are based on a risk assessment that considers potential losses due to unavailability of service versus the cost of resumption. These plans anticipate a variety of probable scenarios ranging from local to regional crises. 
 
 We continue to enhance our crisis management framework to provide additional corporate guidance on the management of and response to significant crises that may have an adverse disruptive impact on our business. The crises identified include, but are not limited to, man-made and natural disasters including infectious disease pandemics, technology disruption and workforce issues. The objectives of the enhancements are to ensure, in the event of an identified crisis, we have well-documented plans in place to protect our employees and the work environment, safeguard CFC s operations, protect CFC s brand and reputation and minimize the impact of business disruptions. We conducted a business impact analysis for each identified crisis to assess the potential impact on our business operations, financial performance, technology and staff. The results of the business impact analysis have been utilized to develop management action plans that align business priorities, clarify responsibilities and establish processes and procedures that enable us to respond in a timely, proactive manner and take appropriate actions to manage and mitigate the potential disruptive impact of specified crises. 
 
 Our cybersecurity risk management efforts are a core component of our overall enterprise risk-management framework and CFC s operational risk oversight. CFC s cybersecurity efforts are an important element of our Business Technology Services Group. We have specific resources dedicated to cybersecurity, which enable our ability to measure, analyze and mitigate potential risks effectively. Efforts to further develop CFC s cybersecurity risk management are benchmarked against industry best practice notwithstanding an environment that continues to evolve as new potential risks emerge. Cyber-related attacks pose a risk to the security of our members strategic business information and the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which include strategic and proprietary information. Because such an attack could have a material adverse impact on our operations, the CFC Board of Directors is actively engaged in the oversight of our continuous efforts in monitoring and managing the risks associated with the ever-evolving nature of cybersecurity threats. Each quarter, or more frequently as requested by the board of directors, management provides reports on CFC s security operations, including any cybersecurity incidents, management s efforts to promptly respond to and resolve such incidents, and any other related information requested from management. On at least an annual basis, the board of directors reviews management reports concerning the disclosure controls and procedures in place to enable CFC to make accurate and timely disclosures about any material cybersecurity events. Additionally, upon the occurrence of a material cybersecurity incident, the board of directors will be notified of the event so it may properly evaluate such incident, including management s remediation plan. 

76 

Table of Con tent s 

 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 Below we discuss each of the non-GAAP financial measures and provide a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. We believe our non-GAAP financial measures, which are not a substitute for U.S. GAAP and may not be consistent with similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies, provide meaningful information and are useful to investors because management evaluates performance based on these metrics for purposes of (i) establishing performance goals; (ii) budgeting and forecasting; (iii) comparing period-to-period operating results, analyzing changes in results and identifying potential trends; and (iv) making compensation decisions. In addition, certain of the financial covenants in our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements and debt indentures are based on non-GAAP financial measures. 
 
 Statements of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 One of our primary performance measures is TIER, which is a measure indicating our ability to cover the interest expense requirements on our debt. TIER is calculated by adding the interest expense to net income prior to the cumulative effect of change in accounting principle and dividing that total by the interest expense. We adjust the TIER calculation to add the derivative cash settlements expense to the interest expense and to remove the derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments from total net income. Adding the cash settlements expense back to interest expense also has a corresponding effect on our adjusted net interest income. 
 
 We use derivatives to manage interest rate risk on our funding of the loan portfolio. The derivative cash settlements expense represents the amount that we receive from or pay to our counterparties based on the interest rate indexes in our derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting. We adjust the reported interest expense to include the derivative cash settlements expense. We use the adjusted cost of funding to set interest rates on loans to our members and believe that the interest expense adjusted to include derivative cash settlements expense represents our total cost of funding for the period. TIER, calculated by adding the derivative cash settlements expense to the interest expense, reflects management s perspective on our operations and, therefore, we believe that it represents a useful financial measure for investors. 
 
 The derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments do not represent our cash inflows or outflows during the current period and, therefore, do not affect our current ability to cover our debt service obligations. The derivative forward value gains (losses) included in the derivative gains (losses) line of the statement of operations represents a present-value estimate of the future cash inflows or outflows that will be recognized as net cash settlements expense for all periods through the maturity of our derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting. We have not issued foreign-denominated debt since 2007, and as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, there were no foreign currency derivative instruments outstanding. For operational management and decision-making purposes, we subtract derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments from our net income when calculating TIER and for other net income presentation purposes. In addition, since the derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments do not represent current-period cash flows, we do not allocate such funds to our members and, therefore, exclude the derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments from net income in calculating the amount of net income to be allocated to our members. TIER, calculated by excluding the derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments from net income, reflects management s perspective on our operations and, therefore, we believe that it represents a useful financial measure for investors. 
 
 Total equity includes the noncash impact of derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments recorded in net income. It also includes as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income the impact of changes in the fair value of derivatives designated as cash flow hedges as well as the remaining transition adjustment recorded when we adopted the accounting guidance that required all derivatives be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. In evaluating our debt-to-equity ratio discussed further below, we make adjustments to equity similar to the adjustments made in calculating TIER. We exclude from total equity the cumulative impact of changes in derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments and amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives designated for cash flow hedge accounting and the remaining derivative transition adjustment to derive non-GAAP adjusted equity. 

77 

Table of Con tent s 

 Net Income and Adjusted Net Income 
 
 Table 34 provides a reconciliation of adjusted interest expense, adjusted net interest income, adjusted total revenue and adjusted net income to the comparable U.S. GAAP measures. These adjusted measures are used in the calculation of our adjusted net interest yield and adjusted TIER for each fiscal year in the five-year period ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Table 34: Adjusted Net Income Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Adjusted net interest income: Interest income 1,351,729 1,141,243 1,116,601 1,151,286 1,135,670 Interest expense (1,036,508) (705,534) (702,063) (821,089) (836,209) Include: Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) (1) 
 33,577 (101,385) (115,645) (55,873) (43,611) Adjusted interest expense (1,002,931) (806,919) (817,708) (876,962) (879,820) Adjusted net interest income 348,798 334,324 298,893 274,324 255,850 Adjusted total revenue: Net interest income 315,221 435,709 414,538 330,197 299,461 Fee and other income 18,134 17,193 18,929 22,961 15,355 Total revenue 333,355 452,902 433,467 353,158 314,816 Include: Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) (1) 
 33,577 (101,385) (115,645) (55,873) (43,611) Adjusted total revenue 366,932 351,517 317,822 297,285 271,205 Adjusted net income: Net income (loss) 501,587 798,537 813,978 (589,430) (151,210) Exclude: Derivative forward value gains (losses) (2) 
 252,267 557,867 621,946 (734,278) (319,730) Adjusted net income 249,320 240,670 192,032 144,848 168,520 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the net periodic contractual interest expense amount on our interest rate swaps during the reporting period. 
 (2) Represents the change in fair value of our interest rate swaps during the reporting period due to changes in expected future interest rates over the remaining life of our derivative contracts. 
 
 We primarily fund our loan portfolio through the issuance of debt. However, we use derivatives as economic hedges as part of our strategy to manage the interest rate risk associated with funding our loan portfolio. We therefore consider the interest expense incurred on our derivatives to be part of our funding cost in addition to the interest expense on our debt. As such, we add net periodic derivative cash settlements interest expense amounts to our reported interest expense to derive our adjusted interest expense and adjusted net interest income. We exclude unrealized derivative forward value gains and losses from our adjusted total revenue and adjusted net income. 
 
 TIER and Adjusted TIER 
 
 Table 35 displays the calculation of our TIER and adjusted TIER for each fiscal year in the five-year period ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 Table 35: TIER and Adjusted TIER 
 Year Ended May 31, 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 TIER (1) 
 1.48 2.13 2.16 0.28 0.82 Adjusted TIER (2) 
 1.25 1.30 1.23 1.17 1.19 

78 

Table of Con tent s 

 ____________________________ 
 (1) TIER is calculated based on our net income (loss) plus interest expense for the period divided by interest expense for the period. 
 (2) Adjusted TIER is calculated based on adjusted net income (loss) plus adjusted interest expense for the period divided by adjusted interest expense for the period. 

Liabilities and Equity and Adjusted Liabilities and Equity 
 
 Management relies on the adjusted debt-to-equity ratio as a key measure in managing our business. We therefore believe that this adjusted measure, in combination with the comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, is useful to investors in evaluating our financial condition. We adjust the comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure to: 
 
 exclude debt used to fund loans that are guaranteed by RUS from total liabilities; 
 exclude from total liabilities, and add to total equity, debt with equity characteristics issued to our members and in the capital markets; and 
 exclude the noncash impact of derivative financial instruments and foreign currency adjustments from total liabilities and total equity. 
 
 We are an eligible lender under an RUS loan guarantee program. Loans issued under this program carry the U.S. government s guarantee of all interest and principal payments. We have little or no risk associated with the collection of principal and interest payments on these loans. Therefore, we believe there is little or no risk related to the repayment of the liabilities used to fund RUS-guaranteed loans and we subtract such liabilities from total liabilities to calculate our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio. 
 
 Members may be required to purchase subordinated certificates as a condition of membership and as a condition to obtaining a loan or guarantee. The subordinated certificates are accounted for as debt under U.S. GAAP. The subordinated certificates have long-dated maturities and pay no interest or pay interest that is below market, and under certain conditions we are prohibited from making interest payments to members on the subordinated certificates. For computing our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio we subtract members subordinated certificates from total liabilities and add members subordinated certificates to total equity. 
 
 We also sell subordinated deferrable debt in the capital markets with maturities of up to 30 years and the option to defer interest payments. The characteristics of subordination, deferrable interest and long-dated maturity are all equity characteristics. In calculating our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio, we subtract subordinated deferrable debt from total liabilities and add it to total equity. 
 
 We record derivative instruments at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. For computing our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio we exclude the noncash impact of our derivative accounting from liabilities and equity. Also, for computing our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio we exclude the impact of foreign currency valuation adjustments from liabilities and equity. The debt-to-equity ratio adjusted to exclude the effect of foreign currency translation reflects management s perspective on our operations and, therefore, we believe is a useful financial measure for investors. 
 
 Table 36 provides a reconciliation between our total liabilities and total equity and the adjusted amounts used in the calculation of our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio as of the end of each fiscal year in the five-year period ended May 31, 2023. As indicated in Table 36, subordinated debt is treated in the same manner as equity in calculating our adjusted debt-to-equity ratio. 

79 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 36: Adjusted Liabilities and Equity 
 May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Adjusted total liabilities: Total liabilities 31,422,811 29,109,413 28,238,484 27,508,783 25,820,490 Exclude: Derivative liabilities 115,074 128,282 584,989 1,258,459 391,724 Debt used to fund loans guaranteed by RUS 122,873 131,128 139,136 146,764 153,991 Subordinated deferrable debt 1,283,436 986,518 986,315 986,119 986,020 Subordinated certificates 1,223,126 1,234,161 1,254,660 1,339,618 1,357,129 Adjusted total liabilities 28,678,302 26,629,324 25,273,384 23,777,823 22,931,626 Adjusted total equity: Total equity 2,589,249 2,141,969 1,399,879 648,822 1,303,882 Exclude: Prior fiscal year-end cumulative derivative forward value gains (losses) (1) 
 90,831 (467,036) (1,088,982) (354,704) (34,974) Year-to-date derivative forward value gains (losses) (1) 
 252,267 557,867 621,946 (734,278) (319,730) Period-end cumulative derivative forward value gains (losses) (1) 
 343,098 90,831 (467,036) (1,088,982) (354,704) AOCI attributable to derivatives (2) 
 1,001 1,341 1,718 2,130 2,571 Subtotal 344,099 92,172 (465,318) (1,086,852) (352,133) Include: Subordinated deferrable debt 1,283,436 986,518 986,315 986,119 986,020 Subordinated certificates 1,223,126 1,234,161 1,254,660 1,339,618 1,357,129 Subtotal 2,506,562 2,220,679 2,240,975 2,325,737 2,343,149 Adjusted total equity 4,751,712 4,270,476 4,106,172 4,061,411 3,999,164 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents consolidated total derivative forward value gains (losses). 
 (2) Represents the AOCI amount related to derivatives. See Note 11 Equity for the additional components of AOCI. 
 
 Debt-to-Equity and Adjusted Debt-to-Equity Ratios 
 
 Table 37 displays the calculations of our debt-to-equity and adjusted debt-to-equity ratios as of the end of each fiscal year during the five-year period ended May 31, 2023. 

80 

Table of Con tent s 

 Table 37: Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Adjusted Debt-to-Equity Ratio 
 May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Debt-to-equity ratio: Total liabilities 31,422,811 29,109,413 28,238,484 27,508,783 25,820,490 Total equity 2,589,249 2,141,969 1,399,879 648,822 1,303,882 Debt-to-equity ratio (1) 
 12.14 13.59 20.17 42.40 19.80 Adjusted debt-to-equity ratio: Adjusted total liabilities (2) 
 28,678,302 26,629,324 25,273,384 23,777,823 22,931,626 Adjusted total equity (2) 
 4,751,712 4,270,476 4,106,172 4,061,411 3,999,164 Adjusted debt-to-equity ratio (3) 
 6.04 6.24 6.15 5.85 5.73 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Calculated based on total liabilities at period-end divided by total equity at period-end. 
 (2) See Table 36 above for details on the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. 
 (3) Calculated based on adjusted total liabilities at period-end divided by adjusted total equity at period-end. 
 
 Total CFC Equity and Members Equity 
 
 Members equity excludes the noncash impact of derivative forward value gains (losses) and foreign currency adjustments recorded in net income and amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. Because these amounts generally have not been realized, they are not available to members and are excluded by the CFC Board of Directors in determining the annual allocation of adjusted net income to patronage capital, to the members capital reserve and to other member funds. Table 38 provides a reconciliation of members equity to total CFC equity as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. We present the components of accumulated other comprehensive income in Note 11 Equity. 
 
 Table 38: Members Equity 
 May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Members equity: Total CFC equity 2,562,059 2,114,573 Exclude: Accumulated other comprehensive income 8,343 2,258 Period-end cumulative derivative forward value gains attributable to CFC (1) 
 342,624 92,363 Subtotal 350,967 94,621 Members equity 2,211,092 2,019,952 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents period-end cumulative derivative forward value gains for CFC only, as total CFC equity does not include the noncontrolling interests of the variable interest entities NCSC and RTFC, which we are required to consolidate. We report the separate results of operations for CFC in Note 16 Business Segments. The period-end cumulative derivative forward value total gain amounts as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 are presented above in Table 36. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, see Item 7. MD A Market Risk and MD A Consolidated Results of Operations Non-Interest Income Derivatives Gains (Losses) and also Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities in this Report. 

81 

Table of Con tent s 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 87 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 202 3 and 20 22 
 88 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 89 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 90 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 92 
 Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 92 
 Note 2 Interest Income and Interest Expense 
 102 
 Note 3 Investment Securities 
 102 
 Note 4 Loans 
 104 
 Note 5 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 117 
 Note 6 Short-Term Borrowings 
 119 
 Note 7 Long-Term Debt 
 120 
 Note 8 Subordinated Deferrable Debt 
 123 
 Note 9 Members Subordinated Certificates 
 124 
 Note 10 Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities 
 126 
 Note 11 Equity 
 130 
 Note 12 Employee Benefits 
 133 
 Note 13 Guarantees 
 134 
 Note 14 Fair Value Measurement 
 136 
 Note 15 Variable Interest Entities 
 140 
 Note 16 Business Segments 
 142 

82 

Table of Con tent s 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Members 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Assessment of the allowance for credit losses of loans evaluated on a collective basis 
 As discussed in Notes 1 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company's allowance for credit losses for loans evaluated on a collective basis (the collective ACL) was 27.3 million as of May 31, 2023. The collective ACL includes the measure of expected credit losses on a collective (pool) basis for those loans that share similar risk characteristics. The Company estimates the collective ACL using a probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) methodology. The Company segments its loan portfolio into pools based on member borrower type, which is based on the utility sector of the borrower, and further by internal borrower risk ratings. The Company then applies loss factors, consisting of the PD and LGD, to the scheduled loan-level amortization amounts over the life of the loans. 

83 

Table of Con tent s 

 Due to a limited history of defaults in the portfolio, the Company utilizes third-party default data tables for the utility sector as a proxy to estimate default rates for each of the pools. Based on the mapping of internal borrower risk rating to equivalent credit rating provided in the third- party utility default tables, the Company applies corresponding cumulative default rates to the scheduled loan amortization amounts over the remaining life of loan in each of the pools. For estimation of an LGD the Company utilizes its lifetime historical loss experience for each of the portfolio segments. The Company estimates that, based on historical experience, expected credit losses will not be affected by changes in economic factors and therefore, the Company has not made adjustments to the historical rates for any economic forecasts. The Company considers the need to adjust the historical loss information for differences in the specific characteristics of its existing loan portfolio based on an evaluation of relevant qualitative factors, such as differences in the composition of the loan portfolio, underwriting standards, problem loan trends, the quality of the Company's credit review functions, the regulatory environment and other pertinent external factors. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the collective ACL as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort, including specialized skills and knowledge, and subjective and complex auditor judgment was involved in the assessment of the collective ACL due to significant measurement uncertainty. Specifically, the assessment encompassed the evaluation of the collective ACL methodology, portfolio segmentation, and the method used to estimate the PD and LGD and their significant assumptions, including third-party proxy default data for the utility sector, and borrower risk ratings. The assessment also included an evaluation of the conceptual soundness of the collective ACL methodology. In addition, auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design of certain internal controls related to the Company s measurement of the collective ACL estimate, including controls over the: 
 
 development of the collective ACL methodology 
 
 continued use and appropriateness of the method and significant assumptions used to develop the PD and LGD 
 
 analysis of credit quality trends and ratios. 
 
 We evaluated the Company s process to develop the collective ACL estimate by testing certain sources of data, factors, and assumptions that the Company used, and considered the relevance and reliability of such data, factors, and assumptions. In addition, we involved credit risk professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the Company s collective ACL methodology for compliance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 evaluating the conceptual soundness and the judgments made by the Company relative to the assessment of the PD and LGD by comparing them to relevant Company-specific metrics and trends and the applicable industry and regulatory practices 
 
 determining whether the loan portfolio is segmented by similar risk characteristics by comparing to the Company s business environment and relevant industry practices 
 
 testing individual borrower risk ratings for a selection of borrowers by evaluating the financial performance of the borrower, sources of repayment, and any relevant guarantees or underlying collateral 
 
 evaluating the appropriateness of mapping an alignment of internal borrower risk ratings to equivalent credit ratings provided in the third-party utility default table. 

84 

Table of Con tent s 

 We also assessed sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained related to the collective ACL estimate by evaluating the: 
 
 cumulative results of the audit procedures 
 
 qualitative aspects of the Company s accounting practices 
 
 potential bias in the accounting estimates. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 August 2, 2023 

85 

Table of Con tent s 

 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Net interest income Benefit (provision) for credit losses ) ) Net interest income after benefit (provision) for credit losses Non-interest income: Fee and other income 
 Derivative gains Investment securities losses ) ) Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 
 ) ) ) Other general and administrative expenses 
 ) ) ) Losses on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other non-interest expense ) ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income attributable to CFC The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

86 

Table of Con tent s 

 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive income: Changes in unrealized gains on derivative cash flow hedges Reclassification to earnings of realized gains on derivatives ) ) ) Defined benefit plan adjustments ) Other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income Less: Total comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to CFC The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

87 

Table of Con tent s 

 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Investment securities: Debt securities trading, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value Total investment securities, at fair value Loans to members Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans to members, net Accrued interest receivable Other receivables Fixed assets, net Derivative assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Accrued interest payable Debt outstanding: Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Subordinated deferrable debt Members subordinated certificates: Membership subordinated certificates Loan and guarantee subordinated certificates Member capital securities Total members subordinated certificates Total debt outstanding Deferred income Derivative liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity: CFC equity: Retained equity Accumulated other comprehensive income Total CFC equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

88 

Table of Con tent s 

 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 

(Dollars in thousands) Membership Fees and Educational Fund Patronage Capital Allocated Members Capital Reserve Unallocated Net Income (Loss) CFC Retained Equity Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total CFC Equity Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Balance as of May 31, 2020 ) ) Cumulative effect from adoption of new accounting standard ) ) ) ) Balance as of June 1, 2020 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Patronage capital retirement ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2021 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Patronage capital retirement ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2022 Net income Other comprehensive income Patronage capital retirement ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

89 

Table of Con tent s 

 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of deferred loan fees ) ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount Amortization of guarantee fee Depreciation and amortization Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Unrealized (gains) losses on equity and debt securities ) Derivative forward value gains ) ) ) Advances on loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Accrued interest payable ) Deferred income Other ) ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Advances on loans held for investment, net ) ) ) Investments in fixed assets, net ) ) ) Purchase of trading securities 
 ) ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of trading securities 
 Proceeds from redemption of equity securities 
 Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from (repayments of) short-term borrowings 90 days, net ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings with original maturity > 90 days Repayments of short-term borrowings with original maturity > 90 days ) ) ) Payments for issuance costs for revolving bank lines of credit 
 ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of discount and issuance costs 
 Payments for retirement of long-term debt 
 ) ) ) Payments made for early extinguishment of debt 
 ) ) Payments for issuance costs for subordinated deferrable debt 
 ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated deferrable debt Proceeds from issuance of members subordinated certificates 
 Payments for retirement of members subordinated certificates 
 ) ) ) Payments for retirement of patronage capital 
 ) ) ) Additions (repayments) for membership fees, net ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Beginning cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Ending cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

90 

Table of Con tent s 

 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Noncash financing and investing activities: Equity investment, at cost, obtained in exchange for loan held for investment The accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are an integral part of these statements. 

91 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

92 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

93 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We also elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from the credit quality disclosures required under CECL. 

94 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

95 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

96 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and are generally revolving facilities used for working capital and backup liquidity purposes. Historically, we have experienced a very low utilization rate on line of credit loan facilities, whether or not there is a material adverse change clause. Since we generally do not charge a fee on the unadvanced portion of the majority of our loan facilities, our borrowers will typically request long-term facilities to fund construction work plans and other capital expenditures for periods of up to and draw down on the facility over that time. These factors contribute to our expectation that the majority of the unadvanced line of credit loan commitments will expire without being fully drawn upon and that the total unadvanced amount does not necessarily represent future cash funding requirements. 

years. We recognized depreciation expense of million, million a nd million in the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 fiscal year 2023 ), May 31, 2022 fiscal year 2022 and May 31, 2021 fiscal year 2021 ), respectively. We perform a fixed assets impairment assessment annually or more frequently, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Based on our annual impairment assessment for fiscal years 2023 and 2022, management determined that there were no indicators of impairment of our fixed assets as of May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022. 
 
 Furniture and fixtures Computer software and hardware Other Depreciable fixed assets Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net depreciable fixed assets Land Software development in progress Fixed assets, net 

97 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of unamortized capitalized implementation costs for cloud computing service contracts a s of May 31, 2023, which included accumulated amortization related to these costs of million and we recognized amortization expense of million in fisc al year 2023 for these costs. 

98 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

99 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

membership fee. CFC service organization members pay a membership fee and CFC associates pay a fee. RTFC voting members pay a membership fee and RTFC associates pay a fee. NCSC members pay a membership fee. Membership fees are accounted for as members equity. 

of the amount allocated is retired in cash prior to filing the applicable tax return. 
 
 for each of fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. Substantially all of the income tax expense recorded in our consolidated statements of operations relates to NCSC. NCSC had a deferred tax asset of million as of both of May 31, 2023 and 2022, primarily arising from differences in the accounting and tax treatment for derivatives. We believe that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset s will be realized through taxable earnings. RTFC had a deferred tax asset of million as of May 31, 2023, primarily arising from CFC s early retirement of its allocated but unretired patronage capital to RTFC at a discount as discussed above under The Company section. million as of May 31, 2022, primarily arising from net operating loss carryforwards. RTFC had a deferred asset valuation allowance of million and less than million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as we believe that is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized through taxable earnings. 

100 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

101 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Investment securities Total interest income Interest expense: (2)(3) 
 Short-term borrowings (4) 
 Long-term debt (5) 
 Subordinated debt Total interest expense Net interest income 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Includes loan conversion fees, which are generally deferred and recognized in interest income over the period to maturity using the effective interest method, late payment fees, commitment fees and net amortization of deferred loan fees and loan origination costs. 
 (2) Includes amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs, which are generally deferred and recognized as interest expense over the period to maturity using the effective interest method. Issuance costs related to dealer commercial paper, however, are recognized in interest expense immediately as incurred. 
 (3) Includes fees related to funding arrangements, such as up-front fees paid to banks participating in our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements. Based on the nature of the fees, the amount is either recognized immediately as incurred or deferred and recognized in interest expense ratably over the term of the arrangement. 
 (4) Short-term borrowings consist of interest expense paid for commercial paper, select notes, daily liquidity fund notes and secured borrowings under repurchase agreements. 

million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, consists primarily of deferred loan conversion fees that totaled million and million as of each 

102 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Corporate debt securities Commercial Agency MBS (1) 
 U.S. state and municipality debt securities Foreign government debt securities Other ABS (2) 
 Total debt securities trading, at fair value 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Consists of securities backed by the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ). 
 (2) Consists primarily of securities backed by auto lease loans, equipment-backed loans, auto loans and credit card loans. 
 
 We recognized net unrealized losses on our debt securities of million, million and million for the years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 We sold million of debt securities at fair value and recorded realized gains related to the sale of these securities of less than million for the year ended May 31, 2023. We sold million of debt securities at fair value and recorded realized gains on the sale of these securities of less than million for the year ended May 31, 2022. We sold million of debt securities at fair value and recorded realized losses on the sale of these securities of less than million for the year ended May 31, 2021. 
 
 Equity Securities 

103 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Farmer Mac Class A common stock Total equity securities, at fair value 
 
 million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, net unrealized losses of million for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 and net unrealized gains of million for fiscal year ended May 31, 2021. These unrealized amounts are reported as a component of non-interest income on our consolidated statements of operations. 

years a nd line of credit loans. Under secured long-term facilities, borrowers have the option of selecting a fixed or variable rate for a period of one to years for each long-term loan advance. When a selected fixed interest rate term expires, the borrower may select another fixed-rate term or a variable rate. Line of credit loans are revolving loan facilities that typically have a variable interest rate and are generally unsecured. Collateral and security requirements for advances on loan commitments are identical to those required at the time of the initial loan approval. 
 
 Loans to Members 
 
 Loans to members consist of loans held for investment and loans held for sale. The outstanding amount of loans held for investment is recorded based on the unpaid principal balance, net of discounts, net charge-offs and recoveries, of loans and deferred loan origination costs. The outstanding amount of loans held for sale is recorded based on the lower of cost or fair value. 

104 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Power supply Statewide and associate Total CFC NCSC RTFC Total loans outstanding (1) 
 Deferred loan origination costs CFC (2) 
 Loans to members Loan type: Long-term loans: Fixed rate Variable rate Total long-term loans Lines of credit Total loans outstanding (1) 
 Deferred loan origination costs CFC (2) 
 Loans to members 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal balance, net of discounts, charge-offs and recoveries, of loans as of the end of each period. 
 (2) Deferred loan origination costs are recorded on the books of CFC. 
 
 Loan Sales 
 
 We may transfer whole loans and participating interests to third partie s. These transfers are typically made concurrently or within a short period of time with the closing of the loan sale or participation agreement at par value and meet the accounting criteria required for sale accounting. Therefore, we remove the transferred loans or participating interests from our consolidated balance sheets when control has been surrendered and recognize a gain or loss on the sale, if any. We retain a servicing performance obligation on the transferred loans and recognize related servicing fees on an accrual basis over the period for which servicing is provided, as we believe the servicing fee represents adequate compensation. Other than the servicing performance obligation, we have not retained any interest in the loans sold to date. In addition, we have no obligation to repurchase loans that are sold, except in the case of breaches of representations and warranties. 
 
 We sold CFC and NCSC loans, at par for cash, totaling million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We recorded immaterial losses on the sale of these loans attributable to the unamortized deferred loan origination costs associated with the transferred loans. We had loans held for sale as of May 31, 2023. We had loans held for sale totaling million as of May 31, 2022 which were sold at par for cash subsequent to year-end. 

105 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, accounted for and of total loans outstanding as of each respective date. The remaining loans outstanding in our portfolio were to RTFC members, affiliates and associates in the telecommunications industry. Our credit exposure is partially mitigated by long-term loans guaranteed by the RUS, which totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectivel y. 
 
 Single-Obligor Concentration 
 
 The outstanding loan exp osure for our largest borrowers totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, representing and of total loans outstanding as of each respective date. Our largest borrowers consisted of distribution systems and p ower supply systems as of May 31, 2023. In comparison, our largest borrowers consisted of distribution systems and power supply systems as of May 31, 2022. The largest total outstanding exposure to a single borrower or controlled group represented of total loans outstanding as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 We entered into a long-term standby purchase commitment agreement with Farmer Mac during fiscal year 2016. Under this agreement, we may designate certain long-term loans to be covered under the commitment, subject to approval by Farmer Mac, and in the event any such loan later goes into payment default for at least 90 days, upon request by us, Farmer Mac must purchase such loan at par value. We are required to pay Farmer Mac a monthly fee based on the unpaid principal balance of loans covered under the purchase commitment. The aggregate unpaid principal balance of designated and Farmer Mac-approved loan s was million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Loan exposure to our largest borrowers covered under the Farmer Mac agreement totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which reduced our exposure to the largest borrowers to and as of each respective date. We have had loan defaults for loans covered under this agreement; therefore, loans have been put to Farme r Mac for purchase pursuant to the standby purchase agreement as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Geographic Concentration 
 
 Although our organizational structure and mission results in single-industry concentration, we serve a geographically diverse group of electric and telecommunications borrowers throughout the U.S. The consolidated number of borrowers with loans outstanding totaled and as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, located in states and the District of Columbia. Of the and borrowers with loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and were electric power supply borrowers as of each respective date. Electric power supply borrowers generally require significantly more capital than electric distribution and telecommunications borrowers. 
 
 Texas accounted for the largest number of borrowers with loans outstanding in any one state as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022, as well as the largest concentration of loan exposure. 

106 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Power supply Statewide and associate Total CFC NCSC RTFC Total loan exposure to Texas-based borrowers Less: Loans covered under Farmer Mac standby purchase commitment 
 ) ) ) Net loan exposure to Texas-based borrowers 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 
 Assessing the overall credit quality of our loan portfolio and measuring our credit risk is an ongoing process that involves tracking payment status, TDRs, nonperforming loans, charge-offs, the internal risk ratings of our borrowers and other indicators of credit risk. We monitor and subject each borrower and loan facility in our loan portfolio to an individual risk assessment based on quantitative and qualitative factors. Payment status trends and internal risk ratings are indicators, among others, of the probability of borrower default and overall credit quality of our loan portfolio. 
 
 Payment Status of Loans 
 
 Loans are considered delinquent when contractual principal or interest amounts become past due 30 days or more following the scheduled payment due date. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when payment of principal or interest is 90 days or more past due or management determines that the full collection of principal and interest is doubtful. 

107 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Power supply Statewide and associate CFC total NCSC RTFC Total loans outstanding Percentage of total loans 
 
 May 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Current 30-89 Days Past Due > 90 Days Past Due Total Past Due Total Loans Outstanding Nonaccrual Loans Member class: CFC: Distribution Power supply Statewide and associate CFC total NCSC RTFC Total loans outstanding Percentage of total loans 
 
 We had CFC electric power supply borrower, Brazos Sandy Creek Electric Cooperative Inc. Brazos Sandy Creek ), with a delinquent loan of million and NCSC borrower with a delinquent loan of million as of May 31, 2023. In comparison, we had CFC electric power supply borrowers, Brazos Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. Brazos and Br azos Sandy Creek with delinquent loans totaling million as of May 31, 2022. The decrease in loans on nonaccrual stat us of million to million as of May 31, 2023, from million was due to the partial charge-offs related to the Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans, and t he receipt of loan principal payments on the outstanding nonaccrual loans. See Troubled Debt Restructurings, Nonperforming Loans and Net Charge-Offs below for additional information. 
 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 

108 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CFC Power Supply RTFC Total TDR loans Performance status of TDR loans: Performing TDR loans Nonperforming TDR loans Total TDR loans 
 ____________________________ 

TDR loans totaled million as of May 31, 2023, an increase of million from May 31, 2022, primarily due to the classification of Brazos nonperforming loans to nonperforming TDR loans during the quarter ended February 28, 2023 third quarter of fiscal year 2023 ). There were unadvanced commitments related to TDR loans as of May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022. 
 
 The performing TDR loans outstanding have been performing in accordance with the terms of their respective restructured loan agreements for an extended period of time and were on accrual status as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The CFC distribution borrower with the performing TDR loan also had line of credit as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022 . The line of credit facility for million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022, is restricted for fuel purchases only. Outstanding loans under this facility totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively . 
 
 We had nonperforming TDR loans outstanding to Brazos totaling million as of May 31, 2023, which were on nonaccrual status as of May 31, 2023. Brazos, a CFC Texas-based electric power supply borrower, filed for bankruptcy in March 2021 due to its exposure to elevated wholesale electric power costs during the February 2021 polar vortex. On November 14, 2022, Brazos plan of reorganization was confirmed by the bankruptcy court and it became effective on December 15, 2022. Due to Brazos experiencing financial difficulty and the principal loan concession provided to Brazos by the bankruptcy court as part of its approval of Brazos plan of reorganization, which was effective on December 15, 2022, the remaining Brazos loans outstanding were moved from nonperforming loans and classified as nonperforming TDR loans during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023. We did have any TDR loans classified as nonperforming as of May 31, 2022. Prior to the Brazos loan restructuring, we have not had any loan modifications that were required to be accounted for as TDRs since fiscal year 2016. In June 2023, we received the remaining payment of Brazos loans outstanding of million in accordance with the provisions of Brazos plan of reorganization to repay its loans in full. 
 
 Nonperforming Loans 
 
 In addition to TDR loans that may be classified as nonperforming, we also may have nonperforming loans that have not been modified as a TDR. 

109 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Total nonperforming loans _______________________ 

Nonperforming loan s totaled million as of May 31, 2023, a decrease of million from May 31, 2022, due to the receipt of loan principal payments, the partial charge-offs related to the Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek nonperforming loans, and the classification of Brazos nonperforming loans to TDR loans during the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, as discussed above. Brazos loans outstanding accounted for million of our total nonperforming loans as of May 31, 2022 and were delinquent and on nonaccrual as of this date. 
 
 Brazos Sandy Creek, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Brazos and a CFC Texas-based electric power supply borrower, filed for bankruptcy in March 2022 following the filing of a motion by Brazos to reject its power purchase agreement with Brazos Sandy Creek as part of Brazos bankruptcy proceedings. Brazos Sandy Creek s loan outstanding accounted for million and million of our total nonperforming loans as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and was delinquent and on nonaccrual as of each date. The loan is secured by Brazos Sandy Creek s tenant-in-common TIC ownership interest in the Brazos Sandy Creek Energy Station the Plant ), and its rights under a power purchase agreement PPA with Brazos for the output of the Brazos Sandy Creek Energy Station attributable to the TIC interest. On December 20, 2022, Brazos Sandy Creek s TIC ownership interest in the Plant was sold for a credit bid of million to Riesel HoldCo, LLC HoldCo, an entity formed by the Brazos Sandy Creek noteholders. CFC was allocated ownership shares in HoldCo based on its share in the million credit bid, which totaled million that was recorded as an equity investment in HoldCo during the current year in the other assets line of our consolidated balance sheets and reduced the Brazos Sandy Creek loan balance by the same amount. HoldCo intends to manage its ownership interest in the Plant directly and potentially sell it at a future dat e; however, HoldCo has no current timeline for its disposition. In July 2023, we received the remaining payment of Brazos Sandy Creek s loan outstanding of million to repay its loans in full. 
 
 Net Charge-Offs 
 
 Charge-offs represent the amount of a loan that has been removed from our consolidated balance sheet when the loan is deemed uncollectible. Generally the amount of a charge-off is the recorded investment in excess of the discounted expected cash flows from the loan, or, if the loan is collateral dependent, the fair value of the underlying collateral securing the loan. We report charge-offs net of amounts recovered on previously charged-off loans. We experienced charge-offs totaling million for the CFC electric power supply loan portfolio related to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans during fiscal year 2023, which resulted in a net charge-off rate of . In comparison, we had loan charge-offs during fiscal years ended May 31, 2022 and 2021. Prior to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek s bankruptcy filings, we had t experienced any defaults or charge-offs in our electric utility and telecommunications loan portfolios since fiscal years 2013 and 2017, respectively. 

110 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years and as indicated in Table 4.6 below, term loan advances made to borrowers prior to fiscal year 2019 totaled million, representing of our total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023. The average remaining maturity of our long-term loans, which accounted for of total loans outstanding as of May 31, 2023, was years. 

111 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Power supply Statewide and associate 
 CFC total NCSC RTFC Total pass Special mention CFC: Distribution Power supply Statewide and associate CFC total RTFC Total special mention Substandard CFC: Power supply Total substandard Doubtful CFC: Power supply CFC total RTFC Total doubtful Total criticized loans Total loans outstanding 
 
 Criticized loans totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and represented approximately and of total loans outstanding as of each respective date. The decrease of million in criticized loans was due primarily to loan payments received from a CFC electric distribution borrower in the special mention category, and from a CFC electric power supply borrower, Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek in the doubtful category, and the partial charge-offs related to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans during fiscal year 2023 . Each of the borrowers with loans outstanding in the criticized category, with the exception of Brazos Sandy Creek, was current with regard to all principal and interest amounts due to us as of May 31, 2023. In contrast, each of the borrowers with loans outstanding in the criticized category, with the exception of Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, which filed for bankruptcy in March 2021 and 

112 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million from Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, respectively, to repay their loans in full. See Troubled Debt Restructurings and N onperforming Loans above for additional information on Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek, respectively. 
 
 Special Mention 
 
 CFC electric distribution borrower with loans out standing of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, accounted for the substantial majority of loans in the special mention loan category amount of million and million as of each respective date. This borrower experienced an adverse financial impact from restoration costs incurred to repair damage caused by two successive hurricanes. We expect that the borrower will continue to receive grant funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the state where it is located for the full reimbursement of the hurricane damage-related restoration costs. 
 
 Substandard 
 
 We did have any loans classified as sub standard as of May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022. 
 
 Doubtful 
 
 Loans outstanding classified as doubtful totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, consisting of total loans outstanding to Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek totaling million an d million as of each respective date and loans outstanding to a CFC electric power supply borrower of million and million as of each respective date. See Troubled Debt Restructurings and N onperforming Loans above for additional information on these loans. 
 
 Unadvanced Loan Commitments 
 
 Unadvanced loan commitments represent approved and executed loan contracts for which funds have not been advanced to borrowers. 

113 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Power supply Statewide and associate Total CFC NCSC RTFC Total unadvanced commitments Loan type: (1) 
 Long-term loans: Fixed rate Variable rate Total long-term loans Lines of credit Total unadvanced commitments 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) The interest rate on unadvanced loan commitments is not set until an advance is made; therefore, all unadvanced long-term loan commitments are reported as variable rate. However, the borrower may select either a fixed or a variable rate when an advance is drawn under a loan commitment. 
 
 Long-term loans Total 
 
 Unadvanced line of credit commitments accounted for of total unadvanced loan commitments as of May 31, 2023, while unadvanced long-term loan commitments accounted for of total unadvanced loan commitments. Unadvanced line of credit commitments are typically revolving facilities for periods not to ex ceed five years and generally serve as supplemental back-up liquidity to our borrowers. Historically, borrowers have not drawn the full commitment amount for line of credit facilities, and we have experienced a very low utilization rate on line of credit loan facilities regardless of whether or not we are obligated to fund the facility where a material adverse change exists. 
 
 Our unadvanced long-term loan commitments typically have a draw period under which a borrower may draw funds prior to the expiration of the commitment. We expect that the majority of the long-term unadvanced loan commitments of million will be advanced prior to the expiration of the commitment. 

114 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million as of May 31, 2023 is not necessarily representative of our future funding requirements. 
 
 Unadvanced Loan Commitments Conditional 
 
 The substantial majority of our line of credit commitments and all of our unadvanced long-term loan commitments include material adverse change clauses. Unadvanced loan commitments subject to material adverse change clauses totaled million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Prior to making an advance on these facilities, we confirm that there has been no material adverse change in the business or condition, financial or otherwise, of the borrower since the time the loan was approved and confirm that the borrower is currently in compliance with loan terms and conditions. In some cases, the borrower s access to the full amount of the facility is further constrained by the designated purpose, imposition of borrower-specific restrictions or by additional conditions that must be met prior to advancing funds. 
 
 Unadvanced Loan Commitments Unconditional 
 
 Unadvanced loan commitments not subject to material adverse change clauses at the time of each advance consisted of unadvanced committed lines of credit totaling million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As such, we are required to advance amounts on these committed facilities as long as the borrower is in compliance with the terms and conditions of the facility. 

Pledged Collateral Loans 
 
 We are required to pledge eligible mortgage notes or other collateral in an amount at least equal to the outstanding balance of our secured debt. 

115 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Pledged collateral: Distribution system mortgage notes pledged RUS-guaranteed loans qualifying as permitted investments Total pledged collateral 1994 indenture: Collateral trust bonds outstanding Pledged collateral: Distribution system mortgage notes pledged Guaranteed Underwriter Program: Notes payable outstanding Pledged collateral: Distribution and power supply system mortgage notes pledged Farmer Mac: Notes payable outstanding Pledged collateral: Distribution and power supply system mortgage notes pledged Clean Renewable Energy Bonds Series 2009A: Notes payable outstanding Pledged collateral: Distribution and power supply system mortgage notes pledged Cash Total pledged collateral 

116 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2023 
 Year Ended May 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) CFC Distribution CFC Power Supply CFC Statewide Associate CFC Total NCSC RTFC Total Balance as of May 31, 2021 Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of May 31, 2022 
 Year Ended May 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) CFC Distribution CFC Power Supply CFC Statewide Associate CFC Total NCSC RTFC Total Balance as of May 31, 2020 Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of CECL accounting standard ) ) Balance as of June 1, 2020 Provision (benefit) for credit losses ) Balance as of May 31, 2021 

117 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Asset-specific allowance Total allowance for credit losses Loans outstanding: (1) 
 Collectively evaluated loans Individually evaluated loans Total loans outstanding Allowance ratios: Collective allowance coverage ratio (2) 
 Asset-specific allowance coverage ratio (3) 
 Total allowance coverage ratio (4) 

May 31, 2022 (Dollars in thousands) CFC Distribution CFC Power Supply CFC Statewide Associate CFC Total NCSC RTFC Total Allowance components: Collective allowance Asset-specific allowance Total allowance for credit losses Loans outstanding: (1) 
 Collectively evaluated loans Individually evaluated loans Total loans outstanding Allowance coverage ratios: Collective allowance coverage ratio (2) 
 Asset-specific allowance coverage ratio (3) 
 Total allowance coverage ratio (4) 
 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Represents the unpaid principal amount of loans as of the end of each period. Excludes unamortized deferred loan origination costs of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

118 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The allowance for credit losses and allowance coverage ratio was million and , respectively, as of May 31, 2023, a decrease of million and basis points, respectively, from May 31, 2022, due to reductions in the asset-specific allowance and the collective allowance of million and million, respectively. The decrease in asset-specific allowance was primarily attributable to charge-offs totaling million related to the Brazos and Brazos Sandy Creek loans, partially offset by an increase in the asset-specific allowance for Brazos, Brazos Sandy Creek and a nonperforming CFC power supply loan, due to a reduction and timing change in the expected payments on this loan. The decrease in the collective allowance was primarily attributable to an improvement in the credit quality and risk profile of our loan portfolio, and in the timing of the scheduled loan-level amortization amounts of our loan portfolio, partially offset by an increase in the collective allowance due to the loan portfolio growth. 
 
 Reserve for Credit Losses Unadvanced Loan Commitments 
 
 In addition to the allowance for credit losses f or our loan portfolio, we maintain an allowance for credit losses for unadvanced loan commitments, which we refer to as our reserve for credit losses bec ause this amount is reported as a component of other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. We measure the reserve for credit losses for unadvanced loan commitments based on expected credit losses over the contractual period of our exposure to credit risk arising from our obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by us. The reserve for credit losses related to our off-balance sheet exposure for unadvanced loan commitments was less than million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

or less and do not include the current portion of long-term debt. Our short-term borrowings totaled million and accounted for of total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023, compared with million, or of total debt outstanding, as of May 31, 2022. 
 
 Commercial paper members, at par Total commercial paper Select notes to members Daily liquidity fund notes to members Medium-term notes to members Total short-term borrowings 

119 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days. We also issue select notes for periods ranging from to days. Select notes are unsecured obligations that do not require backup bank lines of credit for liquidity purposes. These notes require a larger minimum investment than our commercial paper sold to members and, as a result, offer a higher interest rate than our commercial paper to members. We also issue daily liquidity fund notes, which are unsecured obligations that do not require backup bank lines of credit for liquidity purposes. We also issue medium-term notes, which represent unsecured obligations that may be issued through dealers in the capital markets or directly to our members. 
 
 Subsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we borrowed million in short-term notes payable under the note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac. We provide additional information on this revolving note purchase agreement below in Note 7 Long-Term Debt. 
 
 Committed Bank Revolving Line of Credit Agreements 
 
 bps 4-year agreement bps Total 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Facility fee determined by CFC s senior unsecured credit ratings based on the pricing schedules put in place at the inception of the related agreement. 
 
 On October 20, 2022, we amended the and committed bank revolving line of credit agreements to extend the maturity dates to November 28, 2025 and November 28, 2026, respectively, and to replace LIBOR with Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The total commitment amount under the facility and the facility remained unchanged at million and million, respectively, resulting in a combined total commitment amount under the facilities of million. These agreements allow us to request up to million of letters of credit, which, if requested, results in a reduction in the total amount available for our use. 
 
 have any outstanding borrowings under our committed bank revolving line of credit agreements as of May 31, 2023; however, we had letters of credit outstanding of million under the committed bank revolving agreement as of this date. We were in compliance with all covenants and conditions under the agreements as of May 31, 2023. 

million and accounted for of total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023, compared with million and of total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2022. Long-term debt with fixed- and variable-interest rate accounted for and , respectively, of our total long-term debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023, compared with and , respectively, of our total long-term debt outstanding as of May 31, 2022. 

120 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2023-2049 2023-2049 Unamortized discount, net ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total collateral trust bonds Guaranteed Underwriter Program notes payable 2025-2053 2025-2052 Farmer Mac notes payable 2023-2049 2022-2049 Other secured notes payable 2023 2022-2023 Debt issuance costs ) ) Total other secured notes payable Total secured notes payable Total secured long-term debt Unsecured long-term debt: Medium-term notes sold through dealers 2023-2037 2022-2032 Medium-term notes sold to members 2023-2037 2022-2037 Medium-term notes sold through dealers and to members Unamortized premium (discount), net ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total unsecured medium-term notes Unsecured notes payable 2023 2022-2023 Unamortized discount ) ) Debt issuance costs 
 ) Total unsecured notes payable Total unsecured long-term debt Total long-term debt 

121 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Secured Debt 
 
 Long-term secured debt of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, represented and of total long-term debt outstanding as of each respective date. We discuss below our long-term secured debt types and the activity during fiscal year 2023. We were in compliance with all covenants and conditions under our secured debt indentures as of May 31, 2023 and 2022. We are required to pledge eligible mortgage notes in an amount at least equal to the outstanding balance of our secured debt. See Note 4 Loans for information on pledged collateral under our secured debt agreements. 
 
 Collateral Trust Bonds 
 
 Collateral trust bonds represent secured obligations sold to investors in the capital markets. Collateral trust bonds are secured by the pledge of mortgage notes or eligible securities in an amount at least equal to the principal balance of the bonds outstanding. We issued aggregate principal amount of collateral trust bonds totaling million with an average fixed interest rate of and an average term of years during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 Guaranteed Underwriter Program Notes Payable 
 
 We borrowed million and repaid million of notes payable outstanding under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program during fiscal year 2023 . We had up to million available for access under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program as of May 31, 2023. On December 15, 2022, we closed on a million committed loan facility Series T from the Federal Financing Bank under the Guar anteed Underwriter Program. Pursuant to this facility, we may borrow any time before July 15, 2027. Each advance is subject to quarterly amortization and a final maturity not longer than years from the date of the a dvance. 
 
 The notes outstanding under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program contain a provision that if during any portion of the fiscal year, our senior secured credit ratings do not have at least two of the following ratings: (i) A3 or higher from Moody s, (ii) A- or higher from S P, (iii) A- or higher from Fitch or (iv) an equivalent rating from a successor rating agency to any of the above rating agencies, we may not make cash patronage capital distributions in excess of of total patronage capital. We are required to pledge eligible distribution system or power supply system loans as collateral in an amount at least equal to the total principal amount of notes outstanding under the Guaranteed Underwriter Program. 

122 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million from Farmer Mac, at any time, subject to market conditions through June 30, 2027. The agreement has successive automatic renewals beginning June 30, 2026, unless Farmer Mac provides days written notice of non-renewal. Pursuant to this revolving note purchase agreement, we can borrow, repay and re-borrow funds at any time through maturity, as market conditions permit, provided that the outstanding principal amount at any time does not exceed the total available under the agreement. Each borrowing under the revolving note purchase agreement is evidenced by a pricing agreement setting forth the interest rate, maturity date and other related terms as we may negotiate with Farmer Mac at the time of each such borrowing. We may select a fixed rate or variable rate at the time of each advance with a maturity as determined in the applicable pricing agreement. The amount outstanding under this agreement included million of long-term debt as of May 31, 2023. We borrowed and repaid million in short-term notes payable and borrowed million in long-term notes payable under the note purchase agreement with Farmer Mac during fiscal year 2023. The amount available for borrowing totaled million as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 Unsecured Debt 
 
 Long-term unsecured debt of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, represented and of total long-term debt outstanding as of each respective date. The increase in long-term unsecured debt of million for fiscal year 2023 was primarily attributable to dealer medium-term notes issuance, as described below, partially offset by dealer medium-term notes repayments. 
 
 Medium-Term Notes 
 
 million with an average fixed interest rate of and an average term of during the year ended May 31, 2023. Subsequent to the year ended May 31, 2023, we issued million due on September 15, 2028. 

and subordinated deferrable debt due 2043 and 2046, respectively, was issued for a term of up to years, pays interest semiannually, may be called at par after years, converts to a variable rate after years and allows us to defer the payment of interest for one or more consecutive interest periods not exceeding five consecutive years. 
 
 In April 2023, our subordinated deferrable debt due 2043 converted to a variable rate based on 3-month LIBOR plus . The variable-rate index on this subordinated deferrable debt was converted from 3-month LIBOR to 3-month Term SOFR plus the Alternative Reference Rates Committee ARRC recommended credit spread adjustment of basis points at the variable-rate reset date effective in July 2023. Our subordinated deferrable debt due 2046 will convert to a variable rate in April 2026 based on 3-month Term SOFR plus the ARRC recommended credit spread adjustment of basis points plus . Our subordinated deferrable debt due 2064 was issued for a term of up to years, pays interest quarterly, may be called at par after and allows us to defer the payment of interest for one or more consecutive interest periods not exceeding consecutive quarterly periods. 
 
 On May 26, 2023, we issued million of subordinated deferrable debt due 2053 for a term of up to years, which pays interest semiannually, may be called at par every , resets to a new fixed rate every based on the five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of and allows us to defer the payment of interest for one or more 

123 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

consecutive semiannual periods. To date, we have not exercised our right to defer interest payments. On June 26, 2023, we redeemed million in principal amount of our million subordinated deferrable debt due 2043, at par plus accrued interest. 
 
 2043 issuance 2016 
 2046 issuance 2019 
 2064 issuance 2023 
 2053 Total aggregate principal amount Debt issuance costs 
 ) ) Total subordinated deferrable debt 

years and pay interest at semiannually. No requ irement to purchase membership certificates has existed for NCSC or RTFC members. 
 
 Loan and Guarantee Subordinated Certificates 
 
 Members obtaining long-term loans, certain line of credit loans or guarantees may be required to purchase additional loan or guarantee subordinated certificates with each such loan or guarantee based on the borrower s debt-to-equity ratio with CFC. These certificates are unsecured, subordinated debt and may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
 
 Under our current policy, most borrowers requesting standard loans are not required to buy subordinated certificates as a condition of a loan or guarantee. Borrowers meeting certain criteria, including but not limited to, high leverage ratios, or borrowers requesting large facilities, may be required to purchase loan or guarantee subordinated certificates or member capital securities (described below) as a condition of the loan. Loan subordinated certificates have the same maturity as the related long-term loan. Some certificates may amortize annually based on the outstanding loan balance. 
 
 The interest rates payable on guarantee subordinated certificates purchased in conjunction with our guarantee program vary in accordance with applicable CFC policy. Guarantee subordinated certificates have the same maturity as the related guarantee. 

124 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years from the date of issuance and are callable at par at our option from the date of issuance and anytime thereafter. The interest rate for new member capital securities issuance is set at the time of issuance. These securities represent voluntary investments in CFC by the members. Member capital securities issued prior to fiscal year 2023 have a call option of years from the date of issuance and anytime thereafter. 
 
 Subscribed and unissued (1) 
 Total membership subordinated certificates Loan and guarantee subordinated certificates: Interest-bearing loan subordinated certificates maturing through 2045 Non-interest-bearing loan subordinated certificates maturing through 2047 Subscribed and unissued (1) 
 Total loan subordinated certificates Interest-bearing guarantee subordinated certificates maturing through 2044 Total loan and guarantee subordinated certificates Member capital securities: Securities maturing through 2052 Total members subordinated certificates 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) The subscribed and unissued subordinated certificates represent subordinated certificates that members are required to purchase. Upon collection of full payment of the subordinated certificate amount, the certificate will be reclassified from subscribed and unissued to outstanding. 
 
 The weighted-average maturity for all membership subordinated certificates outstan ding was and yea rs as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively . 

125 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) E xcludes million in subscribed and unissued member subordinated certificates for which a payment has been received, but no certificate has been issued. Amortizing member loan subordinated certificates totaling million are amortizing annually based on the unpaid principal balance of the related loan. Amortization payments on these certificates totaled million in fiscal year 2023 and represented of amortizing loan subordinated certificates outstanding. 

Receive-fixed swaps Subtotal Forward pay-fixed swaps Total interest rate swaps 

126 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 During fiscal year 2023, we executed Treasury lock agreements with an aggregate notional amount of million to hedge interest rate risk by locking in the underlying U.S. Treasury interest rate component of interest expense payments on anticipated debt issuances. The Treasury locks were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges. We terminated these Treasury locks in February 2023 and recorded a net settlement gain of million in AOCI, which will be reclassified into interest expense over the term that the hedged debt transaction affects earnings. We did t have any derivatives designated as accounting hedges as of May 31, 2023 or May 31, 2022. 
 
 Impact of Derivatives on Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 Total derivative assets Derivative liabilities: Interest rate swaps Total derivative liabilities ____________________________ 
 (1) The notional amount includes million and million notional amount of forward starting swaps, as shown above in Table 10.1: Derivative Notional Amount and Weighted-Average Rates, with an effective start date subsequent to May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively, outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively. The fair value of these swaps as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022 is included in the above table and in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 All of our master swap agreements include netting provisions that allow for offsetting of all contracts with a given counterparty in the event of default by one of the two parties. However, as indicated above, in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, we report derivative asset and liability amounts on a gross basis by individual contract. 

127 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Derivative liabilities: Interest rate swaps 
 May 31, 2022 Gross Amount of Recognized Assets/ Liabilities Gross Amount Offset in the Balance Sheet Net Amount of Assets/ Liabilities Presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amount Not Offset in the Balance Sheet (Dollars in thousands) Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Pledged Net Amount Derivative assets: Interest rate swaps Derivative liabilities: Interest rate swaps 
 
 Impact of Derivatives on Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 The primary factors affecting the fair value of our derivatives and the derivative gains (losses) recorded in our consolidated statements of operations include changes in interest rates, the shape of the swap curve and the composition of our derivative portfolio. We generally record derivative losses when interest rates decline and derivative gains when interest rates rise, as our derivative portfolio consists of a higher proportion of pay-fixed swaps than receive-fixed swaps. 
 
 ) ) Derivative forward value gains Derivative gains 

128 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) ) Falls below Baa1/BBB+ ) Falls to or below Baa2/BBB (2) 
 Total ) 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Rating trigger for CFC falls below A3/A-, while rating trigger for counterparty falls below Baa1/BBB+ by Moody s or S P, respectively. 

We have interest rate swaps with counterparty that are subject to a ratings trigger and early termination provision in the event of a downgrade of CFC s senior unsecured credit ratings below Baa3, BBB- or BBB- by Moody s, S P or Fitch, respectively. The outstanding notional amount of these swaps, which is not included in the above table , totaled million as of May 31, 2023. These swaps were in an unrealized gain position of million as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 and of the total outstanding notional amount of derivatives as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The aggregate fair value amount, including the credit valuation adjustment, of all interest rate swaps with rating triggers that were in a net liability position was million 

129 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million to million as of May 31, 2023, attributable primarily to our reported net income of million for the year ended May 31, 2023, partially offset by the patronage capital retirement of million authorized by the CFC Board of Directors in July 2022. 
 
 Educational fund Total membership fees and educational fund Patronage capital allocated Members capital reserve Unallocated net income (loss): Prior year-end cumulative derivative forward value gains (losses) ) Current-year derivative forward value gains (1) 
 Current year-end cumulative derivative forward value gains Other unallocated net loss ) ) Unallocated net gain CFC retained equity Accumulated other comprehensive income Total CFC equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity 
 ____________________________ 

Allocation of Net Earnings and Retirement of Patronage Capital CFC 
 
 District of Columbia cooperative law requires cooperatives to allocate net earnings to patrons, to a general reserve in an amount sufficient to maintain a balance of at least of paid-in capital and to a cooperative educational fund, as well as permits additional allocations to board-approved reserves. District of Columbia cooperative law also requires that a cooperative s net earnings be allocated to all patrons in proportion to their individual patronage and each patron s allocation be distributed to the patron unless the patron agrees that the cooperative may retain its share as additional capital. 
 
 Annually, the CFC Board of Directors allocates its net earnings to its patrons in the form of patronage capital, to a cooperative educational fund, to a general reserve, if necessary, and to board-approved reserves. An allocation to the general reserve is made, if necessary, to maintain the balance of the general reserve at of the membership fees c ollected. The general reserve is included in the patronage capital allocated component of CFC s retained equity. CFC s bylaws require the allocation to the cooperative educational fund to be at least of its net earnings. Funds from the coopera tive educational fund are disbursed annually to statewide cooperative organizations to fund the teaching of cooperative principles and for other cooperative education programs. 

130 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

additional board-approved reserve, the members capital reserve. The CFC Board of Directors determines the amount of net earnings that is allocated to the members capital reserve, if any. The members capital reserve represents net earnings that CFC holds to increase equity retention. The net earnings held in the members capital reserve have not been specifically allocated to members, but may be allocated to individual members in the future as patronage capital if authorized by the CFC Board of Directors. 
 
 All remaining net earnings are allocated to CFC s members in the form of patronage capital. The amount of net earnings allocated to each member is based on the member s patronage of CFC s lending programs during the year. No interest is earned by members on allocated patronage capital. There is no effect on CFC s total equity as a result of allocating net earnings to members in the form of patronage capital or to board-approved reserves. The CFC Board of Directors has voted annually to retire a portion of the patronage capital allocation. Upon retirement, patronage capital is paid out in cash to the members to whom it was allocated. CFC s total equity is reduced by the amount of patronage capital retired to its members and by amounts disbursed from board-approved reserves. CFC s net earnings for determining allocations are based on CFC s non-GAAP adjusted net income, which excludes the impact of derivative forward value gains and losses. 
 
 The current policy of the CFC Board of Directors is to retire of the prior year s allocated patronage capital and hold the remaining for years. The retirement amount and timing is subject to annual approval by the CFC Board of Directors. 
 
 In May 2023, the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of million of net earnings for fiscal year 2023 to the cooperative educational fund. In July 2023, the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of net earnings for fiscal year 2023 as follows: million to members in the form of patronage capital and million to the members capital reserve. The amount of patronage capital allocated each year by the CFC Board of Directors is based on adjusted net income, which excludes the impact of derivative forward value gains (losses). See Item 7. MD A Non-GAAP Financial Measures for information on adjusted net income. 
 
 In July 2023, the CFC Board of Directors also authorized the retirement of allocated net earnings totaling million, of which million represented of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2023 and million represented the portion of the allocation from net earnings for fiscal year 1998 that had been held for years pursuant to the CFC Board of Directors policy. We expect to return the authorized patronage capital retirement amount of million to members in cash in the second quarter of fiscal year 2024. The remaining portion of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2023 will be retained by CFC for years pursuant to the guidelines adopted by the CFC Board of Directors in June 2009. 
 
 In May 2022, the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of million of net earnings for fiscal year 2022 to the cooperative educational fund. In July 2022 the CFC Board of Directors authorized the allocation of net earnings for fiscal year 2022 as follows: million to members in the form of patronage capital and million to the members capital reserve. In July 2022, the CFC Board of Directors also authorized the retirement of allocated net earnings totaling million, of which million represented of the patronage capital allocation for fiscal year 2022 and million represented the portion of the allocation from net earnings for fiscal year 1997 that had been held for years pursuant to the CFC Board of Directors policy. The authorized patronage capital retirement amount of million was returned to members in cash in September 2022. The remaining portion of the amount allocated for fiscal year 2022 will be retained by CFC for years under current guidelines adopted by the CFC Board of Directors in June 2009. 
 
 Future allocations and retirements of net earnings may be made annually as determined by the CFC Board of Directors with due regard for its financial condition. The CFC Board of Directors has the authority to change the current practice for allocating and retiring net earnings at any time, subject to applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 CFC s total equity includes noncontrolling interests, which consist of of the equity of NCSC and RTFC, as the members of NCSC and RTFC own or control of the interests in their respective companies. NCSC and RTFC also allocate annual net earnings, subject to approval by the board of directors for each company. The allocation of net earnings by NCSC and RTFC to members or board-approved reserves does not affect noncontrolling interests; however, the cash 

131 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of net income to a cooperative educational fund. Funds from the cooperative educational fund are disbursed annually to fund the teaching of cooperative principles and for other cooperative education programs. An allocation to the general reserve is made, if necessary, to maintain the balance of the general reserve at of the membership fees collected. The remainder is allocated to borrowers in proportion to their patronage. RTFC retires at least of its annual allocation, if any, to members in cash prior to filing the applicable tax return. Any additional amounts are retired as determined by the RTFC Board of Directors, taking into consideration RTFC s financial condition. 
 
 Allocation of Net Earnings NCSC 
 
 NCSC s bylaws require that it allocate at least of its net earnings to a cooperative educational fund and an amount to the general reserve required to maintain the general reserve balance at of membership fees collected. Funds from the cooperative educational fund are disbursed annually to fund the teaching of cooperative principles and for other cooperative education programs. 
 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 ) ) ) Changes in unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Realized (gains) losses reclassified to earnings ) ) ) ) Ending balance ) ) 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Of the derivative gains reclassified to earnings, a portion is reclassified as a component of the derivative gains (losses) line item and the remainder is reclassified as a component of the interest expense line item on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 (2) Reclassified to earnings as a component of the other non-interest expense line item presented on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 We expect to reclassify reali zed net gains of million attributa ble to derivative cash flow hedges from AOCI into earnings over the next 12 months. 

132 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of service. Under this plan, participating employees are entitled to receive annually, under a joint and surviving spouse annuity, of the average of their highest base salaries during their participation in the plan, multiplied by the number of years of participation in the plan. 
 
 The risks of participating in the multiple-employer plan are different from the risks of single-employer plans due to the following characteristics of the plan: 
 
 Assets contributed to the multiple-employer plan by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. 
 If a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. 
 If CFC chooses to stop participating in the plan, CFC may be required to pay a withdrawal liability representing an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan. 
 
 Because of the current funding status of the Retirement Security Plan, it is not subject to a certified zone status determination under the Pension Protection Act of 2006 PPA ). Based on the PPA target and PPA actuarial value of the pl an assets, it was more than funded as of January 1, 2023, 2022 and 2021. We made contributions to the Retirement Security Plan of million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In each of these years, our contribution represented less than of total contributions made to the plan by all participating employers. Our contribution did not include a surcharge. CFC s expense is limited to the annual premium to participate in the Retirement Security Plan. Because it is a multiple-employer plan, there is no funding liability for CFC for the plan. There were no funding improvement plans, rehabilitation plans implemented or pending, and no required minimum contributions. There are no collective bargaining agreements in place that cover CFC s employees. 
 
 Executive Benefit Restoration Plan 
 
 We adopted a supplemental top-hat Executive Benefit Restoration EBR Plan, effective January 1, 2015. The EBR Plan is a nonqualified, unfunded plan maintained by CFC to provide retirement benefits to a select group of executive officers whose compensation exceeds Internal Revenue Service limits for qualified defined benefit plans. There is a risk of forfeiture if participants leave the company prior to becoming fully vested in the EBR Plan. This plan included and participants as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 We recognized net periodic pension expense for this plan of approximately million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The unfunded projected benefit obligation of this plan, which is included on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other liabilities, was million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. CFC made contributions to the plan of million, million and million in fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for lump-sum settlement payments to fully vested participants of million, million and million in each respective year. Unrecognized pension costs recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income were million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. We expect to amortize less than million of the unrecognized pension costs as a component of our net periodic pension benefit expense in fiscal year 2024. 

133 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in both fiscal years 2023 and 2022, and a combined settlement and curtailment loss of approximately million in fiscal year 2021. The curtailment and settlement losses are recorded as a component of non-interest expense on our consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Defined Contribution Plan 
 
 CFC offers a 401(k) defined contribution savings program, the 401(k) Pension Plan, to all employees who have completed a minimum of hours of service in either the first consecutive months or first full calendar year of employment. We contribute an amount up to of an employee s salary each year for all employees participating in the program with a minimum employee contribution. We contributed approximately million to the plan in each of fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Letters of credit (2)(3) 
 Other guarantees Total Member class: CFC: Distribution Power supply Statewide and associate (4) 
 CFC total NCSC Total 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Represents the outstanding principal amount of long-term variable-rate guaranteed bonds. 
 (2) Reflects our maximum potential exposure for letters of credit. 
 (3) Under a hybrid letter of credit facility we had million of commitments that may be used for the issuance of letters of credit as of May 31, 2023. 
 million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

134 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. Gu arantees under which our right of recovery from our members was not secured totaled million and million and represented and of total guarantees as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We were not required to perform pursuant to any of our guarantee obligations during fiscal years 2023 or 2022. 
 
 Long-term tax-exempt bonds of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, consist of adjustable or variable-rate bonds that may be converted to a fixed rate as specified in the applicable indenture for each bond offering. We are unable to determine the maximum amount of interest that we may be required to pay related to the remaining adjustable and variable-rate bonds. Many of these bonds have a call provision that allows us to call the bond in the event of a default, which would limit our exposure to future interest payments on these bonds. Our maximum potential exposure generally is secured by mortgage liens on the members assets and future revenue. If a member s debt is accelerated because of a determination that the interest thereon is not tax-exempt, the member s obligation to reimburse us for any guarantee payments will be treated a s a long-term loan. The maturities for long-term tax-exempt bonds and the related guarantees extend through calendar year 2037 . 
 
 Of the outstanding letters of credit of million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, million and million were secured as of each respective date. The maturities for the outstanding letters of credit as of May 31, 2023 extend through calenda r yea r 2043 . 
 
 In addition to the letters of credit listed in the table above, under master letter of credit facilities in place as of May 31, 2023, we may be required to issue up to an additional million in letters of credit to third parties for the benefit of our members. All of our master letter of credit facilities were subject to material adverse change clauses at the time of issuance as of May 31, 2023. Prior to issuing a letter of credit, we would confirm that there has been no material adverse change in the business or condition, financial or otherwise, of the borrower since the time the master letter of credit facility was approved and confirm that the borrower is currently in compliance with the terms and conditions of the agreement governing the facility. 
 
 The maximum potential exposure for other guarantees was million and million as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, of which million was secured as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. The maturities for these other guarantees listed in the table above extend through calendar year 2025. 
 
 In addition to the guarantees described above, we were also the liquidity provide r for million of variable-rate tax-exempt bonds as of May 31, 2023, issued for our member cooperatives. While the bonds are in variable-rate mode, in return for a fee, we have unconditionally agreed to purchase bonds tendered or put for redemption if the rem arketing agents are unable to sell such bonds to other investors. We were t required to perform as liquidity provider pursuant to these obligations during fiscal years 2023, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 Guarantee Liability 
 
 We recorded a total guarantee liability for noncontingent and contingent exposures related to guarantees and liquidity obligations of million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022. The noncontingent guarantee liability, which pertains to our obligation to stand ready to perform over the term of our guarantees and liquidity obligations we have entered into or modified since January 1, 2003, and accounts for the substantial majority of our guarantee liability, totaled million as of both May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The remaining amount pertains to our contingent guarantee exposures. 

135 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

136 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted cash Equity securities, at fair value Debt securities trading, at fair value Deferred compensation investments Loans to members, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Total financial assets Liabilities: Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable Guarantee liability Derivative liabilities Subordinated deferrable debt Members subordinated certificates Total financial liabilities 

137 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Restricted cash Equity securities, at fair value Debt securities trading, at fair value Deferred compensation investments Loans to members, net Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets Total financial assets Liabilities: Short-term borrowings Long-term debt Accrued interest payable Guarantee liability Derivative liabilities Subordinated deferrable debt Members subordinated certificates Total financial liabilities 
 
 Loans to Members, Net 
 
 Because of the interest rate repricing options we provide to borrowers on loan advances and other characteristics of our loans, there is no ready market from which to obtain fair value quotes or observable inputs for similar loans. As a result, we are unable to use the exit price to estimate the fair value of loans to members. We therefore estimate fair value for fixed-rate loans by discounting the expected future cash flows based on the current rate at which we would make a similar new loan for the same remaining maturity to a borrower. The assumed maturity date used in estimating the fair value of loans with a fixed rate for a selected rate term is the next repricing date because at the repricing date, the loan will reprice at the current market rate. The carrying value of our variable-rate loans adjusted for credit risk approximates fair value since variable-rate loans are eligible to be reset at least monthly. 
 
 The fair value of loans with different risk characteristics, specifically nonperforming and restructured loans, is estimated using collateral valuations or by adjusting cash flows for credit risk and discounting those cash flows using the current rates at which similar loans would be made by us to borrowers for the same remaining maturities. The fair value of loans held for sale is determined based on the cost, which approximates the fair value, as we sell these loans at par value, concurrently or within a short period of time with the closing of the loan or participation agreement. See below for information on how we estimate the fair value of certain individually evaluated loans. 

138 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 t have any assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Table 14.2: Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 May 31, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Total Level 1 Level 2 Total Assets: Equity securities, at fair value Debt securities trading, at fair value Deferred compensation investments Derivative assets Liabilities: Derivative liabilities 
 
 Below is a description of the valuation techniques we use to estimate fair value of our financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the significant inputs used in those techniques, if applicable, and the classification within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 Our investments in equity securities consist of investments in Farmer Mac Class A common stock and Series C preferred stock. These securities are reported at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets. We determine the fair value based on quoted prices on the stock exchange where the stock is traded. That stock exchange with respect to Farmer Mac Class A common stock is an active market based on the volume of shares transacted. Because quoted market prices are the key input in deriving fair value for these securities, the valuation methodology is classified as Level 1. 
 
 Debt Securities Trading 
 
 As discussed above in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies our debt securities consist of investments in certificates of deposit with maturities greater than 90 days, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, municipality debt securities, commercial MBS, foreign government debt securities and other ABS and were classified as trading as of May 31, 2023. Management estimates the fair value of our debt securities utilizing the assistance of third-party pricing services. Methodologies employed, controls relied upon and inputs used by third-party pricing vendors are subject to management review when such services are provided. This review may consist of, in part, obtaining and evaluating control reports issued and pricing methodology materials distributed. We review the pricing methodologies provided by the vendors in order to determine if observable market information is being used to determine the fair value versus unobservable inputs. Investment securities traded in secondary markets are typically valued using unadjusted vendor prices. These investment securities, which include those measured using unadjusted vendor prices, are generally classified as Level 2 because the valuation 

139 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NCSC director. NCSC members elect directors to the NCSC board based on vote for each member. NCSC is a Class C member of CFC. All loans that require RTFC board approval also require approval by CFC for funding under RTFC s credit facilities with CFC. CFC is not a member of RTFC and does not elect directors to the RTFC board. RTFC is a nonvoting associate of CFC. RTFC members elect directors to the RTFC board based on vote for each member. 

140 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Other assets Total assets Liabilities: Total liabilities 
 
 Outstanding commitments: Borrowings payable to CFC (1) 
 Credit enhancements: CFC third-party guarantees Other credit enhancements Total credit enhancements (2) 
 Total outstanding commitments CFC credit commitments available (3) 
 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Intercompany borrowings payable by NCSC and RTFC to CFC are eliminated in consolidation. 
 (2) Excludes interest due on these instruments. 
 (3) Represents total CFC credit commitments less outstanding commitments as of each period-end. 
 
 million revolving line of credit and a million revolving term loan from CFC, which mature in 2067. Under a loan and security agreement with CFC, RTFC has access to a million revolving line of credit and a million revolving term loan from CFC, which mature in 2067. CFC loans to NCSC and RTFC are secured by all assets and revenue of NCSC and RTFC. CFC s maximum potential exposure, including interest due, for the credit enhancements totaled million. The maturities for obligations guaranteed by CFC extend through 2031. 

141 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

operating segments, which are based on each of the legal entities included in our consolidated financial statements: CFC, NCSC and RTFC. We report segment information for CFC separately; however, we aggregate segment information for NCSC and RTFC into one reportable segment because neither entity meets the quantitative materiality threshold for separate reporting under the accounting guidance governing segment reporting. 

Segment Results and Reconciliation 

142 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Derivative cash settlements interest income (expense) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) ) Net interest income ) Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses ) Non-interest income: Fee and other income ) Derivative gains: Derivative cash settlements interest income Derivative forward value gains Derivative gains Investment securities losses ) ) ) Total non-interest income ) Non-interest expense: General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Losses on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) May 31, 2023 CFC NCSC and RTFC Segments Total Reclasses and Adjustments (1) 
 Intersegment Eliminations (2) 
 Consolidated Total Assets: Total loans outstanding ) Deferred loan origination costs Loans to members ) Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) Loans to members, net ) Other assets ) Total assets ) 

143 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Derivative cash settlements interest expense ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Net interest income Benefit for credit losses ) Net interest income after benefit for credit losses ) Non-interest income: Fee and other income ) Derivative gains: Derivative cash settlements interest expense ) ) Derivative forward value gains Derivative gains Investment securities losses ) ) ) Total non-interest income ) ) ) Non-interest expense: General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Losses on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) May 31, 2022 CFC NCSC and RTFC Segments Total Reclasses and Adjustments (1) 
 Intersegment Eliminations (2) 
 Consolidated Total Assets: Total loans outstanding ) Deferred loan origination costs Loans to members ) Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) ) ) Loans to members, net ) Other assets ) Total assets ) 

144 

Ta ble of Co ntents 

NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Derivative cash settlements interest expense ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Fee and other income ) Derivative gains: Derivative cash settlements interest expense ) ) Derivative forward value gains Derivative gains Investment securities gains Total non-interest income ) Non-interest expense: General and administrative expenses ) ) ) ) Losses on early extinguishment of debt ) ) ) Other non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Total non-interest expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Consists of (i) the reclassification of net periodic derivative settlement interest expense amounts, which we report as a component of interest expense for business segment reporting purposes but is included in derivatives gains (losses) in our consolidated total results and (ii) derivative forward value gains and losses, which we exclude from our business segment results but is included in derivatives gains (losses) in our consolidated total results. 
 (2) Consists of intercompany borrowings payable by NCSC and RTFC to CFC and the interest related to those borrowings, management fees paid by NCSC and RTFC to CFC and other intercompany amounts, all of which are eliminated in consolidation. 

145 

Table of Co n tents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Senior management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. At the end of the period covered by this Report, based on this evaluation process, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation we, our or us is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed under the supervision of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets; 
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of ours are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; 
 (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or dispositions of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements; and 
 (iv) ensure disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including but not limited to the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Our management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 2013 Framework ). 
 
 Based on management s assessment and those criteria, management believes that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023. 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that permit us to furnish only management s report with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

146 

Table of Co n tents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

By: /s/ J. ANDREW DON By: /s/ YU LING WANG J. Andrew Don Yu Ling Wang Chief Executive Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer August 2, 2023 August 2, 2023 By: /s/ PANKAJ SHAH Pankaj Shah Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) August 2, 2023 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

147 

Table of Co n tents 

 PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 (a) Directors Name Age Director Since Date Present Term Expires David E. Felkel (President of CFC) 62 2018 2024 G. Anthony Norton (Vice President of CFC) 71 2019 2025 Mark A. Suggs (Secretary-Treasurer of CFC) 66 2020 2026 Charles A. Abel II 54 2022 2025 Anthony A. Anderson (1) 
 61 2021 2024 Thomas A. Bailey 80 2019 2025 Donnie Bidegain (2) 
 45 2023 2026 Jared Echternach 51 2021 2024 Darick Eisenbraun (2) 
 31 2023 2026 Timothy Eldridge 65 2021 2024 Bruce Anthony Everhart (4) 
 67 2022 2026 Dennis Fulk 71 2019 2025 Barbara E. Hampton 61 2019 2025 William Keith Hayward 58 2020 2026 Michael Heinen 60 2021 2024 Bradley P. Janorschke 58 2019 2025 Anthony Larson 49 2020 2026 Shane Larson 60 2022 2025 Joseph D. Martin (1) 
 73 2023 2026 Brent McRae 63 2021 2024 John Metcalf 58 2021 2024 Kendall Montgomery 59 2020 2025 Jeffrey Allen Rehder 56 2020 2024 Marsha L. Thompson (3) 
 68 2017 2023 Bruce A. Vitosh (3) 
 62 2017 2023 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Pursuant to CFC s bylaws, NRECA determines the method of director election and length of term for the seat occupied by this director. 
 (2) Director seated on June 19, 2023. 
 (3) Director s term ended on June 19, 2023. 
 (4) Elected in September 2022 and seated in October 2022 to fill a vacant seat. Director s first full three-year term began June 19, 2023. 
 
 Under CFC s bylaws, the board of directors shall be composed of the following individuals: 
 20 directors, which must include one general manager and one director of a member system from each of 10 districts (but no more than one director from each state except in a district where only one state has members); 
 two directors designated by NRECA; and 
 if the board determines at its discretion that an at-large director shall be elected, one at-large director who satisfies the requirements of an audit committee financial expert as defined by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is a trustee, director, manager, chief executive officer or chief financial officer of a member. 
 
 The 20 district-level directors are each elected by a vote of the members within the district for which the director serves. The at-large director who satisfies the requirements of an audit committee financial expert is elected by the vote of all members. All CFC directors, other than the two directors designated by NRECA, are elected for a three-year term and can serve a 
 148 

Table of Co n tents 

 maximum of two consecutive terms. Each CFC member (other than associates) is entitled to one vote with respect to elections of directors in their districts. 
 
 (b) Executive Officers Title Name Age Held Present 
 Office Since (1) 
 President and Director David E. Felkel 62 2023 Vice President and Director G. Anthony Norton 71 2023 Secretary-Treasurer and Director Mark A. Suggs 66 2023 Chief Executive Officer J. Andrew Don 63 2021 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Yu Ling Wang 48 2021 Senior Vice President and Chief Banking Officer Joel Allen 57 2014 Senior Vice President and General Counsel Nathan Howard 47 2022 Senior Vice President and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer Brad L. Captain 53 2014 Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Gholam M. Saleh 51 2022 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Gary Bradbury 52 2022 Senior Vice President, Relationship Management Jill Maison 58 2023 Senior Vice President, Strategic Services Mark Snowden (2) 
 48 2022 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Refers to fiscal year. 
 (2) Until March 31, 2023. 
 
 The President, Vice President and Secretary-Treasurer are elected annually by the board of directors at its first organizational meeting immediately following CFC s annual membership meeting, each to serve a term of one year; the Chief Executive Officer serves at the pleasure of the board of directors; and the other Executive Officers serve at the pleasure of the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 (c) Identification of Certain Significant Employees 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 (d) Family Relationships 
 
 No family relationship exists between any director or executive officer and any other director or executive officer of the registrant. 
 
 (e) (1) and (2) Business Experience and Directorships 
 
 Following is biographical information about the business experience for each member of the CFC Board of Directors and executive officers. 
 
 Directors 
 
 Mr. Felkel has been president and CEO of Edisto Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Bamberg, South Carolina, since 1997. He has been a trustee on the Board of Trustees of Central Electric Power Cooperative since 1997. As the president and CEO of Edisto Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Felkel has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Felkel has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Norton has served as a director of Snapping Shoals Electric Membership Corporation in Covington, Georgia, since 1993. Mr. Norton has also served as a director at Georgia Electric Membership Corporation in Tucker, Georgia, since 2009 and Georgia System Operations Corporation in Tucker, Georgia, since 2012. Mr. Norton owned and operated Conyers 
 149 

Table of Co n tents 

 Pharmacy in Conyers, Georgia, from 1982 to 2018. As a director of Snapping Shoals Electric Membership Corporation, Mr. Norton has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Norton has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Suggs has served as executive vice president and general manager of Pitt Greene Electric Membership Corporation in Farmville, North Carolina, since September 1983. Mr. Suggs has served as a director of North Carolina Electric Membership Corporation in Raleigh, North Carolina, since 1984 and served as its president from 2015 to 2017. He has also served as a director of North Carolina Association of Electric Cooperatives in Raleigh, North Carolina, since 1984 and served as its president from 2010 to 2011. Additionally, Mr. Suggs has served as a director of Tarheel Electric Membership Association in Raleigh, North Carolina, since 1984. As executive vice president and general manager of Pitt Greene Electric Membership Corporation, Mr. Suggs has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Suggs has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Abel has served as a director of Sangre de Cristo Electric Association in Buena Vista, Colorado, since June 2015, has variously served as treasurer or secretary since November 2015 and currently serves as treasurer of the board. He serves as a director of Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association in Westminster, Colorado, since April 2019 and currently serves on the Executive Committee, the Finance Audit Committee, the Policy Review Committee and the Land Water Committee. Additionally, Mr. Abel served as director of Western United Electric Supply from April 2017 through April 2019. In addition to being a self-employed Certified Public Accountant, Mr. Abel was employed by High Country Bank as a commercial loan officer from May 2019 through October 2020. Prior to May 2019, he was a majority equity owner and managing principal for Abel Eggleston, CPAs, LLC since 2008. As a director of Sangre de Cristo Electric Association, Mr. Abel has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Abel has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Anderson has served as the general manager of Cherryland Electric Cooperative in Grawn, Michigan, from 2003 to 2023, as he retired from Cherryland Electric Cooperative in June 2023. Additionally, Mr. Anderson has served as a director of NRECA in Arlington, Virginia, since 2008 and has been its president since March 8, 2023. He has also served as director of the Michigan Electric Cooperative Association in Lansing, Michigan, since 2003. As the general manager of Cherryland Electric Cooperative, Mr. Anderson has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Anderson has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Bailey has served as a director of Vermont Electric Cooperative in Johnson, Vermont, since January 2004. From 2006 to 2015, Mr. Bailey served as board president of Vermont Electric Cooperative. He has operated a real estate investment business since 2009. As a director of Vermont Electric Cooperative, Mr. Bailey has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Bailey has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Bidegain has served as a director of Farmers Electric Cooperative, Inc. of New Mexico in Clovis, New Mexico, since January 2009. Mr. Bidegain has served as a director of Western Farmers Electric Cooperative since 2013 and as its board president since 2021. He is a partner of T4 Cattle Company, LLC since 1996. Mr. Bidegain has owned and managed Bidegain Farms, LLC since 2003 and managed Sunny State Products, Inc. since 2022. As a director of Farmers Electric Cooperative, Inc. of New Mexico, Mr. Bidegain has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Bidegain has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Echternach has been president and CEO of Beltrami Electric Cooperative Inc. in Bemidji, Minnesota, since 2016, and a director of Cooperative Development, LLC, its subsidiary, since 2016. He also served as CEO of North Itasca Electric Cooperative Inc. in Big Fork, Minnesota, from 2012 to 2016. Mr. Echternach has also served as president and director of the Greater Bemidji Economic Development Corporation in Bemidji, Minnesota, since 2016, and as a director of Security Bank USA in Bemidji, Minnesota, since 2020. As the president and CEO of Beltrami Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Echternach 
 150 

Table of Co n tents 

 has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Echternach has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Eisenbraun has been chief executive officer of High Plains Power, Inc. in Riverton, Wyoming, since 2021. He also served as chief financial officer of Butte Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Newell, South Dakota, from 2015 to 2020. Mr. Eisenbraun has also served as a director of the City of Spearfish Municipal Airport Board from 2018 to 2020, and as the vice president of the City of Spearfish City Council from 2019 to 2020. As the CEO of High Plains Power, Inc., Mr. Eisenbraun has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Eisenbraun has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Eldridge has served as a director of Fleming-Mason Energy Cooperative, Inc. in Flemingsburg, Kentucky, since 2000, and as a director of East Kentucky Power Cooperative, Inc. in Winchester, Kentucky, since 2014. Mr. Eldridge has also been Audit Committee chairman of Fleming-Mason Energy since 2014. He has served as a director of Citizens Bank located in Morehead, Kentucky, since 2013 and served as its Audit Committee chairman throughout that time. Since 2015, Mr. Eldridge has been a member-owner and Certified Public Accountant at Baldwin CPAs, PLLC in Flemingsburg, Kentucky. He has held his Kentucky CPA license since 1986. As a director of Fleming-Mason Energy Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Eldridge has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Eldridge has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Everhart has served as a director of RushShelby Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Manilla, Indiana, since July 2017. Mr. Everhart has also served on the Finance Committee of RushShelby Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc. since July 2021. He has served as a Finance Committee member of the Indiana State Fair Commission, Hereford Legacy Fund and the Hereford Youth Foundation. Mr. Everhart was a vice president of Wells Fargo Bank from 1988 until 2018. As a director of RushShelby Energy Rural Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Everhart has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Everhart has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Fulk has served as a director of Platte-Clay Electric Cooperative in Kearney, Missouri, since 1993, including serving as board president from 2000 to 2015. He served as a director of NW Electric Power Cooperative from 2004 until April 2019, serving as board vice president from 2011 to April 2019. Mr. Fulk also served as a director of the Association of Missouri Electric Cooperatives from 2000 until 2015, serving as board president from 2010 to 2011. As a director of Platte-Clay Electric Cooperative, Mr. Fulk has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Fulk has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mrs. Hampton currently serves as the president and CEO of Georgia Transmission Corporation in Tucker, Georgia, a position she began in January 2021. She served as the senior vice president and CFO of the organization from 2005 until moving to the CEO role. Mrs. Hampton has been a Certified Public Accountant since 1990. As president and CEO of Georgia Transmission Corporation, Mrs. Hampton has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mrs. Hampton has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. We believe Mrs. Hampton s experience with accounting principles, financial reporting rules and regulations and evaluating financial results makes her qualified to serve as an audit committee financial expert as defined by Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and as the chairperson of CFC s Audit Committee. 
 
 Mr. Hayward has served as the general manager and CEO of North East Mississippi Electric Power Association in Oxford, Mississippi, since February 2014. From July 2004 to January 2014, he served as its manager of Engineering and Operations. Mr. Hayward has also served as a director of SEDC, a software cooperative in Atlanta, Georgia, since 2014. As the general manager and CEO of North East Mississippi Electric Power Association, Mr. Hayward has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Hayward has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 151 

Table of Co n tents 

 Mr. Heinen has been general manager and CEO of Jefferson Davis Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Jennings, Louisiana, since 1999. He has also served as a director of the Association of Louisiana Electric Cooperatives in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, since 1999. As the general manager of Jefferson Davis Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Heinen has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Heinen has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Janorschke has been the general manager at Homer Electric Association, Inc. in Homer, Alaska, since 2004. He has also been the general manager of Alaska Electric and Energy Cooperative in Homer, Alaska, since 2004. Mr. Janorschke has also served on the Board of Trustees of the Northwest Public Power Association in Vancouver, Washington, since 2014. As the general manager of Homer Electric Association, Inc., Mr. Janorschke has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Janorschke has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Anthony Larson has served as a director of Slope Electric Cooperative, Inc. in New England, North Dakota, since June 2010, and as a director of Upper Missouri Power Cooperative in Sidney, Montana, since April 2020. Mr. Larson has served as an advisory board member of Dakotas America since September 2017, a director of Innovative Energy Alliance since January 2019 and a director of Maintenance Solutions Cooperative since January 2019, each of which provides services to electric cooperatives. In addition to being a self-employed rancher since 1986, Mr. Larson was an ambulatory care officer at West River Health Services from August 2016 to September 2019, and an agricultural banker at Dacotah Bank from October 2012 to January 2015. As a director of Slope Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Larson has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Larson has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Shane Larson has served as the CEO of Rock Energy Cooperative in Janesville, Wisconsin, since August 2000. From 2013 to 2022, Mr. Larson served as a director of Federated Rural Electric Insurance Exchange in Shawnee, Kansas. He has also served as a director of Charge EV, LLC in Wisconsin, since 2021 and as its vice chairman in 2021. Mr. Larson served as a director of Wisconsin s Managers Association from 2006 to 2008 and as its president in 2008. He was also a board member of Empower Energy from 2003 until 2004. As the CEO of Rock Energy Cooperative, Mr. Larson has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Larson has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Martin has served as a director of Mountain View Electric Association in Limon, Colorado, since 1988 and its board president since 1994. Mr. Martin has also served as a director of the NRECA Board of Directors since 2014, and has served as NRECA vice president since March 8, 2023. As a director of Mountain View Electric Association and NRECA, Mr. Martin has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Martin has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. McRae has served as a director of McCone Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Circle, Montana, since 2009. He also served as an alternate director of Central Montana Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. in Great Falls, Montana, from March 2018 to March 2021. Mr. McRae has served as a director of the Montana Electric Cooperatives Association, Inc. in Great Falls, Montana, since 2011 and served as its board president from October 2013 until October 2021. He has been a self-employed rancher since 1989. As a director of McCone Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. McRae has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. McRae has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Metcalf has been president and CEO of Mid-Ohio Energy Cooperative Inc. in Kenton, Ohio, since 2003. He has also served as a director and vice chairman of Buckeye Power Inc. in Columbus, Ohio, since 2003, and has served on its Audit Committee since 2016. As the president and CEO of Mid-Ohio Energy Cooperative Inc., Mr. Metcalf has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Metcalf has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 152 

Table of Co n tents 

 Mr. Montgomery has been general manager and CEO of Fort Belknap Electric Cooperative, Inc. in Olney, Texas, since August 2003. Additionally, Mr. Montgomery has been CEO of Fort Belknap Services Corporation, since August 2003, and CEO of Link Field Services, Inc. since August 2003, each subsidiaries of Fort Belknap Electric Cooperative, Inc. Mr. Montgomery has been an alternate director of Brazos Electric Power Cooperative, Inc. in Waco, Texas, since August 2003. He has also been a Certified Public Accountant since 1988. As the general manager and CEO of Fort Belknap Electric Cooperative, Inc., Mr. Montgomery has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Montgomery has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Rehder has served as a director of North West Rural Electric Cooperative in Orange City, Iowa, since 2005, and has served as its board president since 2012. He has served as a director of Rivers Edge Bank, in Marion, South Dakota, since 2007. Since 2007, he has also served as a director of First State Associates, a bank holding company in Hawarden, Iowa, and has served as its chairman since 2012. Since 2010, he has served as president of Rehder Farms Inc. and director of 3R Feedlots Inc. in Hawarden, Iowa. As a director of North West Rural Electric Cooperative, Mr. Rehder has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Rehder has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mrs. Thompson has served as a director of Trico Electric Cooperative in Marana, Arizona, since 2001, and has served as vice president of its board since 2019. Mrs. Thompson also serves as a member of Trico Electric Cooperative s Audit and Finance Committee and served as its chair from 2013 until 2015. Additionally, Mrs. Thompson has been a director of Grand Canyon State Electric Cooperative Association since 2002 and served as its board president from 2008 to 2010. As vice president of the board and a director of Trico Electric Cooperative, Mrs. Thompson has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mrs. Thompson has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Mr. Vitosh has been general manager and CEO of Norris Public Power District in Beatrice, Nebraska, since 2012. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Vitosh was the manager of finance and accounting at Norris Public Power District. Mr. Vitosh is a CPA and is a member of the Nebraska Society of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Vitosh has also been a self-employed farmer since 2004. As general manager and CEO of Norris Public Power District, Mr. Vitosh has acquired extensive experience with and knowledge of the rural electric cooperative industry and, therefore, we believe Mr. Vitosh has the qualifications, skills and experience necessary to act in the best interests of CFC and to serve as a director on the CFC board. 
 
 Executive Officers 
 
 Mr. Don joined CFC in September 1999 as Director of Loan Syndications and became Vice President of Capital Market Relations in June 2005. In June 2010, Mr. Don was named CFC s Senior Vice President and Treasurer, and on July 1, 2013, he became Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Effective May 3, 2021, Mr. Don assumed the position of Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining CFC, he held the position of Vice President and Manager of the Washington, D.C. Office for The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi. Mr. Don started his banking career with the Bank of Montreal in New York in 1984 and subsequently was a Vice President for Corporate Banking for The Bank of New York from 1987 to 1990. 
 
 Ms. Wang joined CFC in 1999. During her tenure, Ms. Wang has held various positions within the Company s finance department. Ms. Wang was named Vice President, Capital Markets in June 2017 after having served as Vice President, Capital Markets Relations since June 2012. Effective May 3, 2021, Ms. Wang became Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 Mr. Allen joined CFC in 1990. Throughout his career with CFC, Mr. Allen has held various positions. He served as a Director, Portfolio Management through 2010 and as Vice President, Portfolio Management from 2010 until April 2014, when he became Senior Vice President, Member Services. Effective February 1, 2023, Mr. Allen was named Senior Vice President and Chief Banking Officer. 

153 

Table of Co n tents 

 Mr. Howard joined CFC in 2014 as Corporate Counsel in the Legal Services Group. He became Senior Corporate Counsel in 2015 and Assistant General Counsel in December 2020. Effective April 25, 2022, Mr. Howard became Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Prior to joining CFC, Mr. Howard spent over 10 years as an associate at three large law firms in New York and Washington, D.C. and three years as in-house counsel, including serving as Vice President and General Counsel for Greentech Automotive, a start-up electric vehicle manufacturer, from June 2011 to February 2013. 
 
 Mr. Captain joined CFC in 1999. He served as Vice President, Government Relations until 2010 when he became Vice President, Corporate Communications. In January 2014, Mr. Captain served as Vice President, Corporate Relations until April 2014 when he became Senior Vice President, Corporate Relations. Effective June 1, 2021, Mr. Captain became Senior Vice President and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer. Prior to joining CFC, he worked as a Special Assistant to the Undersecretary of Rural Development at the U.S. Department of Agriculture. 
 
 Mr. Saleh first joined CFC in August 1997 in the Treasury and Finance Group. He became the Director of Risk Management before leaving in November 2005 to pursue a career as Director of Asset-Liability Management at CapitalSource Inc., followed by an appointment as Director and Financial Industry Fellow at the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in Washington, D.C., in October 2009. Mr. Saleh went abroad in December 2010 to focus on international banking examination, financial industry regulation and domestic and regional financial stability prior to returning to CFC in September 2016 as Vice President of Financial Risk Management. Effective June 1, 2021, Mr. Saleh was named Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer. 
 
 Mr. Bradbury joined CFC in May 2001. He served as Vice President, Internal Audit until June 2021, when he became Senior Vice President, Corporate Services. Effective August 1, 2022, Mr. Bradbury was named Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to working at CFC, Mr. Bradbury was an Internal Audit Services Manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers from June 1998 to May 2001. 
 
 Mrs. Maison joined CFC in 2005 as an Associate Vice President. She held various positions in Credit Risk Management and G T Lending from 2005 to June 2015. In June 2015, she became Regional Vice President, G T until becoming Director, G T Relationship Management in January 2019. From June 2021 until January 2023 she served as Vice President, G T. On January 3, 2023, she was promoted to Senior Vice President, Relationship Management. 
 
 Mr. Snowden joined CFC in April 2022 as Senior Vice President, Strategic Services. Prior to working at CFC, Mr. Snowden served as CEO of Cimarron Electric Cooperative in Kingfisher, Oklahoma, since 2009. He began his career with the cooperative in 1998 in the Member Services department. Mr. Snowden served as a director on the Oklahoma Association of Electric Cooperatives board from 2009 to 2022, where he chaired the Legislative Committee. In addition, he was a member of the Oklahoma Association of Electric Cooperatives Managers Association, where he served as a past chairman. From 2009 to 2022, he served as an alternate director on the board of Western Farmers Electric Cooperative, and was an active member of the Western Farmers Electric Cooperative Managers Group, serving as a past chairman. Mr. Snowden departed CFC on March 31, 2023. 
 
 (f) Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 
 
 None to our knowledge. 
 
 (g) Promoters and Control Persons 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 (h) Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K. This Code of Ethics applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This Code of Ethics is publicly available on our website at www.nrucfc.coop (under the link Investor Relations/Corporate Governance ). 
 
 154 

Table of Co n tents 

 (i) Nominating Committee 
 
 Our board of directors does not have a standing nominating committee. As described above under Item 10(a) Directors, 20 of our directors are each elected by members in the district for which the director serves. To nominate director candidates, at the district meeting before the meeting at which candidates are to be elected from such district, a nominating committee is elected composed of one person from each state within the district. Each member of these nominating committees must be a trustee, director or manager of one of our members. Each district nominating committee then submits the names of two or more nominees for each position in the district for which an election is to be held. We provide members of nominating committees with director guidelines to use in reviewing applications from potential candidates. One or more candidates for the at-large director position who satisfies the requirements of an audit committee financial expert are nominated by our board of directors if the board determines that it is appropriate to fill the seat. Our board of directors believes that it is appropriate for the full board of directors to nominate this director because of the position s specific qualification requirements and the lack of any local district qualification requirement. 
 
 While we do not have a formal policy regarding diversity, the director guidelines we provide to each district nominating committee specify that a variety of perspectives, opinions and backgrounds is critical to the board s ability to perform its duties and various roles. We recognize the value of having a board that encompasses a broad range of skills, expertise, industry knowledge and diversity of professional and personal experience. 
 
 (j) Audit Committee 
 
 Our Audit Committee currently consists of twelve directors: Mrs. Hampton (Chairperson), Mr. Montgomery (Vice Chairperson), Mr. Felkel (Ex Officio), Mr. Abel, Mr. Eldridge, Mr. Everhart, Mr. Fulk, Mr. Janorschke, Mr. Anthony Larson, Mr. Shane Larson, Mr. Martin and Mr. Suggs. Mrs. Hampton was designated by the board as an audit committee financial expert as defined by Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The members of the Audit Committee are independent as that term is defined in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act. Among other things, the Audit Committee reviews our financial statements and the disclosure under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Audit Committee meets with our independent registered public accounting firm, internal auditors, CEO and financial management executives to review the scope and results of audits and recommendations made by those persons with respect to internal and external accounting controls and specific accounting and financial reporting issues and to assess corporate risk. The board has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee that may be found on our website, www.nrucfc.coop (under the link Investor Relations/Corporate Governance ). 
 
 The Audit Committee completed its review and discussions with management regarding our audited financial statements for the year ended May 31, 2023. The Audit Committee has discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 1301, and received from the independent accountants written disclosures and the letter from the independent accountant required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent accountant s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and discussed with the accountants their independence. 
 
 Based on the review and discussions noted above, the Audit Committee recommended to the board that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 for filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 (k) Compensation Committee 
 
 Role of the Compensation Committee 
 
 Our Compensation Committee currently consists of seven directors: Mr. Eldridge, Mr. Felkel, Mrs. Hampton, Mr. Hayward, Mr. McRae, Mr. Norton and Mr. Suggs. The Compensation Committee of the board of directors reviews and makes appropriate recommendations to the full board of directors regarding CFC s total compensation philosophy and pay components, including, but not limited to, base and incentive pay programs. The Compensation Committee is also responsible for approving the compensation, employment agreements and perquisites for the CEO. The Compensation Committee annually reviews all approved corporate goals and objectives relevant to compensation, evaluates performance in 
 155 

Table of Co n tents 

 light of those goals and approves the CEO s compensation based on this evaluation, all of which is then submitted to the full board of directors for ratification. The Compensation Committee has delegated authority to the CEO for evaluating the performance and approving the annual base compensation for all of the other named executive officers as identified in the Summary Compensation Table below. Other than the CEO, no other named executive officer makes decisions regarding executive compensation. 
 
 The Compensation Committee reports to the board of directors on its actions and recommendations following committee meetings and meets in executive session without members of management present when making specific compensation decisions. Although the board has delegated authority to the Compensation Committee with respect to CFC s executive and general employee compensation programs and practices, the full board of directors also reviews and ratifies CFC s compensation and benefit programs each year. 
 
 The Compensation Committee s charter can be found on our website at www.nrucfc.coop (under the link Investor Relations/Corporate Governance ). 
 
 The Compensation Committee s Processes 
 
 The Compensation Committee has established a process to assist in ensuring that CFC s executive compensation program is achieving its objectives. Prior to the start of each fiscal year, the board of directors approves performance measures for the Corporate Balanced Scorecard, which is the basis for the annual incentive plan. The Compensation Committee reviews and assesses the accomplishment of goals as of the end of the fiscal year and determines whether to authorize the payment of incentive compensation. This authorization is then submitted to the full board of directors for ratification. 
 
 The CFC Board of Directors is provided an opportunity to rate the CEO s performance and provide feedback on competencies to include strategy, people, external stakeholders and leadership. The President, Vice President and Secretary-Treasurer of the board of directors meet annually with the CEO to review his performance based on the board assessment as well as individual achievements, contribution to CFC s performance and other leadership accomplishments. In determining the CEO s base pay, the Compensation Committee subjectively considers the results of the board performance assessment as well as a variety of corporate performance measures, including financial metrics, portfolio management, customer satisfaction and market share, industry leadership, and peer group compensation data provided by the compensation consultant, as discussed below. 
 
 Role of Compensation Consultant 
 
 In fiscal year 2023, the Compensation Committee hired Mercer (US) Inc. Mercer US to advise it on the CEO s compensation as compared with the compensation of CEOs of peer group organizations. Through discussions with the Compensation Committee, Mercer US established a peer group of companies to use in assessing the competitiveness of the CEO s compensation (see Compensation Analysis in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section below). Mercer US advised the Compensation Committee through an assessment of compensation data from this peer group using a one-year compensation analysis, which assesses CFC s CEO compensation and the compensation of peer CEOs for the most recent fiscal year. The elements of compensation reviewed include current base pay, target and actual annual incentives, actual long-term incentive granted as well as long-term incentive payouts, and total direct compensation. Mercer US did not determine or provide the Compensation Committee with a specific recommendation on any component of executive compensation; it only reviewed benchmark data and discussed what is generally occurring with executive compensation. During fiscal year 2023, Mercer US provided the Company services with respect to general compensation data and benefit administration. The decision to engage Mercer US was made by management and approved by the Compensation Committee. The aggregate fees paid to Mercer US for executive compensation services to the Compensation Committee during fiscal year 2023 were 125,095. 
 
 In fiscal year 2023, the Compensation Committee conducted an evaluation of Mercer US independence considering the relevant regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange, and concluded that the services performed by Mercer US raised no conflicts of interest. The Company does not believe that such additional services impair Mercer s ability to provide independent advice to the Compensation Committee or otherwise present a conflict of interest. 
 
 156 

Table of Co n tents 

 Role of Executive Officers 
 
 As described above, the Compensation Committee has delegated the authority for making base pay decisions for the other named executive officers to the CEO. The CEO exercises his judgment to set base pay rates, based on general market data, overall corporate performance and leadership accomplishments. For additional information about the CEO s role in compensation decisions, see Base Pay under the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section below. 
 
 (l) Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 (m) Board Leadership Structure and Role of Risk Oversight by the Board of Directors 
 
 Board Leadership Structure 
 
 The positions of CEO and president of the CFC Board of Directors are held by two separate individuals. The president must be a member of the board of directors and is elected annually by the board of directors. The president of the CFC Board of Directors has authority, among other things, to appoint members of the board to standing committees, to appoint a vice chairperson to each board standing committee and to appoint members to ad-hoc board committees. The president of the board presides over board meetings, sets meeting agendas and determines materials to be distributed to the board. Accordingly, the board president has substantial ability to influence the direction of the board. CFC believes that separation of the positions of board president and CEO reinforces the independence of the board in its oversight of CFC s business and affairs. CFC also believes that this leadership structure is appropriate in light of the cooperative nature of the organization. The board of directors appoints the CEO. The CEO is not a member of the board of directors. If the CEO position becomes vacant, the board of directors will appoint an interim CEO who will exercise the responsibilities of the CEO until a permanent CEO is selected by the board of directors. 
 
 Board Role in Risk Oversight 
 
 The board of directors has responsibility for the oversight and strategic direction of CFC s Enterprise Risk Management ERM framework. The board of directors has adopted a comprehensive risk-management policy that describes the roles and responsibilities of the board and management within an established framework for identifying and managing risks. The board of directors reviews the risk-management policy annually and updates it accordingly. The board of directors has also developed a risk-management philosophy, which is periodically assessed and, if appropriate, updated. It states CFC s set of shared beliefs and attitudes on how risk is considered from strategy development and implementation to our operations. 
 
 The board of directors policy sets forth the primary objectives of CFC s ERM, which are to implement a process by which all important risks are identified, measured, assessed, managed and monitored in a comprehensive and effective manner; and to categorically group, inventory, analyze and oversee all relevant risks by way of a structured reporting and analytics framework for the board of directors and senior management. 
 
 The ERM framework is intended to provide a holistic view of key risks that may impact CFC s strategic objectives. ERM provides CFC with a process that allows CFC to become more anticipatory and effective at evaluating and managing uncertainties, objectively and proactively. The ERM process is focused on categorically measuring and assessing key risks across three broad groupings of risk, namely credit risk; financial risk; and operational risk. The process of assessing key risks is performed quarterly and within the context of CFC s strategic objectives, mission, values, culture, conservative risk-management philosophy and established risk guidelines. The framework provides a consistent approach for identifying CFC s key risks and determining appropriate responses in light of the board of directors strategic objectives. 
 
 The board of directors periodically reviews important trends and emerging developments across key risks as assessed, measured and evaluated by management. The Chief Risk Officer is primarily accountable for the execution of the ERM responsibilities in accordance with established risk limits and guidelines where applicable and as established by corresponding risk owners and in alignment with the risk philosophy of the board of directors. Additionally, management is responsible for periodically evaluating the ERM framework, making regular reports to the board of directors about its 
 157 

Table of Co n tents 

 evaluation of the ERM framework, and proposing to the board of directors changes to the ERM process to reflect financial industry best practice. 
 
 In fulfilling its risk-management oversight duties, the board of directors receives periodic reports on business activities and risk-management activities from management, including but not limited to detailed risk assessment of (i) credit risk including an analysis of CFC s loan portfolio, counterparty credit risk exposure (e.g., derivatives counterparties) and the corporate investment portfolio; (ii) financial risk including an analysis of liquidity and funding risk, capital management and leverage, financial performance and interest rate risk; and (iii) operational risk with an analysis of cybersecurity, business operations and information technology, compliance, reputational and talent management. The periodic reports to the board of directors from management also include reports from various operating groups (e.g., Member Relations, Treasury Operations, Internal Audit, Information Technology and Legal Services), and committees across the organization (e.g., Corporate Credit Committee, Asset Liability Committee, Investment Management Committee and the Disclosure Committee). Management provides reports to the board of directors at each regularly scheduled board meeting, and more frequently as requested by the board of directors, relating to, among other things, the ongoing progress of managing risk at CFC given the ERM framework, management s responses for the critical business risks identified during the risk assessment process and the status of any gaps or deficiencies, and CFC s risk profile and trends, as well as emerging risks and opportunities. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 
 Executive Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 
 
 The components of our compensation package for the named executive officers (consisting of Mr. Don, Ms. Wang, Mr. Allen, Mr. Captain and Mr. Saleh) are consistent with those offered to all employees. 
 
 Our executive compensation program provides a balanced mix of compensation that incorporates the following key components: 
 annual base pay; 
 an annual cash incentive that is based on the combination of achievement of short-term (one-year) corporate goals and individual performance; 
 a legacy three-year cash incentive that is based on the achievement of long-term corporate goals; and 
 retirement, health and welfare and other benefit programs. 
 
 While all elements of executive compensation work together to provide a competitive compensation package, each element of compensation is determined independently of the other elements. 
 
 Our compensation philosophy is to provide a total compensation package for employees base pay, annual incentive and benefits that is competitive in the local employment market. However, due to the cooperative nature of the organization, CFC does not meet the total cash compensation levels of named executive officers of other financial services organizations since we do not offer stock or other equity compensation. It is important to CFC, however, to pay the named executive officers of CFC competitively in base pay to retain key talent. 
 
 Performance Named executive officers receive base pay that is both market competitive and reflective of their role in developing, implementing and overseeing CFC s strategy and operations. The annual incentive component of compensation reflects both the performance of the organization and its success in achieving corporate performance metrics established by the board of directors and the executive officer s individual performance. 
 
 Retention CFC s success is due in large part to the relationship between our employees and our members. This makes the retention of employees, including the named executive officers, vital to our business and long-term success. The compensation package, particularly the annual incentive plan s vesting component and the retirement benefits, assist in the retention of a highly qualified management team. 
 
 158 

Table of Co n tents 

 Compensation Analysis 
 
 In fiscal year 2023, Mercer US was engaged by the Compensation Committee to conduct a survey to provide compensation data for the CEO position using 13 peer organizations identified by Mercer US through discussions with the Compensation Committee. Mercer US included companies in the peer group that were similar to CFC in asset size, industry and business description. The peer group included financial institutions that are private market, commercial and/or mission-driven lenders, offering full-service financing, investment and related services. The companies targeted as peer companies included two members of the Farm Credit System and 11 regional banks and financial services companies. After reviewing the activity of the peer group of the prior year, New York Community Bancorp, Inc, Flagstar Bancorp, Inc. and People s United Financial, Inc. were removed from the peer group based on asset size or mergers and acquisitions activity. 
 
 The peer group companies had assets ranging from approximately 50 to 200 of CFC s November 30, 2022 total assets of 33.0 billion. The peer group consisted of financial services organizations Nelnet, Inc.; Webster Financial Corporation; Hancock Whitney Corporation; Onemain Holdings, Inc.; BankUnited, Inc.; Synovus Financial Corporation; TFS Financial Corporation; Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation; Commerce Bancshares, Inc.; Rocket Companies, Inc.; and SLM Corporation as well as two Farm Credit System peers. 
 
 Mercer US led the Compensation Committee through an assessment of CEO compensation data for the peer group companies. Mercer US data included both actual compensation and target compensation based on information obtained from each peer group company s most recent annual report or proxy statement. 
 
 The elements of compensation reviewed include: 
 current base salary; 
 target and actual annual incentive paid in fiscal year 2022; 
 actual long-term incentive granted, which includes restricted stock awards (valued at face value on the date of grant), stock option awards (valued at grant date utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model), other long-term incentive target awards (valued at target value on date of award) and cash long-term incentive payouts (valued at actual payout on date of award if target value is not disclosed); 
 sign-on awards, special awards and mega-grants annualized over the term of the employment contract or the vesting schedule; and 
 annualized value of retirement, perquisites and other noncash compensation. 
 
 The Compensation Committee reviewed total compensation data for the peer group for informational purposes and used this data solely to determine the competitiveness of our CEO base pay. 
 
 In determining the base compensation paid to our other named executive officers, the CEO reviewed national, credible third-party compensation surveys (including the Mercer US Executive and CompAnalyst surveys) for financial services and other organizations of similar asset size as CFC in order to obtain a general understanding of current compensation practices and to ensure that the base pay component of compensation for the named executive officers other than the CEO is competitive with such institutions. CFC has often recruited non-CEO talent from industries outside the financial services sector. As a result, the CEO considers data from surveys covering a larger and broader group of for-profit companies in setting compensation for the other named executive officers than the Compensation Committee considers in setting compensation for the CEO. The CEO considered the data to gain a general understanding of current compensation practices at institutions of similar asset size to CFC; he did not review or consider underlying data pertaining to individual organizations comprising any of the survey groups. Instead, the CEO considered the aggregate compensation data to enhance his understanding of current practices in setting compensation at competitive levels. 
 
 Elements of Compensation 
 
 Base Pay Our philosophy is to provide annual base pay that reflects the value of the job in the marketplace, as well as employee experience, skills and tenure within a salary range. To attract and retain a highly skilled workforce, we must remain competitive with the pay of other employers that compete with us for talent. 
 
 After reviewing the performance of the organization and the evaluation of the CEO s performance by each board member, it was the assessment of the Compensation Committee that the CEO and the organization performed extremely well during 
 159 

Table of Co n tents 

 this business year. In fact, the business results met or exceeded company targets for many key metrics of performance, and the CEO continued to demonstrate outstanding leadership. Therefore, in recognition of his strong performance and leadership, the Committee increased the CEO s base pay to 1,161,000 effective June 1, 2023. 
 
 As discussed under Compensation Analysis above, Mr. Don, in his capacity as the CEO, exercised his judgment to set the annual base pay for the other named executive officers based on general market data, overall company performance and individual leadership accomplishments. 
 
 Mr. Don determined that Ms. Wang, Mr. Allen, Mr. Captain and Mr. Saleh all performed well in their various roles as senior leaders of the organization. They each contributed to the achievement of corporate strategies and objectives in a positive and meaningful way. Ms. Wang and Mr. Saleh received merit increases to their base pay and Mr. Allen, Mr. Captain, and Mr. Saleh each received a one-time cash bonus. The increases and bonus are included in the total compensation table below. 
 
 Annual Incentive Our annual cash incentive program for fiscal year 2023 is a one-year cash incentive that is tied to the annual performance of the organization as well as individual performance. We believe that by paying an incentive tied to the achievement of annual operating goals as well as individual performance, all employees, including named executive officers, will focus their efforts on the most important strategic objectives that will help us fulfill our mission to our members and our obligations to the financial markets while also exhibiting high levels of performance. Additionally, the annual incentive pay enhances our ability to provide competitive compensation while at the same time tying total compensation paid to the achievement of corporate goals. Every employee participates in the annual incentive program, and the corporate strategic goals are the same for all employees, including the named executive officers. 
 
 The annual incentive program provides maximum annual cash incentive opportunities based upon the level of the position within our base pay structure, ranging from 26 to 40 of base pay. Named executive officers are eligible to receive annual cash incentive compensation up to 40 of their base pay and are subject to a two-year vesting schedule for 20 of their achievement. The individual performance component of the plan is determined by the employee's performance rating, which is weighted between 0 -100 , and the level of their position within our base pay structure, which ranges between 20 -80 of the total annual incentive payout. 
 
 Our approach to establishing corporate goals for annual incentive compensation has not changed since the plan s inception. Corporate performance is measured using a balanced scorecard approved by the board of directors prior to the start of the fiscal year. The balanced scorecard is a performance management tool that articulates the corporate strategy into specific, quantifiable and measurable goals. The goals have always been tied to enhancing service to our member-owners while ensuring all aspects of the business are effectively managed. 
 
 The scorecard is divided into four quadrants, reflecting crucial areas of business performance. Specific goals are established within those quadrants to focus all employees on the target results and measures that must be achieved if we are to succeed at realizing our strategic plan. The intent is to align organizational, departmental and individual initiatives to achieve a common set of goals. 
 
 The four quadrants for fiscal year 2023, which were the basis for the annual short-term incentive payment, were Member Portfolios; Financial Ratios; Internal Process; and Employee Engagement. For fiscal year 2023, the board of directors established five corporate goals within these four quadrants. The board of directors establishes corporate goals and measures they believe are challenging but achievable if each individual performs well in their role and we meet our internal business plan goals. 
 
 The goals for fiscal year 2023 were: 
 
 Member Portfolio Management: Two goals supporting expansion of member participation in CFC loan products and maintaining or increasing market share of borrowers in key segments of the loan portfolio. 
 Financial Ratio : One goal supporting efforts to meet or exceed established financial targets to maintain CFC s financial strength. 
 Internal Process and Operations : One goal focused on managing CFC s operating expense levels. 
 160 

Table of Co n tents 

 Employee Engagement : One goal focused on engaging and educating employees about the organization s purpose, products and services. 
 
 The determination of the extent to which the four goals were achieved and, therefore, the amount to be paid out under the annual incentive plan for fiscal year 2023 was confirmed by the board of directors in July 2023. The board determined that all five goals were achieved at 100 . Each goal carries a different weight varying between 10 and 30 , resulting in an aggregate payout of 100 of the total opportunity. CFC has a 10-year average payout of 17.52 of base salaries for all employees across both our legacy short-term incentive plan and the new annual incentive plan. The average payout of base salaries for all employees in the new fiscal year 2023 annual incentive plan is 27.22 . 
 
 Long-Term Incentive The legacy long-term incentive program was a three-year plan tied to CFC s long-term strategic objectives. The long-term incentive program was implemented to create dynamic tension between short-term objectives and long-term goals. It served as a retention tool, helping us to keep key employees, and supports CFC s efforts to compensate its employees at market-competitive levels. 
 
 All individuals employed by CFC on the first day of fiscal year 2022, June 1, are participants in the remaining plan for the performance period beginning on that date. Under the long-term incentive program, performance units covering a three-year performance period were issued to each employee at the start of the fiscal year. The remaining long-term incentive is paid out in quarterly payments after the end of each fiscal quarter, subject to the employment status (or retirement, disability or death) of the participant by CFC on the date of payment. We sometimes refer to the three-year performance period as a plan cycle. 
 
 The performance measure for the remaining long-term incentive plan is the achievement of bond rating targets for our issuer credit ratings as rated by S P Global Inc., Fitch Ratings Inc. and Moody s Investors Service rating agencies, as outlined in the plan document. The number of performance units awarded to each employee for each plan cycle is calculated by dividing a percentage, ranging from 15 to 25 , of the participant s base pay for the first fiscal year of the plan cycle by the payout value assigned to the target rating level. 
 
 As of June 1, 2023, there was one remaining long-term incentive plan in which named executive officers were participants. Coinciding with the implementation of the new annual incentive plan effective June 1, 2022, payout values for the performance units issued to all named executive officers in fiscal year 2022 were frozen at 20 per performance unit. This plan will pay out on a quarterly basis during the fiscal year in which they were originally eligible to pay out. The long-term incentive plan program ended effective May 31, 2022 and was replaced by the vesting component of the new annual incentive plan. 
 
 Although we sunsetted the long-term incentive plan program effective May 31, 2022, we still believe that incorporating CFC s issuer credit rating into performance measurement is important, so we instituted a payout contingency for our fiscal year 2024 annual incentive plan. The corporate portion of the fiscal year 2024 incentive payout contingency would be capped at 50 for the named executive officers in the event that CFC s long-term unsecured credit rating is below an A rating (or equivalent) for two or more of the credit rating agencies at May 31, 2024. 
 
 Risk Assessment 
 
 The Compensation Committee conducts an annual risk assessment of the company s compensation policies and practices, particularly annual incentive plan goals, to ensure that the policies and practices do not encourage excessive risk. For fiscal year 2023 the Compensation Committee concluded that our compensation policies and practices are not reasonably likely to provide incentives for behavior that could have a material adverse effect on the company. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 An important retention tool is our defined benefit pension plan, the Retirement Security Plan. CFC participates in a multiple-employer pension plan managed by NRECA. We balance the effectiveness of this plan as a compensation and retention tool 
 161 

Table of Co n tents 

 with the cost of the annual premium incurred to participate in this pension plan. The value of the pension benefit is determined by base pay only and does not include other cash compensation. 
 
 We also have an Executive Benefit Restoration Plan EBR ). The EBR is a plan for a select group of management, to increase their retirement benefits above amounts available under the Retirement Security Plan, which is restricted by Internal Revenue Service IRS limitations on annual pay levels and maximum annual annuity benefits. The EBR restores the value of the Retirement Security Plan for named executive officers to the level it would be if the IRS limits on annual pay and annual annuity benefits were not in place. Unlike the Retirement Security Plan, the EBR is an unfunded, unsecured obligation of CFC and is not qualified for tax purposes. Five of the named executive officers are participants in the EBR. 
 
 Under the EBR, we pay any amounts owed to the named executive officers for the restoration benefit once the risk of forfeiture has expired; amounts will be paid directly by CFC. We record an unfunded pension obligation and an offsetting adjustment to AOCI for this liability. 
 
 For more information on the Retirement Security Plan and the EBR, see Pension Benefits Table below. 
 
 As an additional retention tool designed to assist named executive officers in deferring compensation for use in retirement, each named executive officer is also eligible to participate in CFC s nonqualified 457(b) deferred compensation savings plan. Contributions to this plan are limited by IRS regulations. The calendar year 2023 cap for contributions is 22,500. There is no CFC contribution to the deferred compensation plan. For more information see Nonqualified Deferred Compensation below. 
 
 Other Compensation 
 
 We provide named executive officers with other benefits, as reflected in the All Other Compensation column in the Summary Compensation Table below, that we believe are reasonable and consistent with our compensation philosophy. We do not provide significant perquisites or personal benefits to the named executive officers. 
 
 The Compensation Committee considers perquisites for the CEO in connection with its annual review of the CEO s total compensation package described above. The perquisites provided to Mr. Don are limited to an annual automobile allowance and an annual spousal air travel allowance to permit Mr. Don s spouse to accompany him on business travel. To provide the automobile and spousal travel perquisites in an efficient fashion, the board of directors authorizes an annual allowance rather than providing unlimited reimbursement or use of a company-owned vehicle. The amount of each allowance is authorized annually by the board of directors and is determined based on the estimated cost for operation and maintenance of an automobile and the anticipated cost of air travel by the CEO s spouse. For fiscal year 2023, the board of directors authorized an aggregate of 50,000 to cover these two allowances. 
 
 Severance/Change-in-Control Agreements 
 
 Mr. Don has an executive agreement with CFC under which he may continue to receive compensation and benefits in certain circumstances after resignation or termination of employment. The value of his severance package was determined to be appropriate for a CEO and approved by the Compensation Committee as part of his employment contract. No other named executive officers have termination or change-in-control agreements. For more information on these severance arrangements, see Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements below. 
 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 
 The Compensation Committee of the board of directors oversees CFC s compensation program on behalf of the board. In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the Compensation Committee reviewed and discussed with management the Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this review and discussion, the Compensation Committee recommended to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Form 10-K. 
 
 162 

Table of Co n tents 

 Submitted by the Compensation Committee: 
 Tim Eldridge 
 David E. Felkel 
 Barbara E. Hampton 
 William Keith Hayward 
 Brent McRae 
 G. Anthony Norton 
 Mark A. Suggs 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The summary compensation table below sets forth the aggregate compensation for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 earned by the named executive officers. 
 Name and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation (2) 
 Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings (3) 
 All Other 
 Compensation (4) 
 Total J. Andrew Don 2023 1,080,000 371,760 420,554 59,100 1,931,414 Chief Executive 2022 1,000,000 274,680 938,523 33,580 2,246,783 Officer 2021 560,166 156,500 624,196 8,241 1,349,103 Yu Ling Wang 2023 440,000 154,200 7,933 602,133 Senior Vice President 2022 400,000 112,700 122,940 11,263 646,903 and Chief Financial 2021 278,285 66,150 272,437 8,033 624,905 Officer Joel Allen 2023 462,000 23,000 168,840 8,600 662,440 Senior Vice President 2022 462,000 135,300 262,385 8,983 868,668 and Chief Banking 2021 420,000 117,750 709,253 8,400 1,255,403 Officer Brad Captain 2023 426,000 25,000 148,044 6,100 605,144 Senior Vice President 2022 426,000 124,000 226,343 6,258 782,601 and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer Gholam M. Saleh 2023 395,000 10,000 140,040 6,183 551,223 Senior Vice President 2022 385,000 109,570 71,783 10,485 576,838 and Chief Risk Officer 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Includes amounts given as one-time cash awards in lieu of or in addition to base pay increases. Details for 2023 can be found in Elements of Compensation in Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. 
 (2) Includes amounts earned during each respective fiscal year and payable as of May 31 under the long-term and annual incentive plans. For a discussion of the long-term and annual incentive plans, see Elements of Compensation in Compensation Discussion and Analysis above. The amounts earned by each named executive officer under these incentive plans are listed above. 
 (3) Represents the aggregate change in the actuarial present value of the accumulated pension benefit under NRECA Retirement Security Plan, the multiple-employer defined benefit pension plan in which CFC participates, during each respective fiscal year as calculated by NRECA. Ms. Wang had a negative change in pension value of 357,787, Mr. Captain had a negative change of 492,657, Mr. Allen had a negative change of 760,347, and Mr. Saleh had a negative change of 71,884. 
 (4) For Mr. Don for fiscal year 2023, includes perquisites comprising Mr. Don s automobile allowance and his spousal air travel allowance. The annual automobile allowance is calculated based on estimated costs associated with maintenance, use and insurance of a personal automobile. The annual 
 163 

Table of Co n tents 

 spousal travel allowance is calculated based on the anticipated air travel for Miss Nickodem (Mr. Don s spouse) during the fiscal year. The remaining amounts included in this column represent CFC contributions on behalf of each named executive officer pursuant to the CFC 401(k) defined contribution plan and contributions to health savings accounts. 

The following chart has the amounts paid to each named executive officer under the annual and long-term incentive plans in 2023 and short-term and long-term incentive plans for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Name Year Annual Incentive Plan (1) 
 Annual Incentive Vested Portion (2) 
 Short-Term 
 Incentive Plan (3) 
 Long-Term Incentive Plan J. Andrew Don 2023 345,600 86,400 26,160 2022 250,000 24,680 2021 133,000 23,500 Yu Ling Wang 
 2023 140,800 35,200 13,400 2022 100,000 12,700 2021 54,150 12,000 Joel Allen 2023 147,800 36,960 21,000 2022 115,500 19,800 2021 99,750 18,000 Brad Captain 2023 129,504 32,376 18,540 2022 106,500 17,500 Gholam M. Saleh 2023 126,400 31,600 13,640 2022 96,250 13,320 
 (1) Includes amounts equal to 80 of the total opportunity achieved and paid within the fiscal year earned. 
 (2) Includes amounts equal to 20 of the total opportunity achieved and will be paid two years following the end of the fiscal year in which it was earned. 
 (3) The last short-term incentive plan payout was May 31, 2022. 
 
 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 
 We have a long-term and an annual incentive plan for all employees, under which the named executive officers may receive a cash incentive up to 25 and 40 of salary, respectively. The incentive payouts are based on the executive officer s salary for the fiscal year in which the program becomes effective. See the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above for further information on these incentive plans. 
 
 The following table contains the estimated possible payouts under annual incentive plan and possible future payouts for grants issued under our long-term incentive plan during the year ended May 31, 2023. 
 164 

Table of Co n tents 

 Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards Name Grant Date Target Maximum Estimated Actual (1) 
 J. Andrew Don Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 June 1, 2021 250,000 375,000 50,000 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 
 334,800 432,000 432,000 Yu Ling Wang Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 June 1, 2021 100,000 150,000 20,000 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 
 136,400 176,000 176,000 Joel Allen Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 June 1, 2021 115,500 173,250 23,100 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 
 143,220 184,800 184,800 Brad Captain Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 June 1, 2021 106,500 159,750 21,300 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 
 132,060 170,400 161,880 Gholam M. Saleh Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 June 1, 2021 96,300 144,450 19,260 Annual Incentive Plan (2) 
 122,450 158,000 158,000 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Target payouts for the long-term incentive plan are calculated using unit values of 100 based on our goal of achieving an average long-term senior secured credit rating of A+ stable as of the end of the respective fiscal years. The fiscal year 2021 long-term incentive plan was frozen at a unit value of 20 and will be paid out at that value in fiscal year 2024. Estimated actual payouts are calculated based on this value. See the Compensation Discussion and Analysis above for further information on this incentive plans. 
 (2) Target and maximum payouts represent 31 and 40 of February 28, 2023 base salary. For the payout earned under the fiscal year 2023 annual incentive plan, see the Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation column of the Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 Employment Contracts 
 
 Pursuant to an employment agreement executed on March 20, 2021, CFC employs Mr. Don as Chief Executive Officer effective May 3, 2021 until May 31, 2024 unless extended as provided by the terms of the contract or unless otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. The Agreement provides that CFC shall pay Mr. Don a base salary at an annual rate of not less than 1,000,000 per annum plus such incentive payments (if any) as may be awarded him. In addition, pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Don is entitled to certain payments in the event of his termination other than for cause (e.g., Mr. Don leaving for good reason, disability or termination due to death). See Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements below for a description of these provisions and for information on these amounts. 
 
 Pension Benefits Table 
 
 CFC is a participant in a multiple-employer defined benefit pension plan, the Retirement Security Plan, which is administered by NRECA. Since this plan is a multiple-employer plan in which CFC participates, CFC is not liable for the amounts shown in the table below and such amounts are not reflected in CFC s audited financial statements. CFC s expense is limited to the annual premium to participate in the Retirement Security Plan. There is no funding liability for CFC for this plan. 
 
 The Retirement Security Plan is a qualified plan in which all employees are eligible to participate upon completion of one year of service. Each of the named executive officers participates in the qualified pension plan component of the Retirement Security Plan. Under the current pension plan, participants are entitled to receive annually, under a 50 joint and surviving spouse annuity, 1.70 of the average of their five highest base salaries during their participation in the Retirement Security Plan, multiplied by the number of years of participation in the plan. The value of the pension benefit is determined by base pay only and does not include other cash compensation. Normal retirement age under the qualified pension plan is age 65; however, the plan does allow for early retirement with reduced benefits beginning at age 55. For early retirement, the 
 165 

Table of Co n tents 

 pension benefit will be reduced by 1/15 for each of the first five years and 1/30 for each of the next five years by which the elected early retirement date precedes the normal retirement date. CFC reduced the value of the pension plan effective September 1, 2010. Benefits accrued prior to September 1, 2010, are based on a benefit level of 1.90 of the average of their five highest base salaries during their participation in the Retirement Security Plan and a normal retirement age of 62. 
 
 CFC also offers an EBR. Five of the named executive officers participate in the EBR. The purpose of this plan is to increase the retirement benefits above amounts available under the Retirement Security Plan, which is restricted by IRS limitations on annual pay levels and maximum annual annuity benefits. The EBR restores the value of the Retirement Security Plan for the participating officers to the level it would be if the IRS limits on annual pay and annual annuity benefits were not in place. 
 
 The benefit and payout formula under these restoration plans is similar to that under the qualified Retirement Security Plan. Two of the named executive officers have reached their vesting date in accordance with provisions of the EBR plan. As a result, they no longer have a risk of forfeiture of the benefit under the EBR plan. Distributions are made from these plans to those named executive officers annually. The details of theses distributions are shown in the Pension Benefits table below. 
 
 The following table contains the years of service, the present value of the accumulated benefit for the named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table as of May 31, 2023, as calculated by NRECA and distributions from the plans for the fiscal year then ended. 
 Name Plan Name Number of Years 
 of Credited Service (1) 
 Present Value of 
 Accumulated Benefit (2) 
 Payments During Last 
 Fiscal Year (3) 
 J. Andrew Don NRECA Retirement Security Plan 22.66 2,437,654 837,265 Yu Ling Wang NRECA Retirement Security Plan 21.66 880,690 Joel Allen NRECA Retirement Security Plan 31.66 2,874,136 Brad Captain NRECA Retirement Security Plan 23.33 1,433,667 Gholam M. Saleh NRECA Retirement Security Plan 6.75 243,886 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) CFC is a participant in a multiple-employer pension plan. Credited years of service, therefore, includes not only years of service with CFC, but also years of service with another cooperative participant in the multiple-employer pension plan. All named executive officers have credited years of service only with CFC. 
 (2) Amount represents the actuarial present value of the named executive officer s accumulated benefit under this plan as of May 31, 2023, as provided by the plan administrator, NRECA, using interest rates ranging from 1.94 to 3.09 per annum and mortality according to tables prescribed by the IRS as published in Revenue Rulings 2001-62 and 2007-67. 
 (3) Distributions during fiscal year 2023 were as a result of named executive officers no longer being at risk of forfeiture with respect to these amounts provided under the EBR plan for Mr. Don. Ms. Wang, Mr. Allen, Mr. Captain and Mr. Saleh continue to have a risk of forfeiture of the benefits under the EBR; therefore, no payments have been made. 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
 
 The CFC deferred compensation plan is a nonqualified deferred compensation savings program for the senior executive group, including each of the named executive officers, and other select management or highly compensated employees designated by CFC. Participants may elect to defer up to the lesser of 100 of their compensation for the year or the applicable IRS statutory dollar limit in effect for that calendar year. The calendar year 2023 cap for contributions is 22,500. During the three plan years immediately prior to the date a participant attains normal retirement age, participants may be eligible for a statutory catch-up provision that allows them to defer more than the annual contribution limit. Compensation for the purpose of this plan is defined as the total amount of compensation, including incentive pay, if any, paid by CFC. CFC does not make any contributions to this plan. 
 
 166 

Table of Co n tents 

 The accounts are credited with earnings based on the participants selection of available investment options (currently, nine options) within the Homestead Funds. When a participant ceases to be an employee for any reason, distribution of the account will generally be made in 15 substantially equal annual payments beginning approximately 60 days after termination (unless an election is made to change the form and timing of the payout). The participant may elect either a single lump sum or substantially equal annual installments paid over no less than two and no more than 14 years. The amount paid is based on the accumulated value of the account. 
 
 The following table summarizes information related to the nonqualified deferred compensation plan in which the named executive officers listed in the Summary Compensation Table were eligible to participate during fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 
 Name Executive 
 Contributions 
 in Last 
 Fiscal Year (1) 
 Registrant Contributions in Last Fiscal Year Aggregate Earnings in Last Fiscal Year Aggregate Withdrawals/ Distributions Aggregate Balance at Last Fiscal Year-End J. Andrew Don 48,000 9,867 232,236 Yu Ling Wang 568 20,071 Joel Allen Brad Captain 20,400 57,517 1,084,752 Gholam M. Saleh 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Executive contributions are also included in the fiscal year 2023 Salary column in the Summary Compensation Table above. 
 
 Termination of Employment and Change-in-Control Arrangements 
 
 Mr. Don has an executive agreement with CFC under which he may continue to receive base salary and benefits in certain circumstances after resignation or termination of employment. No other named executive officers have termination or change-in-control agreements. 
 
 Mr. Don 
 
 Under the executive agreement with Mr. Don, if CFC terminates his employment without cause or Mr. Don terminates his employment for good reason (each term as defined below), CFC is obligated to pay him, in substantially equal monthly installments over the 12-month period following the termination of employment, an amount equal to the product of two times the sum of (i) his annual base salary at the rate in effect at the time of termination and (ii) the short-term incentive earned if any, for the year prior to the year in which such termination occurs. 
 
 Assuming a triggering event on May 31, 2023, the compensation payable to Mr. Don for termination without cause would be 3,024,000. The actual payments due on a termination without cause on different dates could materially differ from this estimate. 
 
 For purposes of Mr. Don s executive agreement, cause generally means (i) the willful and continued failure by Mr. Don to perform his duties under the agreement or comply with written policies of CFC, (ii) willful conduct materially injurious to CFC or (iii) conviction of a felony involving moral turpitude. Good reason generally means (i) a reduction in the rate of Mr. Don s base salary, (ii) a decrease in his titles, duties or responsibilities, or the assignment of new responsibilities which, in either case, is materially less favorable to Mr. Don when compared with his titles, duties and responsibilities that were in effect immediately prior to such assignment or (iii) the relocation of CFC s principal office or the relocation of Mr. Don to a location more than 50 miles from the principal office of CFC. 
 
 This estimate does not include amounts to which the named executive officer would be entitled to upon termination, such as base salary to date, unpaid bonuses earned, unreimbursed expenses, paid vacation time and any other earned benefits under company plans. 
 
 167 

Table of Co n tents 

 Chief Executive Officer Pay Ratio 
 
 The fiscal year 2023 compensation ratio of the median annual total compensation of all of our employees to the annual total compensation of our Chief Executive Officer is as follows: 
 Category and Ratio Total Compensation Median annual total compensation of all employees (excluding Chief Executive Officer) 149,392 Annual total compensation of J. Andrew Don, Chief Executive Officer 1,931,414 Ratio of the median annual total compensation of all employees to the annual total compensation of J. Andrew Don, Chief Executive Officer 12.93:1.0 
 
 In determining the median employee, a listing was prepared of all active employees of CFC as of March 31, 2023. We did not make any assumptions, adjustments or estimates with respect to total compensation. We did not annualize the compensation for any part-time employees or those who were not employed by us for the full 10-month portion of the fiscal year. We determined the compensation of our median employee by (i) taking the total gross compensation earned fiscal year-to-date for all active employees as of March 31, 2023 and (ii) ranking the total gross compensation of all employees, except the Chief Executive Officer, from lowest to highest. 
 
 After identifying the median employee, we calculated annual total compensation for such employee using the same methodology we use for our named executive officers as set forth in the above Summary Compensation Table. 
 
 Director Compensation Table 
 
 Directors receive an annual fee for their service on the CFC board. Additionally, the directors receive reimbursement for reasonable travel expenses. The fee is paid on a monthly basis and reimbursement for travel expenses is paid following the conclusion of each board meeting. 
 
 Below is a summary of the total compensation earned by each of CFC s directors during fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 
 
 168 

Table of Co n tents 

 Name Total Fees Earned Anthony A. Anderson 60,000 Anthony Larson 60,000 Barbara E. Hampton 65,000 Bradley P. Janorschke 65,000 Brent McRae 60,000 Bruce A. Vitosh 70,000 Bruce Everhart 40,000 Charles Abel II 60,000 Chris D. Christensen 50,000 David E. Felkel 70,000 Dennis Fulk 65,000 G. Anthony Norton 70,000 Jared Echternach 60,000 Jeffrey Allen Rehder 60,000 John Metcalf 60,000 Joseph Martin 15,000 Kendall Montgomery 60,000 Kevin M. Bender 15,000 Mark A. Suggs 65,000 Marsha L. Thompson 60,000 Michael J. Heinen 60,000 Shane L. Larson 60,000 Thomas A. Bailey 60,000 Timothy Eldridge 60,000 William Keith Hayward 60,000 
 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 
 There were no compensation committee interlocks or insider participation related to executive compensation during fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons 
 
 Our board of directors has established a written policy governing related-person transactions. The policy covers transactions between CFC, on the one hand, and its directors, executive officers or key employees and their immediate family members and entities of which any of our directors, executive officers or key employees (i) is an officer, director, trustee, alternative director or trustee or employee, (ii) controls or (iii) has a substantial interest. Under this policy, a related-person transaction is any transaction in excess of 120,000 in which CFC was, is or is proposed to be a direct or indirect participant in which a related person had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest in the transaction. Related-person transactions do not include compensation or expense reimbursement arrangements with directors, officers or key employees (notwithstanding that officer compensation may be disclosed in Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, elsewhere in the CFC s periodic reports filed with the SEC or otherwise disclosed publicly as a related-person transaction), transactions where the related person s interest arises 
 169 

Table of Co n tents 

 only from the person s position as a director of another entity that is a party to the transaction, and transactions deemed to be related credits. Related-person transactions are subject to review by the Executive Committee of the board of directors (excluding any interested director), based on whether the transaction is fair and reasonable to CFC and consistent with the best interests of CFC and its members. 
 
 Related credits are extensions of credit to, or for the benefit of, related persons and entities that are made on substantially the same terms as, and follow underwriting procedures that are no less stringent than, those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions generally offered by CFC. Related credits are not subject to the procedures for transactions with related persons because we were established for the very purpose of extending financing to our members. We, therefore, enter into loan and guarantee transactions with members of which our officers and directors are officers, directors, trustees, alternative directors or trustees, or employees in the ordinary course of our business. All related credits are reviewed from time to time by our internal Corporate Credit Committee, which monitors our extensions of credit, and our independent third-party reviewer, which reviews our credit-extension policies on an annual basis. All loans, including related credits, are approved in accordance with an internal credit approval matrix, with each level of risk or exposure potentially escalating the required approval from our lending staff to management, a credit committee or the board of directors. Related credits of 250,000 or less are generally approved by our lending staff or internal Corporate Credit Committee. Any related credit in excess of 250,000 requires approval by the full board of directors, except that any interested directors may not participate, directly or indirectly, in the credit approval process, and the CEO has the authority to approve emergency lines of credit and certain other loans and lines of credit. Notwithstanding the related-person transaction policy, the CEO will extend such loans and lines of credit in qualifying situations to a member of which a CFC director was a director or officer, provided that all such credits are underwritten in accordance with prevailing standards and terms. Such situations are typically weather related and must meet specific qualifying criteria. To ensure compliance with this policy, no related persons may be present in person or by teleconference while a related credit is being considered. Under no circumstances may we extend credit to a related person or any other person in the form of a personal loan. 
 
 As a cooperative, CFC was established for the very purpose of extending financing to its members, from which our directors must be drawn. Loans and guarantees to member systems of which directors of CFC are officers, directors, trustees, alternative directors or trustees, or employees, are made in the ordinary course of CFC business on the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other members and that do not involve more than normal risk of uncollectibility or present other unfavorable features. It is anticipated that, consistent with its loan and guarantee policies in effect from time to time, additional loans and guarantees will be made by CFC to member systems and trade and service organizations of which directors of CFC or their immediate family members (i) are officers, directors, trustees, alternative directors or trustees or employees, (ii) control or (iii) have a substantial beneficial interest. CFC has adopted a policy whereby substantially all extensions of credit to such entities are approved only by the disinterested directors. 
 
 Related-Person Transactions 
 
 The following table contains the total compensation earned by CFC s executive officers during the year ended May 31, 2023 who are not named executive officers but meet the definition of a related person as described above. Total compensation disclosed below is made up of the same components included in the Summary Compensation Table under Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Name and Principal Position Total Compensation Gary Bradbury Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 518,755 Nathan Howard Senior Vice President and General Counsel 421,880 Mark Snowden 
 Senior Vice President, Strategic Services 394,502 Jill Maison Senior Vice President, Relationship Management 393,613 
 170 

Table of Co n tents 

 Independence Determinations 
 
 The board of directors has determined the independence of each director based on a review by the full board. The Audit Committee is subject to the independence requirements of Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act. To evaluate the independence of our directors, the board has voluntarily adopted categorical independence standards consistent with the New York Stock Exchange NYSE standards. However, because we only list debt securities on the NYSE, we are not subject to most of the corporate governance listing standards of the NYSE, including the independence requirements. 
 
 No director is considered independent unless the board has affirmatively determined that he or she has no material relationship with CFC, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with CFC. Material relationships can include banking, legal, accounting, charitable and familial relationships, among others. In addition, a director is not considered independent if any of the following relationships existed: 
 
 (i) the director is, or has been within the last three years, an employee of CFC or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years, an executive officer of CFC; 
 (ii) the director has received, or has an immediate family member who has received, during any 12-month period within the last three years, more than 120,000 in direct compensation from CFC, other than director and committee fees and pension or other forms of deferred compensation for prior service (provided that such compensation is not contingent in any way on continued service); 
 (iii) (a) the director or an immediate family member is a current partner of a firm that is CFC s internal or external auditor; (b) the director is a current employee of such a firm; (c) the director has an immediate family member who is a current employee of such a firm and personally works on CFC s audit; or (d) the director or an immediate family member was within the last three years (but is no longer) a partner or employee of such a firm and personally worked on CFC s audit within that time; 
 (iv) the director or an immediate family member is, or has been within the last three years, employed as an executive officer of another company where any of CFC s present executive officers at the same time serves or served on that company s compensation committee; or 
 (v) the director is a current employee, or an immediate family member is a current executive officer, of a company that has made payments to, or received payments from, CFC for property or services in an amount which, in any of the last three fiscal years, exceeds the greater of 1 million, or 2 of such other company s consolidated gross revenue. 
 
 The board of directors also reviewed directors responses to a questionnaire asking about their relationships with CFC and its affiliates (and those of their immediate family members) and other potential conflicts of interest. 
 
 Based on the criteria above, the board of directors has determined that the directors listed below are independent for the period of time served by such directors during fiscal year 2023. The board determined that none of the directors listed below had any of the relationships listed in (i) (v) above or any other material relationship that would compromise their independence. 
 Independent Directors Charles A. Abel II Thomas A. Bailey Kevin M. Bender (1) 
 Chris D. Christensen (2) 
 Jared Echternach Timothy Eldridge Bruce Anthony Everhart David E. Felkel Dennis Fulk Barbara E. Hampton Anthony Larson Brent McRae Joseph Martin John Metcalf Kendall Montgomery G. Anthony Norton Jeffrey Allen Rehder Mark A. Suggs Marsha L. Thompson (3) 
 Bruce A. Vitosh (3) 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) This director served during fiscal year 2023; until August 10, 2022. 
 (2) This director served during fiscal year 2023; however, he was no longer a director as of March 2023. 
 (3) This director served during fiscal year 2023; however, he/she was no longer a director as of June 2023. 

171 

Table of Co n tents 

 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 CFC s Audit Committee is solely responsible for the nomination, approval, compensation, evaluation and discharge of the independent public accountants. The independent registered public accountants report directly to the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee is responsible for the resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accountants. Consistent with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission requirements, the Audit Committee has adopted a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accountants, provided such services do not impair the independent public accountant s independence. 
 
 KPMG, LLP was our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. KPMG, LLP has advised the Audit Committee that they are independent accountants with respect to the Company, within the meaning of standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and federal securities laws administered by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The following table displays the aggregate estimated or actual fees for professional services provided by KPMG, LLP in fiscal years 2023 and 2022, including fees for the 2023 and 2022 audits. All services for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee. 
 
 Year Ended May 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2023 2022 Description of fees: Audit fees (1) 
 2,159 1,811 Audit related fees (2) 
 13 12 Tax fees (3) 
 8 27 Total 2,180 1,850 
 ____________________________ 
 (1) Audit fees for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 consist of fees for the quarterly reviews of our interim financial information and the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and fees for the preparation of the stand-alone financial statements for RTFC and NCSC. Audit fees for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 also include comfort letter fees and consents related to debt issuances and compliance work required by the independent auditors. 
 (2) Audit related fees for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 consist of fees for certain agreed-upon procedures. 
 (3) Tax fees consist of assistance with matters related to tax compliance and consulting. 
 172 

Table of Co n tents 

 PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 (a) Financial Statement Schedules The following documents are filed as part of this Report in Part II, Item 8 and are incorporated herein by reference. 1. Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 83 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 86 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 87 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 202 3 and 20 22 
 88 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 89 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 31, 202 3 , 202 2 and 20 21 
 90 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 92 
 2. Schedules None. (b) Exhibits The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or filed herewith. 
 
 173 

Table of Co n tents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2014. 
 3.2 Amended Bylaws as approved by CFC s members on August 14, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on October 15, 2020. 
 4.1 Description of Securities. 
 4.2 Form of Capital Term Certificate. 
 4.3 Indenture dated February 15, 1994, between the Registrant and First Bank National Association as trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on October 15, 2007. 
 4.4 Form of indenture between CFC and Mellon Bank, N.A., as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on November 14, 1995 (Registration No. 33-64231). 
 4.5 Indenture dated as of December 15,1987, between CFC and Chemical Bank, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR filed on November 24, 2008 (Registration No. 333-155631). 
 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture between CFC and Chemical Bank, as Trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on April 5, 1995 (Registration No. 33-58445). 
 4.7 Form of indenture dated May 15, 2000, between the Registrant and Bank One Trust Company, National Association, as trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on May 25, 2000 (Registration No. 333-37940). 
 4.8 First Supplemental Indenture dated March 12, 2007, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR filed on April 19, 2007 (Registration No. 333-142230). 
 4.9 Indenture dated October 25, 2007, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR filed on October 26, 2007 (Registration No. 333-146960). 
 4.10 Indenture dated October 15, 1996, between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as successor trustee. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 28, 1996. 
 10.1 Plan Document for CFC s Deferred Compensation Pension Restoration Plan amended and restated effective January 1, 2015. 
 10.2 Plan Document for CFC s Deferred Compensation Program amended and restated February 1, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-K filed on August 28, 2014. 
 10.3 Plan Document for CFC's Executive Benefit Restoration Plan dated December 9, 2014. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 13, 2015. 
 10.4 Employment Agreement, entered into and effective as of March 10, 2021, between the Company and J. Andrew Don. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed on March 11, 2021. 
 10.5 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan of the Company, effective January 1, 2015. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2014. 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 20, 2022 maturing on November 28, 2025. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 202 3 . 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of October 20, 2022 maturing on November 28, 2026. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 202 3 . 
 10.8 Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated June 14, 2005 for up to 1,000,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to our Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2005. 
 10.9 Series A Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated June 14, 2005 for up to 1,000,000,000 maturing on July 15, 2028. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.15 to our Form 10-K filed on August 24, 2005. 
 10.10 Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated April 28, 2006 for up to 1,500,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to our Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2006. 
 
 174 

Table of Co n tents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.11 Series B Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated April 28, 2006 for up to 1,500,000,000 maturing on July 15, 2029. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to our Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2006. 
 10.12 Series C Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated September 19, 2008 for up to 500,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.29 to our Form 10-Q filed on October 14, 2008. 
 10.13 Series C Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated September 19, 2008 for up to 500,000,000 maturing on October 15, 2031. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to our Form 10-Q filed on October 14, 2008. 
 10.14 Series D Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 10, 2010 for up to 500,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 14, 2011. 
 10.15 Series D Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 10, 2010 for up to 500,000,000 maturing on October 15, 2033. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 14, 2011. 
 10.16 Series E Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of December 1, 2011 for up to 499,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 17, 2012. 
 10.17 Series E Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of December 1, 2011 for up to 499,000,000 maturing on October 15, 2034. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 17, 2012. 
 10.18 Series F Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of December 13, 2012 for up to 424,286,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed in January 14, 2013. 
 10.19 Series F Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of December 13, 2012 for up to 424,286,000 maturing on October 15, 2035. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed in January 14, 2013. 
 10.20 Series G Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 21, 2013 for up to 500,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed in January 13, 2014. 
 10.21 Series G Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 21, 2013 for up to 500,000,000 maturing on October 15, 2036. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed in January 13, 2014. 
 10.22 Series H Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 18, 2014 for up to 250,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 14, 2015. 
 10.23 Series H Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 18, 2014 for up to 250,000,000 maturing on October 15, 2034. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 14, 2015. 
 10.24 Series K Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of March 29, 2016 for up to 250,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 4, 2016. 
 10.25 Series K Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of March 29, 2016 for up to 250,000,000 maturing on January 15, 2039. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 4, 2016. 
 10.26 Series L Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of December 1, 2016 for up to 375,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2017. 
 10.27 Series L Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of December 1, 2016 for up to 375,000,000 maturing on October 15, 2039. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2017. 
 10.28 Series M Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 9, 2017 for up to 750,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.03 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 11, 2018. 
 10.29 Series M Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 9, 2017 for up to 750,000,000 maturing on July 15, 2042. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.04 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 11, 2018. 
 
 175 

Table of Co n tents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.30 Series N Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 15, 2018 for up to 750,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 11, 2019. 
 10.31 Series N Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 15, 2018 for up to 750,000,000 maturing on July 15, 2043. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 11, 2019. 
 10.32 Series P Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of February 1 3, 2020 for up to 500,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 10, 2020. 
 10.33 Series P Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of April 10, 2020 for up to 500,000,000 maturing on July 15, 2054. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 10, 2020. 
 10.34 Series R Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 19, 2020 for up to 375,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed January 12, 2021. 
 10.35 Series R Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 19, 2020 for up to 375,000,000 maturing on July 15, 20 5 5. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed January 12, 2021. 
 10.36 Series S Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, the Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Service dated as of November 4, 2021 for up to 550,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed January 14, 2022. 
 10.37 Series S Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of November 4, 2021 for up to 550,000,000 maturing on July 15, 20 5 6. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed January 14, 2022. 
 10.38 Series T Bond Purchase Agreement between the Registrant, the Federal Financing Bank and Rural Utilities Services dated as of December 15, 2022 for up to 750,000,000. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed January 13, 202 3 . 
 10.39 Series T Future Advance Bond from the Registrant to the Federal Financing Bank dated as of December 15, 2022 for up to 750,000,000 maturing on July 15, 2057. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed January 13, 202 3 . 
 10.40 Ninth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Pledge Agreement dated as of December 15, 2022 between the Registrant, the Rural Utilities Services and U.S. Bank National Association. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Form 10-Q filed January 13, 202 3 . 
 10.41 Ninth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Bond Guarantee Agreement dated as of December 15, 2022 between the Registrant and the Rural Utilities Services . Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to our Form 10-Q filed January 13, 2 02 3 . 
 10.42 Amended and Restated Master Sale and Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2011, by and between the Registrant and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated as of November 28, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 13, 2017. 
 10.43 Amended and Restated Master Note Purchase Agreement dated March 24, 2011 between the Registrant and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 13, 2011. 
 10.44 Second Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement dated February 26, 2018 for up to 5,500,000,000 between the Registrant and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.01 to our Form 10-Q filed on April 11, 2018. 
 10.45 Third Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement dated May 20, 2021 for up to 5,500,000,000 between the Registrant and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to our Form 10-K filed on July 30, 2021. 
 10.46 Fourth Amended and Restated First Supplemental Note Purchase Agreement dated June 15, 2022 for up to 6,000,000,000 between the Registrant and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to our Form 10-K filed on August 8 2022. 
 10.47 Second Amended, Restated and Consolidated Pledge Agreement dated July 31, 2015, between the Registrant, Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust National Association. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to our Form 10-K filed on August 26, 2015. 
 
 176 

Table of Co n tents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.48 Long Term Standby Commitment to Purchase dated August 31, 2015, between the Registrant and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on October 14, 2015. 
 10.49 Amendment No. 1 to Long Term Standby Commitment to Purchase, dated as of May 31, 2016, between the Registrant and Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to our Form 10-K filed on August 25, 2016. 
 Registrant agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of all other instruments defining the rights of holders of its long-term debt upon request. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 104.00 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ___________________________ 
 Indicates a document being filed with this Report. 
 Identifies a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Indicates a document that is furnished with this Report, which shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that Section. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 177 

Table of Co n tents 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the County of Loudoun, Commonwealth of Virginia, on the 2nd day of August 2023 . 
 
 NATIONAL RURAL UTILITIES COOPERATIVE FINANCE CORPORATION By: /s/ J. ANDREW DON J. Andrew Don Chief Executive Officer 

178 

Table of Co n tents 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ J. ANDREW DON Chief Executive Officer August 2, 2023 J. Andrew Don /s/ YU LING WANG Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer August 2, 2023 Yu Ling Wang /s/ PANKAJ SHAH Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) August 2, 2023 Pankaj Shah /s/ DAVID E. FELKEL President and Director August 2, 2023 David E. Felkel /s/ G. ANTHONY NORTON Vice President and Director August 2, 2023 G. Anthony Norton /s/ MARK A. SUGGS Secretary-Treasurer and Director August 2, 2023 Mark A. Suggs /s/ CHARLES A. ABEL II Director August 2, 2023 Charles A. Abel II /s/ ANTHONY A. ANDERSON Director August 2, 2023 Anthony A. Anderson /s/ THOMAS A. BAILEY Director August 2, 2023 Thomas A. Bailey /s/ DONNIE BIDEGAIN Director August 2, 2023 Donnie Bidegain /s/ JARED ECHTERNACH Director August 2, 2023 Jared Echternach /s/ DARICK EISENBRAUN Director August 2, 2023 Darick Eisenbraun /s/ TIMOTHY ELDRIDGE Director August 2, 2023 Timothy Eldridge 
 179 

Table of Co n tents 

 /s/ BRUCE ANTHONY EVERHART Director August 2, 2023 Bruce Anthony Everhart /s/ DENNIS FULK Director August 2, 2023 Dennis Fulk /s/ BARBARA E. HAMPTON Director August 2, 2023 Barbara E. Hampton /s/ WILLIAM KEITH HAYWARD Director August 2, 2023 William Keith Hayward /s/ MICHAEL HEINEN Director August 2, 2023 Michael Heinen /s/ BRADLEY P. JANORSCHKE Director August 2, 2023 Bradley P. Janorschke /s/ ANTHONY LARSON Director August 2, 2023 Anthony Larson /s/ SHANE LARSON Director August 2, 2023 Shane Larson /s/ JOSEPH D. MARTIN Director August 2, 2023 Joseph D. Martin /s/ BRENT MCRAE Director August 2, 2023 Brent McRae /s/ JOHN METCALF Director August 2, 2023 John Metcalf /s/ KENDALL MONTGOMERY Director August 2, 2023 Kendall Montgomery /s/ JEFFREY ALLEN REHDER Director August 2, 2023 Jeffrey Allen Rehder 
 
 180 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 nrufy2023formex231consento.htm
 EX-23.1 KPMG CONSENT

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-263864 and No. 333-249702) on Form S-3 of our report dated August 2, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation. 

s KPMG LLP 
 
 McLean, Virginia 
 August 2, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nrufy2023formex311-ceocert.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 
 I, J. Andrew Don, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date August 2, 2023 
 By s J. ANDREW DON J. Andrew Don Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 has been provided to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and will be retained by National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nrufy2023formex312-cfocert.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 
 I, Yu Ling Wang, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the Audit Committee of the registrant s board of directors 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date August 2, 2023 
 By s YU LING WANG Yu Ling Wang Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 has been provided to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and will be retained by National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 nrufy2023form-ex321ceocert.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a) and (b)), I, the Chief Executive Officer of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation CFC ), hereby certify to the best of my knowledge as follows 
 
 1. CFC s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CFC. 

Date August 2, 2023 
 
 By s J. ANDREW DON J. Andrew Don Chief Executive Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and will be retained by National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 nrufy2023form-ex322xcfocer.htm
 EX-32.2 CFO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Sections 1350(a) and (b)), I, the Chief Financial Officer of National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation CFC ), hereby certify to the best of my knowledge as follows 
 
 1. CFC s Quarterly Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CFC. 

Date August 2, 2023 
 By s YU LING WANG Yu Ling Wang Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and will be retained by National Rural Utilities Cooperative Finance Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nru-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nru-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nru-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nru-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nru-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

