<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230807_10-K_edgar_data_1586495_0001683168-23-005314.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5308544</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>175606</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1063115</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1372322</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1116075</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1421430</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-005314.hdr.sgml : 20230807
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230804202802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-005314
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230807
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230804

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Leet Technology Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001586495
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				463590850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55053
		FILM NUMBER:		231145391

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		805, 8TH FLOOR, MENARA MUTIARA MAJESTIC
		STREET 2:		JALAN OTHMAN, PETALING JAYA
		CITY:			SELANGOR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			46000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		603 7783 1636

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		805, 8TH FLOOR, MENARA MUTIARA MAJESTIC
		STREET 2:		JALAN OTHMAN, PETALING JAYA
		CITY:			SELANGOR
		STATE:			N8
		ZIP:			46000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Leet Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220908

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Leet Technology Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210824

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Leet Technology, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210824

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-005314.txt : 20230807

10-K
 1
 leet_i10k-123122.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from_____________ to
_____________. 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if
disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best
of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

Applicable Only to Registrants Involved in Bankruptcy
Proceedings During the Preceding Five Years: 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent
to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes 
No 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of August 4, 2023, there
were 
 shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding, and 5,898,256
issues of preferred stock issued and outstanding, par value 0.0001. 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the Registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

Documents Incorporated by Reference 

List hereunder the following
documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated:
(1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to rule 424(b)
or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report
to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). None. 

Leet Technology Inc. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES 
 11 
 
 ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 11 

PART II 

ITEM 5 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 12 
 
 ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 14 
 
 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 
 14 
 
 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 21 
 
 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 21 
 
 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 22 
 
 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 23 
 
 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 
 24 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 25 
 
 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 29 
 
 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 33 
 
 ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 34 
 
 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 34 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 35 

i 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Annual Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). These statements are based on management s
beliefs and assumptions, and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning
possible or assumed future results of operations of the Company set forth under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition or Plan of Operation. Forward-looking statements also include statements in which words such as expect, 
 anticipate, intend, plan, believe, estimate, consider, 
or similar expressions are used. 

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees
of future performance. They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. The Company s future results and shareholder values may
differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. 

PART I 

ITEM 1 BUSINESS 

Corporate History 

Prior to the acquisition of our wholly owned subsidiary
as described below, our main business consisted of the manufacture and sale of a Breath Alcohol Ignition Interlock Device (BAIID) we developed
known as the BDI-747 Ignition Interlock Device (the BDI-747/1 ), which is a mechanism that is installed on the steering column
of an automobile and into which a driver exhales prior to starting their vehicle. The device in turn provides a blood-alcohol concentration
analysis. If the driver s blood-alcohol content is higher than a certain pre-programmed limit, the device prevents the ignition
from engaging and the automobile from starting. These devices are often required for use by DUI or DWI driving under the influence 
or driving while intoxicated offenders as part of a mandatory court or motor vehicle department program. 

Current Business 

Shortly after changing our business focus towards
the eSports industry, which we regard as a potentially high growth and profitable industry, we identified certain opportunities to engage
in the business related to e-sports in Southeast Asia, which has seen high growth over the last 3 years, and determined that we should
pursue that business opportunity. We entered into negotiations with Leet Technology Limited LTL ), and have closed that
acquisition as of November 18, 2020. 

Currently, the Company is a holding company and
has no principal business other than LTL s business. As a result of the closing of the Share Exchange Agreement SEA ),
LTL is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company which operates an eSports platform in Malaysia. All references to Company herein include
its operating subsidiary LTL, Leet Entertainment Group Limited, and Leet Entertainment Sdn. Bhd. unless otherwise noted. 

We are a technology company developing and operating
platforms focused on eSports. We operate a community eSport gaming platform called Matchroom.net, which was launched in January 2019 and
aims to cover a wide range of gaming and digital entertainment services catering to the Asia Pacific community. 

1 

Esports Industry and Segment 

Definition of eSports: 

Esports (also known as electronic sports, e-sports,
or eSports) is a form of sport competition using video games. Esports often takes the form of organized, multiplayer video game competitions,
particularly between professional players, individually or as teams. Although organized competitions have long been a part of video game
culture, these were largely between amateurs until the late 2000s, when participation by professional gamers and spectatorship in these
events through live streaming saw a large surge in popularity. By the 2010s, esports was a significant factor in the video game industry,
with many game developers actively designing and providing funding for tournaments and other events. 

Growth of eSports 

The eSports industry is expected to grow rapidly
in the coming years. The majority of these revenues come from sponsorships and advertising, and the rest from media rights, publisher
fees, merchandise and tickets, digital and streaming. 

Our Product Portfolio 

MAVERICK is a modular-based white label platform.
Through our proprietary technology, we offer white-label solutions to our Information Communications Technology ICT partners and Over The Top OTT companies by enhancing their brands to better engage, retain and monetize their user base.
Our white label service allows brands businesses to better engage, retain, and generate additional income streams from their clientele
base. Each platform is fully customizable, highly localizable and easily integrated onto your existing applications or platforms. We assist
and provide support to brands and businesses in their daily operations and scaling. We manage the platform behind-the-scenes, leveraging
on our experience and expertise. 

Matchroom is our flagship product. It was first
released to the public in January 2019 as the pioneering and premier eSports platform in Malaysia. Today, it is quickly expanding to many
South and Southeast Asian nations through strategic partnerships 

Our Focus and Strategy 

Even while the market for potential customer growth
is there, the telecommunication industry telco has been seeing stagnant revenue growth and shrinking margins. The telcos
have built the expensive infrastructure for streaming, but it has the technology companies such as the OTT service companies that have
been monetizing the network. OTTs are online mobile applications that are typically provided by third parties through app stores and often
consume significant mobile network bandwidth. With billions of users, OTT services already have huge scale and still have further growth
potential. In recent years, there has been a boom in OTT media services (Netflix, Amazon Prime, Skype, etc.) that have found effective
ways to operate on top of the telco infrastructure, streaming content or providing VoIP services to end consumers (Source: https://www.visualcapitalist.com/telcos-gaming-rise-esports/).
Although telcos arguably missed the boat on video streaming, voice, and messaging, there is now an emerging segment that could help fill
the gap. The rising popularity of eSports has been identified as the multi-billion dollar industry that provides telcos a much-needed
growth area to better monetize their infrastructure. 

Already worth over 1 billion, the eSports market
is projected by experts to triple by 2025 (Source: https://www.visualcapitalist.com/telcos-gaming-rise-esports/). An important feature
for an enjoyable gaming experience is the need for speed, which telcos are uniquely positioned to provide, especially with the advent
of edge computer technology and 5G. A sophisticated edge computing system will be able to detect where each player is located, while creating
a server in an optimal location that provides all the players with the same high bandwidth, low latency, and experience. By leveraging
technology that enables edge computing at scale, forward-looking telcos can take gamers to where they want to go and with plenty
of value-adds. 

2 

Accordingly, we have decided to dedicate our initial
focus and growth strategy in partnering with telcos to provide a fast end-to-end branded eSports solution at competitive costs to increase
monetization and drive data usage. With OTT operators, we hope to partner with them to offer value-added services on their platforms to
increase usability and more avenues for revenue. Finally, we offer a quick and cost-effective online gaming solution and online gaming
hosting service on Matchroom.net in concert with tournament, event organizers and brand promoters. 

Market, Customer and Distribution Methods 

Our focus in regards of target markets encompasses
the emerging markets (South East Asia, Middle East, and South Asia) in terms of geography, and users between the ages of 17 35.
As most of these markets are mobile centric, our focus is mainly towards mobile e-sport tournaments. As such, we also focus on working
with mobile network operators in our target markets, as they have direct access to their mobile subscribers, which are our target audience
as well. 

Sales and Marketing 

Our sales strategy is geared towards a subscription
model, at which users subscribe to a tournament pass that allows them to participate in a series of tournaments which has prize pools
and benefits. Our partnerships with mobile network operators extend our payment reach through direct carrier billings with the mobile
network operators in the respective countries in which we work. 

By building up the community of e-sports players,
brands can sponsor some of these prize pools by offering product ad placements, sampling and giveaways. This will be further amplified
by offerings of ecommerce opportunities for brands to sell their product on our platform. 

Our marketing strategy revolves around digital
marketing through social media, brand marketing, influencer marketing and working with mobile carriers to co-promote our tournaments. 

Government Regulation 

We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies in any jurisdiction in which we conduct our current business. As of now,
there are no additional required government approvals which we must obtain. 

Competition 

Currently, most of our
competitors are localized in the markets where we penetrated. So far, most if not all our competitors focus on one area only. Either they
are end user platform or a white label platform. 

For Matchroom, we have
more competitors but mainly localized to the country they reside in. We have Yamisok in Indonesia, ESPL in Singapore, MESF in Malaysia
and Mogul.gg out of Australia. Due to language barriers, payments and differences in cultures, large competitors tend to look at the home
countries to build their brand and partners. 

For white label services,
we have two main competitors which is Technineer (telco focused) in Malaysia and Goama (OTT focused) in Singapore that has been whitelabelling
either an esports or an arcade platform for both Telco and OTT operators. The white label platform services remain a niche sector as of
now as it is often a slow and tedious process of onboarding with telco and payment terms of being 90 days. For most companies this is
a deterrent to enter. However, this is still a race as once you are onboarded, you tend to be operating with the telco over a long period
of time. 

3 

Business Plan 

Throughout 2021 we saw most countries and economies
still dealing with the Covid-19 pandemic with new strains of the virus keeping travel and restrictions in place. With on-ground events
halted, the eSports industry shifted heavily onto the online space. Online viewership has increase significantly alongside with the growth
of the internet penetrations namely 5G Mobile networks and higher internet data consumption. This led to many Telco operators looking
at capitalizing on these growths with increased interest in the esports sector. 

In February of 2022, we launched our white label
partnership with Smart Communications which is the largest telco operator in Philippines. In June 2022, We launched our white label partnership
with the Axiata Group in Bangladesh, Cambodia, Indonesia Malaysia. 

In 2023 we will continue to focus on a B2B (Business
to Business) model with mobile network operators within Southeast Asia, South Asia and other continents to extend our platform s
(Maverick) product offerings via a white label model, of which our telco subscribers will subscribe to a data package that offers a tournament
pass or ticket granting users to compete in a series of tournaments on the platform. 

Maverick is a rebrand of our whitelabel product
offering a scalable and modular gaming platform solution to Telco and OTT providers giving them an extensive choice of various features
and monetization modules which would fit their subscribers and market demography. Matchroom will continue to focus on providing esports
managed services to our partners through these telco partnerships. 

The Company will focus on delivering an integrated
end-to-end gaming platform to the markets through the following: 

1) Continuous development and enhancements of
our white label product, Maverick, with the latest and relevant features and functionalities. With the modular-approach, our telco partners
is able to select the features and best suited business model for their respective markets. 

2) Focus on providing business, technical and
operations managed services to our telco partners to ensure professional level of tournament and platform management while working hand
in hand with our telco on marketing the platform to their users. 

3) Build further revenue enhancements feature
as part of the platform such as onboarding of games, ecommerce, and content to further drive new/incremental revenue stream, and user
engagement within the platform increasing its retention capability of the gaming platform for our telco partners. 

Based on our current roadmap, we intend to cover
Southeast Asia, and parts of South Asia, namely Malaysia, Philippines, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Cambodia within the next 5
months. The following 24 months in 2024 to 2025 will see us incorporating Vietnam, Nepal, Middle East, and African markets into our platform. 

To cater to our expansion, our platform roadmap
also focuses on several priorities: 

1) Enhancement of our current platform to enable deep linking with
mobile carriers 

2) Launch of a redemption and ecommerce platform 

3) Enhancements of our current esports tools and services 

4) Gamifications and user experience enhancements 

5) Multi language and geographical-led content management. 

6) Software development kits (SDK) for better onboarding of game
developers and tournament operators. 

7) Customer engagement and community management tools for better
customer experience. 

4 

We will also need to recruit computer gaming employees
and consultants, and executives that will lead localized teams across the region, especially in Philippines, Indonesia, and South Asia
where there is a distinct local culture that calls for localization of content in that particular country. We also expect to expand our
development and operations team to cater to more tournaments including automations, data mining, customer retentions userbase including
monetization strategies. 

We expect our revenues to grow in 2023 onwards,
especially through our mobile carrier partnerships as well as our subscription model which is expected to in line with our user growth
and platform deliverables. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately
14 full time employees based in Malaysia, 3 full time employees based in Vietnam, 6 full time employees based in the Philippines, and
3 full time employees based in Indonesia. We have never experienced a work stoppage. As of December 31, 2021, we have approximately 26
full time employees based in Malaysia, 2 full time employees based in Vietnam, 3 full time employees based in the Philippines, and 4 full
time employees based in Indonesia. We have never experienced a work stoppage. 

Description of Properties 

Our principal executive offices under lease are
located at 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, 15 Jalan Othman, Petaling Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia. Our telephone
number is +603 7783 1636. We have no present intention of acquiring other facilities during our development stage. 

We do not currently have any investment or interests
in any real estate, nor do we have investments or an interest in any real estate mortgages or securities of persons engaged in real estate
activities. 

We were incorporated under the name Jam Run Acquisition
Corporation on July 2, 2013 in the State of Delaware. From inception through early February 2014, we were a blank check company and qualified
as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act which became law in April, 2012, with
a business plan of entering into a transaction with a foreign or domestic private company in order for that company to become a reporting
company as part of the process toward the public trading of its stock. We ceased being a shell company upon the filing of our Form 8-K
on November 18, 2020. 

Available Information 

We are a fully reporting issuer, subject to the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our Quarterly Reports, Annual Reports, and other filings can be obtained from the SEC s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE., Washington, DC 20549, on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. You may also
obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. The Commission maintains
an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the Commission at http://www.sec.gov . 

5 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide a statement of risk factors. However, we believe this information may be valuable to our shareholders for this filing. We reserve
the right to not provide risk factors in our future filings. Our primary risk factors and other considerations include: 

General Risks Relating to our Business, Operations
of Financial Condition 

We are an early-stage company operating
in a newly developing industry with limited resources. 

The Company officially launched its commercial
service (Matchroom) in Malaysia in January 2019. Because the Company has a limited operating history, you should consider and evaluate
our operating prospects in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving markets.
These risks include: 

That we may not have sufficient capital to achieve our growth strategy; 

That we may not develop our product and service offerings in a manner that enables us to be profitable and meet our customers' requirements; 

That our growth strategy may not be successful; and 

That fluctuations in our operating results will be significant relative to our revenues 

These risks are described in more detail below.
Our future growth will depend substantially on our ability to address these, and the other risks described in this section. If we do not
successfully address these risks, our business could be significantly harmed. 

We have a history of net losses, may incur
substantial net losses in the future and may not achieve profitability. 

Although we have begun to generate revenues, we
have incurred significant losses since inception. We expect to incur increased costs to implement our business plan and increase revenues,
such as costs relating to expanding our subscribers growth. 

If our revenues do not increase to offset these
additional expenses, or if we experience unexpected increases in operating expenses, we will continue to incur significant losses, and
will not become profitable. If we are not able to significantly increase our revenues, we will likely not be able to achieve profitability
in the future. 

Our operating losses and working capital
deficiency raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not continue as a going concern, investors
could lose their entire investment. 

Our operating losses and working capital deficiency
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not generate sufficient revenues, do not achieve profitability,
or do not have other sources of financing for our business, we may have to curtail or cease our development plans and operations, which
could cause investors to lose the entire amount of their investment. 

6 

Increasing competition within our emerging
industry could have an impact on our business prospects. 

The e-sports industry is the latest high growth
industry on which many are looking to capitalize. Consequently, it is becoming a very competitive industry, with new competitors frequently
entering the market. 

These competing companies may have significantly
greater financial and other resources than we have and may have been developing their products and services longer and more successfully
than we have been developing ours. Although we are differentiated from our competitors by focusing on emerging markets and leveraging
on the mobile carrier network, increased competition may still have a negative impact on our profit margins. 

The eSports industry is also becoming intensely
more competitive from a tech perspective. Successful competitors of ours typically have better networking or deep integrations with game
developers mainly in the US that give them a competitive edge. As these competitors have an established base of market operation, moving
towards emerging markets may be their respective future strategies. 

Increasing competition affects a majority of the
participants in the eSports market, as users are increasingly more driven by instant gratification and gaming tools that are user friendly,
while brands/organizations are interested in enhancing cost control and revenue generation. 

Our operating results may fluctuate in future
periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. 

Our operating results have been in the past, and
will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more
pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic climate. These factors include: 

Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to telecommunications service providers and internet businesses, in part due to changes in the global economic climate 

Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers spending plans and associated revenue 

Our ability to attract and retain customers 

Price and product competition in the e-sports industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation and different business models 

The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers 

The markets in which we compete are intensely
competitive. 

The markets in which we compete are characterized
by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These
market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of
our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase
our activity in markets for our products and in our priorities. 

7 

Industry
consolidation may lead to increase competition and may harm our operating results. 

There has been a trend towards industry consolidation
in our industry for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions
in an evolving industry, and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. Companies that are strategic alliance partners
in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe
that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete for customers. This could lead to more
variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Economic conditions in certain international
markets could adversely affect demand for the products we sell. 

Sales of our products involve discretionary spending
by consumers. Consumers are typically more likely to make discretionary purchases, including paying to participate or watch, when there
are favorable economic conditions; this of course also extends to the brands, sponsors, and telecommunications partners that we plan to
most leverage through Matchroom. 

Consumer spending may be affected by many economic
and other factors outside of the Company s control. Some of these factors include consumer disposable income levels, consumer confidence
in current and future economic conditions, levels of employment, consumer credit availability, consumer debt levels, inflation, political
conditions and the effect of weather, natural disasters, public health crises, including the recent outbreak of the coronavirus (or COVID-19),
and civil disturbances. 

The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our
results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge
concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. These and other
economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products, which may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

The e-sports industry has historically been
relatively sensitive to external pressure; potentially affected by level of prize pools, introduction of new games, consoles, and technologies
that may negatively impact the demand for existing products or our pre-owned businesses. 

The e-sports industry has historically been sensitive
to external pressures, especially in response to the level of prize pools across recent competitions, introduction and/or retirement of
game titles, consumer preferences, adoption of new technologies/platforms, and more. 

These kinds of changes typically favor the most
innovative and better capitalized businesses that are able to maintain their competitive edge by keeping up with the times and giving
the customers what they want. 

Technological advances in the delivery and types
of e-sports competition, as well as changes in consumer behavior related to these new technologies, have and may continue to lower our
sales. 

Technological advances in the tools that
facilitate an e-sports competition, as well as changes in consumer behavior related to these new technologies, have and may continue to
lower our sales. 

As our competitors implement more tools that can
better deliver and facilitate high quality e-sports experiences, our customers may no longer choose to perform their business with us,
thereby negatively impacting our sales and business performance. 

If we fail to keep pace with changing industry
technology and consumer preferences, we will be at a competitive disadvantage. 

The interactive entertainment industry is characterized
by swiftly changing technology, evolving industry standards, frequent new and enhanced product introductions, rapidly changing consumer
preferences and product obsolescence. 

8 

Games, and by association e-sports, are now played
on a wide variety of mediums, including mobile phones, tablets, social networking websites, and more. This is especially true when it
comes to the great exodus of serious gamers from the more traditional PC and console gaming to the newer mobile devices. 

In order to continue to compete effectively in
the e-sports industry, we need to respond effectively to these changes and understand their impact on our customers preferences.
However, it may take significant time and resources to respond to these technological changes and the resulting effects on consumer behavior.
Our business and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we fail to keep pace with these changes. 

As a seller of certain consumer products,
we are subject to various federal, state, local, and international laws, regulations, and statutes. 

While we take steps to comply with these laws,
there can be no assurance that we will be in total compliance, and failure to comply with these laws could result in litigation, regulatory
action and penalties which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition,
our partners and stakeholders might not adhere to the necessary policies, rendering our business susceptible to legal lawsuits which can
severely impact our profitability. 

Failure to attract and retain executive
officers and other key personnel could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract,
motivate, and retain a highly trained and engaged workforce, including key executives, management and skilled merchandising, marketing,
financial, and administrative personnel. In addition, the turnover rate in the industry is relatively high, and there is an ongoing need
to recruit and train new employees. 

Factors that affect our ability to maintain sufficient
numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, unemployment rates, competition from other employers and our ability
to offer appropriate compensation packages. Our inability to recruit a sufficient number of qualified individuals or our failure to retain
key executive officers and other employees in the future may have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 

The market price of our common stock is
volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly, which could result in substantial losses for stockholders. 

The market price of our common stock has been,
and may continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. Among the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to
fluctuate are the risks described in this Risk Factors section and other factors, including: 

fluctuations in our operating results or the operating results of our competitors; 

changes in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts; 

variance in our financial performance from the expectations of securities analysts; 

changes in the estimates of the future size and growth rate of our markets; 

changes in accounting principles or changes in interpretations of existing principles, which could affect our financial results; 

conditions and trends in the markets we currently serve or which we intend to target with our product candidates; 

changes in general economic, industry and market conditions; 

the impact of the COVID-19 impact, including the magnitude, severity, duration, and uncertainty of the downturn in the domestic and global economies and financial markets; 

success of competitive products and services; 

changes in market valuations or earnings of our competitors; 

announcements of significant new products, contracts, acquisitions or strategic alliances by us or our competitors; 

our continuing ability to list our securities on an established market or exchange; 

the timing and outcome of regulatory reviews and approvals of our products; 

the commencement or outcome of litigation involving our company, our general industry or both; 

changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

actual or expected sales of our common stock by the holders of our common stock; and 

the trading volume of our common stock. 

9 

In addition, the financial markets may experience
a loss of investor confidence or otherwise experience continued volatility and deterioration due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A loss of investor
confidence may result in extreme price and volume fluctuations in our common stock that are unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of our business, our financial condition, or results of operations, which may materially harm the market price of our common
stock and result in substantial losses for stockholders. 

Future sales of our common stock could cause
dilution, and the sale of such common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could cause the price of our stock to decline. 

Sales of additional shares of our common stock,
as well as securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, could result in substantial dilution to our stockholders and cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. An aggregate of 151,096,262 shares of common stock were outstanding as of August 4, 2023.
There are no outstanding options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. A substantial majority of the outstanding shares
of our common stock are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act. 

We may sell additional shares of common stock,
as well as securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, in subsequent public or private offerings. We may also issue additional
shares of common stock, as well as securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, to finance future acquisitions. We will
need to raise additional capital in order to initiate or complete additional development activities for all of our product candidates,
or to pursue additional disease indications for our product candidates, and this may require us to issue a substantial amount of securities
(including common stock as well as securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock). There can be no assurance that our capital
raising efforts will be able to attract the capital needed to execute on our business plan and sustain our operations. Moreover, we cannot
predict the size of future issuances of our common stock, as well as securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, or the
effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of our securities will have on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial
amounts of our common stock, as well as securities convertible into or exercisable for common stock, including shares issued in connection
with an acquisition or securing funds to complete any clinical trial plans, or the perception that such sales could occur, may result
in substantial dilution and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 

Regulation of penny stocks. 

The SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate
 penny stocks. Because the securities of the Company may constitute penny stocks within the meaning of the rules
(as any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, other
than a security registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume
information with respect to transactions in that security are provided by the exchange or system), the rules would apply to the Company
and to its securities. The SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which established sales practice requirements for certain low-price securities.
Unless the transaction is exempt, it shall be unlawful for a broker or dealer to sell a penny stock to, or to effect the purchase of a
penny stock by, any person unless prior to the transaction: (i) the broker or dealer has approved the person's account for transactions
in penny stock pursuant to this rule and (ii) the broker or dealer has received from the person a written agreement to the transaction
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a person's account for transactions in
penny stock, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain from the person information concerning the person's financial situation, investment
experience, and investment objectives; (b) reasonably determine that transactions in penny stock are suitable for that person, and that
the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters that the person reasonably may be expected to be capable of evaluating
the risks of transactions in penny stock; (c) deliver to the person a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker or
dealer made the determination (i) stating in a highlighted format that it is unlawful for the broker or dealer to affect a transaction
in penny stock unless the broker or dealer has received, prior to the transaction, a written agreement to the transaction from the person;
and (ii) stating in a highlighted format immediately preceding the customer signature line that (A) the broker or dealer is required to
provide the person with the written statement and (B) the person should not sign and return the written statement to the broker or dealer
if it does not accurately reflect the person's financial situation, investment experience, and investment objectives; and (d) receive
from the person a manually signed and dated copy of the written statement. 

10 

It is also required that disclosure be made as
to the risks of investing in penny stock and the commissions payable to the broker-dealer, as well as current price quotations and the
remedies and rights available in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Statements, on a monthly basis, must be sent to the investor
listing recent prices for the penny stock and information on the limited market. Shareholders should be aware that, according
to SEC Release No. 34- 29093, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns
include: (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; (ii)
manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii) boiler
room practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; (iv) excessive
and undisclosed bid ask differential and markups by selling brokerdealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters
and broker dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices
and with consequent investor losses. The Company's management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock
market. Although the Company does not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate
in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established
with respect to the Company's securities. 

ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

This Item is not applicable to us as we are not
an accelerated filer, a large accelerated filer, or a well-seasoned issuer; however, we have not received written comments from the Commission
staff regarding our periodic or current reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within the last 180 days before the end of our
last fiscal year. 

ITEM 2 PROPERTIES 

On August 1, 2017, the Company s subsidiary,
Leet Entertainment Sdn Bhd became a party to a Tenancy Agreement for the registered property of 502, 5th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic,
No. 15, Jalan Othman 46000 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. On November 1, 2021, the Company became a party to a Tenancy Agreement for
the registered property of 503, 5th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, No. 15, Jalan Othman 46000 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. 

The Company also utilizes space on a rent-free
basis in the office located at Unite 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling Jaya 46000, Selangor,
Malaysia which owns by Mr. Dai, Song, the director of the Company. The fair market value of the rent is RM1,500 per month. This arrangement
is expected to continue until the foreseeable future. 

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may from time to time be subject to legal and
administrative proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings
and we are not aware of any pending or threatened material legal or administrative proceedings against us. We do not believe that any
claims exist where the outcome of such matters would have a material adverse effect on our con assurance such legal proceedings will not
have a material impact on future results. 

ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

11 

PART II 

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is currently quoted on the OTCQB-tier
of OTC Markets under the symbol LTES. We were initially listed on June 30, 2015. The following table sets forth the high
and low bid information for each quarter within the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,, as best we could estimate from publicly-available
information. The information reflects prices between dealers, and does not include retail markup, markdown, or commission, and may not
represent actual transactions. 

Fiscal Year 
 Ended 

Bid Prices 

December 31, 
 
 Period 
 
 High 

Low 

2021 
 
 First Quarter 

1.09 

0.05 

Second Quarter 

0.37 

0.17 

Third Quarter 

0.26 

0.17 

Fourth Quarter 

0.30 

0.15 

2022 
 
 First Quarter 

0.17 

0.12 

Second Quarter 

0.14 

0.09 

Third Quarter 

0.15 

0.07 

Fourth Quarter 

0.08 

0.04 

The Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform
Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined as a
penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price
of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a few exceptions which we do not meet. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require
the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks
associated therewith. 

On July 29, 2021, we adopted a 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan for Employees and Consultants (2021 ESIP) where we filed an S-8 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
registering 5,000,000 shares of common stock that were approved to be awarded under the 2021 ESIP. Pursuant to the 2021 ESIP, a total
of 3,095,000 shares were issued to 4 of its consultants. 

On June 14, 2022, we adopted a 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan for Employee and Consultants (2022 ESIP) where we filed an S-8 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
registering 7,000,000 shares of common stock that were approved to be awarded under the 2022 ESIP. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued
a total of 7,000,000 shares of its Common Stock to 4 of its employees and consultants. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 20,000,000
shares of our preferred stock authorized, with 1,000,000 shares being Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. Our Series A Preferred
Stock has One Million (1,000,000) shares issued and the following rights: (i) no dividend rights; (ii) no liquidation preference over
our common stock; (iii) no conversion rights; (iv) no redemption rights; (v) no call rights; (vi) each share of Series A Convertible Preferred
stock will have one hundred (100) votes on all matters validly brought to our common stockholders. December 31, 2022 and 2021, all 1,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock were held by Mr. Song Dai. 

12 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 10,000,000
shares of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock authorized and the total number of Series B preferred shares issued and outstanding
was 5,898,256 and nil respectively. Our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock have the following preferences: (i) dividend rights in pari
passu with the Company s common stock on an as converted basis, (ii) liquidation preference over the Company s common stock,
(iii) conversion rights of 10 shares of common stock for each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock converted, (iv) no redemption
rights, (v) no call rights, (vi) each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will have 1,000 votes on all matters validly brought
to the Company s common stock holders. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 152,899,640
shares of our common stock outstanding held by 170 holders of record and numerous shares held in brokerage accounts. 

As of December 31, 2021, there were 152,899,640
shares of our common stock outstanding held by 170 holders of record and numerous shares held in brokerage accounts. 

Dividends 

There have been no cash dividends declared on
our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Dividends are declared at the sole discretion
of our Board of Directors. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

On July 29, 2021 we adopted a 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan for Employees and Consultants (2021 ESIP) where we filed an S-8 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
registering 5,000,000 shares of common stock that were approved to be awarded under the 2021 ESIP. Pursuant to the 2021 ESIP, a total
of 3,095,000 shares were issued to 4 of its employees and consultants. 

On June 14, 2022, we adopted a 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan for Employee and Consultants (2022 ESIP) where we filed an S-8 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
registering 7,000,000 shares of common stock that were approved to be awarded under the 2022 ESIP. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued
a total of 7,000,000 shares of its Common Stock to 4 of its employees and consultants. 

Recent Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

On November 18, 2020, we entered into a Share
Exchange Agreement (SEA) with the shareholders of Leet Technology Limited. Pursuant to the SEA, we issued ten million (10,000,000) shares
of restricted common stock to nine (9) individuals in exchange for one hundred percent (100 of the stock of Leet Technology Limited.
The shares were issued pursuant to Regulation S (Offshore Offers and Sales) of the Securities Act 1933. 

On April 28, 2021, we entered into a Letter Agreement
with Maxim Partners LLC. Pursuant to the Agreement, on August 23, 2021, we issued 1,403,973 shares of restricted common stock to Maxim
Partners LLC. The shares were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) in conjunction with Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act 1933. 

On October 6, 2021, we entered into a Purchase
Agreement and a Registration Rights Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC. As consideration for Lincoln Park s irrevocable
commitment to purchase shares of our common stock upon the terms of and subject to satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Purchase
Agreement, the Company has issued 1,003,378 shares of restricted common stock. On February 13. 2023, the aggregate of 1,003,378 shares
of restricted common stock was returned for cancellation. 

On September 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Employee Stock Incentive Plan to its consultants. On June 30, 2022
Management recognized that the issuance was incorrect as it exceeded its mandate with the prior Form S-8 registration statement with respect
to the allowance of shares registered. 

13 

To rectify the above, the Board of Directors approved
the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan for Employees and Consultants and filed Form S-8 on June 30, 2022, to register 7,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued 7,000,000 shares of its Common Stock to employees and consultants for services rendered and
proceeded to cancel the 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock that was incorrectly issued. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate
of 5,898,256 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to Porta Capital Limited, Bru Haas (B)
Sdn Bhd, Bru Haas Sdn Bhd, Clicque Technology Sdn Bhd, Tilla Network Limited and Porta Network Inc., the Company s related parties
(individually as the Related Party, and collectively as the Related Parties pursuant to certain Debt Conversion
Agreements, each dated September 30, 2022 (the Debt Conversion Agreement ), between the Related Parties and the Company. 

If our stock is listed on an exchange, we will
be subject to the Securities Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure relating to the market for
penny stocks in connection with trades in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations that generally define
a penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to a few exceptions which we do
not meet. Unless an exception is available, the regulations require the delivery, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, of
a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the risks associated therewith. 

ITEM 6 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION 

Disclaimer Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

In this document we make
a number of statements, referred to as forward-looking statements , that are intended to convey our expectations or predictions
regarding the occurrence of possible future events or the existence of trends and factors that may impact our future plans and operating
results. The safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 does not apply
to us. We note, however, that these forward-looking statements are derived, in part, from various assumptions and analyses we have made
in the context of our current business plan and information currently available to us and in light of our experience and perceptions of
historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors we believe to be appropriate in the circumstances.
You can generally identify forward-looking statements through words and phrases such as seek, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, expect, intend, plan, budget, project, 
 may be, may continue, may likely result, and similar expressions. When reading any forward looking-statement
you should remain mindful that all forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain as they are based on current expectations and assumptions
concerning future events or future performance of our company, and that actual results or developments may vary substantially from those
expected as expressed in or implied by that statement for a number of reasons or factors, including those relating to: 

whether or not markets for our products develop and, if they do develop, the pace at which they develop; 

our ability to attract and retain the qualified personnel to implement our growth strategies; 

our ability to fund our short-term and long-term operating needs; 

changes in our business plan and corporate strategies; and 

other risks and uncertainties discussed in greater detail in the sections of this document. 

Each forward-looking
statement should be read in context with, and with an understanding of, the various other disclosures concerning our company and our business
made elsewhere in this document as well as other public reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. You should not place
undue reliance on any forward-looking statement as a prediction of actual results or developments. We are not obligated to update or revise
any forward-looking statement contained in this document to reflect new events or circumstances unless and to the extent required by applicable
law. 

14 

Company Overview 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, which are set forth in Item 1 of this report. 

The Company operates within the Esports industry
and derives revenue from esports tournament management and team services. The Company offers tournament management services to their customers,
whereby they are engaged to provide the service of managing and hosting a tournament of the customer s choice. The Company provides
the required manpower and skills to host and manage an esports tournament on their own Matchroom.net platform or on the platform of the
customer. Apart from hosting the tournaments of other customers, the Company also hosts and managed their own internally held tournaments.
The Company will obtain sponsorship agreements with other third-party entities whereby the Company commits to deliver certain sponsor
and promotional services in exchange for consideration. 

Impact of COVID-19
on our business 

The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted global
commercial activity, disrupted supply chains, and contributed to significant volatility in financial markets. On March 19, 2020, the Malaysian
Prime Minister issued a Movement Control Order (MCO), which reduced movement within Malaysia and cancelled all non-essential travel and
limited travel from outsiders deemed as non-essential. Eventually, the MCO was lifted as of June 9, 2020, and certain safe-distance and
other controlling protocols were put into place, which were in effect until December 31, 2021. 

In 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic had an adverse
impact on our business and results of operations, as the ongoing pandemic continued to depress economic activity and reduce the demand
for our products and services, as well as disrupt supply chains. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business operations
and overall financial performance are unknown at this time and will depend on numerous circumstances outside of our control. The likelihood
of recurrence of widespread or localized virus outbreaks is high and may continue for months, likely resulting in further government ordered
Movement Control Orders, social distancing policies, restrictions on travel and other extensive measures. We cannot predict the effect
of these circumstances on us which makes it difficult to predict how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating activities
can resume. 

In these challenging and unprecedented times,
management is taking all necessary and appropriate action to maximize liquidity as the Company navigates the current landscape. These
actions include significantly reducing operating expenses and the elimination of all non-essential spending and capital expenditures. 

Going concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on the basis that the Company is going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of
liabilities in the normal course of business. 

The Company has suffered from a working capital
deficit and accumulated deficit of 2,655,039 and 10,578,195 at December 31, 2022, respectively. The Company incurred a net loss of 2,652,929
during the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, which
was designated as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption in international
economies and global trades and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s
business. 

15 

The continuation of the Company as a going concern
through the next twelve months is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and related parties. The Company
is currently pursuing additional financing for its operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing
sufficient funds to sustain the operations for one year from the date of the filing of the financial statements. 

These and other factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

Overview and Outlook 

The following comparative analysis on results
of operations was based primarily on the comparative audited consolidated financial statements, footnotes and related information for
the periods identified below and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements
that are included elsewhere in this report. 

Year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December
31, 2021 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues 
 151,977 
 62,842 

Cost of revenue 
 (927,194 
 (588,690 
 
 Gross loss 
 (775,217 
 (525,848 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 (36,287 
 (36,214 
 
 General and administrative 
 (1,691,688 
 (4,795,550 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (1,727,975 
 (4,831,764 

Other income (expense): 

Changes in fair value of derivative liability 
 1,575 

Common stock cancellation 
 300,000 

Cybersecurity service ncome 
 18,609 

Loss on settlement with related parties 
 (471,860 

Interest expense 
 (2,609 

Sundry income 
 4,548 
 1,025 

(149,737 
 1,025 

Loss before income taxes 
 (2,652,929 
 (5,356,587 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS 
 (2,652,929 
 (5,356,587 

16 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the following customers accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 

December 31, 
 2022 

Customers 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

Customer A 

69,259 

45 

66,000 

Customer B 

16,546 

11 

3,638 

Total: 

85,805 

56 
 
 Total: 
 
 69,638 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

December 31, 
 2021 

Customers 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

Customer A 

19,708 

31 

19,735 

Customer B 

15,418 

25 

98 

Total: 

35,126 

56 
 
 Total: 
 
 19,833 

All of our major customers are located in Malaysia,
India, Cambodia, and Philippines. 

Revenue increased by 141.8 to 151,977 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, from 62,842 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in revenue is mainly attributed by our white
label project entered with Smart Communications, Inc., a large telecommunication provider in the Philippines and revenue of matchroom
Mini-app solutions. 

Cost of revenue increased by 57.5 to 927,194
for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 588,690 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenue is due to the
increase in rental of platform server cost, network bandwidth expenses, direct labor costs,
 amortization of capitalized development. 

General and administrative expenses decreased
by 64.7 to 1,691,688 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 4,795,550 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in general
and administrative expenses is mainly attributable to the stock-based compensation of 3,054,012 which the Company issued common stocks
for consultancy services rendered during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net loss decreased 50.5 to 2,652,929 for the
year ended December 31, 2022, from 5,356,587 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss is mainly attributed by the
decrease in general and administrative expenses. 

17 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash
equivalents of 36,808, accounts receivable of 156,585 and deposit and other receivables of 11,712. Such cash amounts and other sources
of liquidity were not sufficient to support our operations in the next twelve months. Management believes the Company is currently pursuing
additional financing for its operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds
to sustain its operations. In the absence of such financing, our business will likely fail. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,873,154 
 (1,686,227 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (11,940 
 (172,771 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,892,870 
 1,817,411 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities was 1,873,154, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 2,652,929, an increase in accounts receivables
of 113,061, a decrease in operating lease liabilities of 4,779 , common stock cancellation
of 300,000, changes in fair value of derivative liability of 1,575 and offset by depreciation on plant and equipment of 31,721, non-cash
financing cost of 2,609, right of use amortization of 4,817, a loss on settlement with related parties of 471,860, an decrease in deposits
and other receivables of 12,027, an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of 329,020, an increase of accounts payable of
 9,139, an increase in accrued compensation payable to officers and directors of 66,810 and an increase in deferred revenue of 271,187. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
used in operating activities was 1,686,227, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 5,356,587, an increase in deposits and other
receivables of 22,702, a decrease in accrued liabilities and other payables of 10,698, a decrease in operating lease liabilities of
 5,162, and offset by depreciation on plant and equipment of 23,053, amortization on intangible assets of 179,703, right of use amortization
of 5,067, impairment loss on intangible assets of 362,815, stock-based compensation of 3,054,012, a decrease in accounts receivables
of 249, and an increase in accrued compensation payable to officers and directors of 84,023. 

We expect to continue to rely on cash generated
through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities to finance our operations and future acquisitions. 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in investing activities was 11,940, which consisted primarily of net cash outflow from purchase of plant and equipment. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
used in investing activities was 172,771, which consisted primarily of purchase of intangible assets, software and office equipment. 

18 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
generated from financing activities was 1,892,870 consisting primarily of advances from related parties and proceeds from issuance of
convertible note. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
generated from financing activities was 1,817,411 consisting primarily of proceeds from a director of 9,286 and proceeds from related
parties of 1,808,125. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any financial guarantees
or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. In addition, we have not entered into any derivative contracts
that are indexed to our own shares and classified as shareholders equity, or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial
statements. Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves
as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. Moreover, we do not have any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity
that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services
with us. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make assumptions, estimates
and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments and contingencies,
if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our financial statements. These accounting
policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. Critical accounting policies are those
that are most important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's subjective or
complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change
in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to financial statements and
because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management's current judgments. We
believe the following accounting policies are critical in the preparation of our financial statements. 

Basis of presentation 

These accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ). 

Use of estimates and assumptions 

In preparing these consolidated financial statements,
management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance sheets and revenues
and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 

Revenue recognition 

The revenue of the Company is currently generated
from the provision of white label solutions and esports event management and team services. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC
606 when control of a product or service is transferred to a customer. 

19 

Under ASC 606, a performance obligation is a promise
within a contract to transfer a distinct good or service, or a series of distinct goods and services, to a customer. Revenue is recognized
when performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of promised goods or services. The amount of revenue recognized
reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for goods or services. Under the standard,
a contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation. To determine revenue recognition for arrangements
that the Company determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the Company performs the following five steps: 

identify the contract with a customer; 

identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

White Label Solutions Revenue 

The Company derives revenue from the provision
of white label solutions. The Company offers white-label, contracted licensed, solutions primarily to their information communications
technology ICT partners. The Company engages its ICT partners to utilize its Matchroom.net Platform. For customers who
have their own platforms and apps being used, the Company will customize the design of Matchroom.net to meet the customer s need
and integrate, a customized solution into the customer s system. The Matchroom.net platform and software solution is customizable
to the specific needs of each customer and can be integrated across multiple platforms. On average it takes the Company three months to
complete the customization of the platform for a customers use. 

The Company s typical arrangement involves
customizing the Matchroom.net platform solution, which requires technical programming support to build out the platform to its customers
specifications. As a result, in analyzing the performance obligations being provided to the customer the Company considers the software
license and customization services as a single performance obligation as required by ASC 606. In carrying out the services under these
arrangements, the Company is often provided with upfront payment, which is deferred and recognized into revenue over the duration of the
contract. 

Esports Tournament Management and Team Services
Revenue 

The Company derives revenue from esports tournament
management and team services. The Company offers tournament management services to their customers, whereby they are engaged to provide
the service of managing and hosting a tournament of the customer s choice. The Company provides the required manpower and skills
to host and manage an esports tournament on their own Matchroom.net platform or on the platform of the customer. The hosting and management
of these tournaments on behalf of the customer is deemed to be one performance obligation and is met over the period of performance in
which the tournament is held. 

The amount to be recognized as revenue equals
the predetermined event management fee as per the agreement in place between the Company and the customer. The Company fulfils its performance
obligation through the execution and completion of hosting the tournament, over the period of performance that being the multi-day tournament.
The amount per the contract is based on the needs of the customer and the required level of manpower or skills needed for the relevant
tournament. 

Apart from hosting the tournaments of other customers,
the Company also hosts and managed their own internally held tournaments. The Company will obtain sponsorship agreements with other third-party
entities whereby the Company commits to deliver certain sponsor and promotional services in exchange for consideration. Upon completion
of the tournament, a work completion report will be generated and communicated to the customer. Revenue will be recorded pro rata throughout
the duration of the tournament. The Company invoices its promotional partners based on the contracted services within the agreement. 

20 

Stock based compensation 

The Company accounts for non-employee stock-based
compensation in accordance with the guidance of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation, which requires all share-based
payments to non-employees to be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values. The fair value of the equity instrument
is charged directly to compensation expense and credited to additional paid-in capital. 

Income taxes 

Income taxes are determined in accordance with
the provisions of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted income tax rates expected
to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Any effect on deferred
tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how
companies should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in their financial statements uncertain tax positions taken or expected to
be taken on a tax return. Under ASC 740, tax positions must initially be recognized in the financial statements when it is more likely
than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions must initially and subsequently be
measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the
tax authority assuming full knowledge of the position and relevant facts. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company did not have any interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
did not have any significant unrecognized uncertain tax positions. 

The Company is subject to tax in local and foreign
jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that are subject to examination by the relevant tax
authorities. 

Recent accounting pronouncement 

From time to time, new accounting pronouncements
are issued by the Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB or other standard setting bodies and adopted by the Company
as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the impact of recently issued standards that
are not yet effective will not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

For a description of recent accounting pronouncements,
see Note 3 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included elsewhere in this Report. 

ITEM 7A Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

The consolidated financial statements and the
Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm thereon are filed pursuant to this Item 8 and are included in this report
beginning on page F-1. 

21 

LEET TECHNOLOGY INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 711) 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 F-31 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Leet Technology Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Leet Technology Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt
about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company has a significant working capital deficit as of December 31, 2022, and recurring losses from operations which raise substantial
doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s
plans regarding those matters also are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to that matter. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws
and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the board of directors and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2023. 

August 4, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Leet Technology Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Leet Technology Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations
and comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the year in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the year in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2,
the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses, and needs to raise additional funds to meet
its obligations and sustain its operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going
concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial
statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated
below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our
opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate
opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 3 

Assessment of Impairment on Long-lived Assets 

Description of the Matter 

As discussed in Note 3 to the financial
statements, The Company reviews long-lived assets, such as property and equipment, intangible assets subject to amortization, and right-of-use
assets on operating leases for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or
asset group may not be recoverable. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amount of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If these assets are determined to be
impaired, the amount of impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds their fair value. Fair
value is generally determined using forecasted discounted cash flows. 

We identified the evaluation of the impairment analysis of long-lived assets
as a critical audit matter. There was a high degree of subjective auditor judgment in evaluating the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows used to test operating locations for recoverability and the determination of fair value of the relevant assets when required. Specifically,
a high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate future revenues and operating cash flows, including consideration
of the impact of COVID-19. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

 We obtained an understanding and evaluated the procedures
over management s impairment review process. We reviewed management s significant assumptions and data inputs utilized in
the calculation of future cash flows. To test the Company s estimated future cash flows used to test for the recoverability of the
respective assets and, if applicable, the measurement of an impairment loss, we performed audit procedures that included, among others,
testing the significant assumptions discussed above and the underlying data used by the Company in its impairment analyses, evaluating
the methodologies applied by management, and recalculating the total undiscounted cash flows for each asset analyzed. We compared the
significant assumptions used by management to historical revenue data, revenue trends, and observable market-specific data. We assessed
the historical accuracy of management s estimates and performed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the
changes in the fair value of the assets that would result from changes in the assumptions. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

April 15, 2022 

F- 4 

LEET TECHNOLOGY INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

As of December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Plant and equipment, net 

Right of use assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued compensation payable to officers and directors 

Contract liability 

Amounts due to related parties 

Convertible promissory note 

Operating lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

MEZZANINE EQUITY 

Series B Convertible Preferred
 Stock, 
 shares authorized, par
 value, 
 and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, shares
 authorized, par value: Series A, authorized, issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value;
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Common stock to be cancelled 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated losses 

Total stockholders deficit attributable to the Company 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LEET TECHNOLOGY INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue (includes related party expenses, and in 2022 and 2021) 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development (includes related party expenses, and in 2022 and 2021) 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Changes in fair value of derivative liability 

Common stock cancellation 

Loss on settlement with related parties 

Cybersecurity service income 

Interest expenses 

Sundry income, net 

Total other income 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation (loss) gain 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Basic and diluted loss per common share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LEET TECHNOLOGY INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

Accumulated 

Series
 A Preferred stock 

Common stock 
 Stock to be cancelled 
 Additional 
 other 
 
 Non- 
 Total 

No. of 
 
 No. of 
 
 No. of 
 
 paid-in 
 comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 controlling 
 stockholders 

shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 loss 
 losses 
 interests 
 deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2021 

Shares issued for consultancy services 

Shares issued for commitment fee 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for
 the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisition of Leet BD 

Disposal of subsidiaries 

Dividend 

Cancellation of shares 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the year 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LEET TECHNOLOGY INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation on plant and equipment 

Amortization on intangible assets 

Right of use amortization 

Impairment loss on intangible assets 

Stock based compensation 

Changes in fair value of derivative liability 

Amortization of debt discount 

Non-cash financing cost 

Common stock cancellation 

Loss on settlement with related parties 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Deposits and other receivables 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued compensation payable to officers and directors 

Contract liability 

Operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capitalization of development costs 

Cash from acquisition of subsidiary 

Disposal of cash from subsidiaries 

Purchase of plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from a director 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible note 

Proceeds from related parties 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate on changes in cash 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash 

CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash paid for tax 

Cash paid for interest 

Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

Issuance of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock in exchange of balances due to related parties 

Non-cash purchase of intangible assets 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

LEET TECHNOLOGY INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Description of subsidiaries 

The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
referred to as (the Company ). 

in cash, working capital deficit of and accumulated deficit of . The Company incurred a continuous net loss of 
during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company believes that its current level of cash is not sufficient to fund its operations
and obligations without additional financing. In addition, with respect to the ongoing and evolving coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, which
was designated as a pandemic by the World Health Organization on March 11, 2020, the outbreak has caused substantial disruption in international
economies and global trades and if repercussions of the outbreak are prolonged, could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s
business. 

The continuation of the Company as a going concern
through December 31, 2022 is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders and related parties. The Company is
currently pursuing additional financing for its operations. However, there is no assurance that the Company will be successful in securing
sufficient funds to sustain the operations for one year from the date of the filing of the consolidated financial statements. 

These and other factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result in the Company
not being able to continue as a going concern. 

allowance for doubtful accounts. 

years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed
as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

White Label Solutions Revenue 

The Company derives revenue from the provision
of white label solutions. The Company offers white label, contracted licensed, solutions primarily to their information communications
technology ICT partners. The Company engages its ICT partners to utilize its Matchroom.net Platform. For customers who
have their own platforms and apps being used, the Company will customize the design of Matchroom.net to meet the customer s need
and integrate, a customized solution into the customer s system. The Matchroom.net platform and software solution is customizable
to the specific needs of each customer and can be integrated across multiple platforms. On average it will take the Company three months
to complete the customization of the platform for a customers use. 

The Company s typical arrangement involves
customizing the Matchroom.net platform solution, which requires technical programming support to build out the platform to its customers
specifications. As a result, in analyzing the performance obligations being provided to the customer the Company considers the software
license and customization services as a single performance obligation as required by ASC 606. In carrying out the services under these
arrangements, the Company is often provided with upfront payment which is deferred and recognized into revenue over the duration of the
contract. Additionally, the Company recognizes ticket when the performance obligation has been satisfied. 

Esports Tournament Management and Team Services
Revenue 

The Company derives revenue from esports tournament
management and team services. The Company offers tournament management services to their customers, whereby they are engaged to provide
the service of managing and hosting a tournament of the customer s choice. The Company provides the required manpower and skills
to host and manage an esports tournament on their own Matchroom.net platform or on the platform of the customer. The hosting and management
of these tournaments on behalf of the customer is deemed to be one performance obligation and is met over the period of performance (couple
of days) in which the tournament is held. 

The amount to be recognized as revenue equals
the predetermined event management fee as per the agreement in place between the Company and the customer. The Company fulfils its performance
obligation through the execution and completion of hosting the tournament, over the period of performance that being the multi-day tournament.
The amount per the contract is based on the needs of the customer and the required level of manpower or skills needed for the relevant
tournament. 

Apart from hosting the tournaments of other customers,
the Company also hosts and managed their own internally held tournaments. The Company will obtain sponsorship agreements with other third-party
entities whereby the Company commits to deliver certain sponsor and promotional services in exchange for consideration. Upon completion
of the tournament a work completion report will be generated and communicated to the customer. Revenue will be recording pro rata during
the duration of the tournament. The Company invoices its promotional partners based on the contracted services within the agreement. 

Esport tournament management and team services 

Matchroom Mini-app solutions 

tax penalties imposed by IRS for FY 2021 income tax return. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did t
have any interest and penalties associated with tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any significant
unrecognized uncertain tax positions. 

The Company is subject to tax in local and foreign
jurisdiction. As a result of its business activities, the Company files tax returns that are subject to examination by the relevant tax
authorities. 

, at December 31, 2022), and revenue and expense accounts are translated using the
weighted average exchange rate in effect for the period for the year ended December 31 2022). HKD-denominated assets and liabilities
are translated into the United States Dollar using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date , at December 31, 2021), and revenue
and expense accounts are translated using the weighted average exchange rate in effect for the period for the year ended December
31 2021). MYR-denominated assets and liabilities are translated into the United States Dollar using the exchange rate at the balance sheet
date and , at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively), and revenue and expense accounts are translated using the weighted
average exchange rate in effect for the period and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively). 

Warrants 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
the Company purchased computers and equipment of approximately and from a related party, Bru Haas Consultants. 

years. The Company adopted ASC 842, using the modified-retrospective approach as discussed
in Note 3, and as a result, recognized a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. The Company uses rate to determine the present
value of the lease payments. 

The Company excludes short-term leases (those
with lease terms of less than one year at inception) from the measurement of lease liabilities or right-of-use assets. 

The consolidated balance sheet allocation of
assets and liabilities related to operating lease is as follows: 

Liabilities: 

Current 
 
 Operating lease liability current 

Non-current 
 
 Operating lease liability non-current 

Total lease liabilities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company recorded lease expenses of and , respectively. 

The future minimum operating lease commitments
for operating leases having initial or non-cancelable terms in excess of one year are as follows: 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: interest 

Total present value of lease liabilities 

Nil and ,
respectively for the issuance of restricted and unrestricted common stock to consultants and advisor for services which has been
recorded as general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Stock Incentive
Plan 

On July 29, 2021, the Company adopted
a 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the Plan to provide employees and consultants of the Company with an increased incentive to
make significant and extraordinary contributions to the long-term performance and growth of the Company. The maximum number of shares
which may be granted under the Plan shall be 5,000,000 shares in the aggregate of common stock of the Company. 

On July 29, 2021, the Company issued
 shares of restricted common stock to four consultants for incentive compensation at the current market value of 0.22 per share
and charged as stock-based compensation expense. 

On September 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Employee Stock Incentive Plan to its consultants. Management recognized
that the issuance was incorrect as it exceeded its mandate with the prior Form S-8 registration statement with respect to the allowance
of shares registered. 

To rectify the above, the Board of Directors approved
the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan for Employees and Consultants and filed Form S-8 on June 30, 2022, to register 7,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock to four consultants for incentive compensation at the
current market value of 0.24 per share and charged as stock-based compensation expense and proceeded to cancel the 7,000,000
shares of Common Stock that was incorrectly issued. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

On August 23, 2021, the Company issued
 shares of restricted common stock to an independent advisory company for advisory service rendered at the current market value
of 0.28 per share and charged as stock-based compensation expense. 

preferred shares of par value. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

The Company has been authorized to issue 1,000,000
shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A shares have the following preferences: no dividend rights; no liquidation preference
over the Company s common stock; no conversion rights; no redemption rights; no call rights by the Company; each share of Series
A Preferred stock will have one hundred (100) votes on all matters validly brought to the Company s common stockholders. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total number
of Series A preferred shares issued and outstanding was shares. 

Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Company has authorized shares of
Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series B shares have the following preferences: (i) dividend rights in pari passu with the Company s
common stock on an as converted basis, (ii) liquidation preference over the Company s common stock, (iii) conversion rights of 10
shares of common stock for each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock converted, (iv) no redemption rights, (v) no call rights,
(vi) each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will have 1,000 votes on all matters validly brought to the Company s common
stockholders. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total number
of Series B preferred shares issued and outstanding was shares and nil shares respectively. 

Common Stock 

The Company has authorized shares
of par value. Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held. There are no restrictions that limit the Company s
ability to pay dividends on its common stock, subject to the requirements of the Delaware Revised Statutes. The Company has not declared
any dividends since incorporation. 

Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement executed
on November 18, 2020, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of its common stock to the Shareholders of LTL in exchange for 10,000 shares
of all of the outstanding ordinary shares of LTL to consummate the reverse acquisition with LTL. 

On September 3, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate
of 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Employee Stock Incentive Plan to its consultants. On June 30, 2022
Management recognized that the issuance was incorrect as it exceeded its mandate with the prior Form S-8 registration statement with respect
to the allowance of shares registered. 

To rectify the above, the Board of Directors approved
the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan for Employees and Consultants and filed Form S-8 on June 30, 2022, to register 7,000,000 shares of Common
Stock. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock to employees and consultants for services rendered and
proceeded to cancel the 7,000,000 shares of Common Stock that was incorrectly issued. 

On October 6, 2021, the Company issued 1,003,378
shares of restricted common stock to Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC as commitment fee pursuant to the Purchase Agreement dated on the
same date. On November 3, 2022, the Company and Lincoln Park mutually agreed, in writing, to terminate the Agreements. On November 3,
2022, the Company and Lincoln Park mutually agreed, in writing, to terminate the Agreements. On February 13. 2023, the aggregate of 1,003,378
shares of restricted common stock was returned for cancellation. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had a total of and shares of its common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001
per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), of the Company pursuant to certain Debt Conversion Agreements, each dated
September 30, 2022 (the Debt Conversion Agreement ), between the Related Parties and the Company. Pursuant to the Board
Resolution dated September 28, 2022, approving the adoption of certain rights and preferences of Series B Preferred Shares, the Agreements
included the following rights: (i) dividend rights where each share of Series B Preferred Stock accrues an annual dividend of 8 and
(ii) redemption rights only at the option of the Company at a rate of 110 during the period ending 360 days after the Issue Date. The
price per Series B Preferred Stock is 0.80 USD. The Series B Preferred Shares were issued on September 30, 2022 in exchange for all or
a portion of the balances due to each Related Party as of June 30, 2022. Because all of the shareholders of the Series B Preferred Shares
are related parties of the company and majority owned by the the same majority owner of the Company, it's determined that the preferred
shareholders can control the Company's ability to exercise its redemption right at any time and therefore, mezzanine equity classification
is appropriate in accordance with ASC - 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

to . 

A summary of warrant activity for the periods
presented is as follows 

Forfeited, canceled, expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Forfeited, canceled, expired 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

There were no warrants exercisable at December
31, 2022. The intrinsic value of the warrants exercisable for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted loss per common share: 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

The tax benefits associated with losses generated
by the Company and its subsidiaries have been reduced by a full valuation allowance as we do not believe it is more-likely-than-not that
the losses will be utilized. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has
U.S. federal operating loss carryforwards of approximately , and , respectively. Due to U.S. enacted Public Law 115-97,
known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the TCJA in 2017, U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards in the amount of ,
generated after 2017 have an indefinite carryforward period. U.S. net operating loss carryforwards, in the amount of , generated
prior to 2018 will expire, if unused, beginning in 2034. State net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire, if unused, in 2034. 

At December 31, 2021, the Company s subsidiary
operating in Hong Kong has net operating loss carryforwards of which do not expire and therefore can be carried forward indefinitely.
The subsidiary was disposed during the year ended December 31 2022. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s
subsidiary operating in Malaysia has net operating loss of and , respectively. Net operating loss carryforwards will
begin to expire, if unused, in 2025. 

At December 31, 2022, the Company s subsidiary
operating in Bangladesh has net operating loss carryforwards of which can be carried forward for a maximum period of six years. 

The Company files tax returns as prescribed by
the tax laws of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Under applicable U.S. federal statutes, tax years ended December 31,
2018 through December 31, 2022 remain subject to examination. Under applicable state statutes, state corporate tax returns filed for the
Company for years ended December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022 remain subject to examination. Malaysia corporate tax returns remain
subject to examination for tax years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022. 

The Company follows the provision of ASC 740 which
prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, measure, present, and disclose in its financial statements uncertain
tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. The Company did not have any unrecognized tax positions or
benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued on any unrecognized tax benefits
as a component of income tax expense. We do not expect any material changes in our unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months. 

The Company s ability to utilize U.S. net
operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be deferred or limited significantly if the Company were to experience
an ownership change as defined in section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions
of state law. In general, an ownership change occurs when the ownership of the Company s stock by 5 percent or more shareholders
 5-percent shareholders exceeds 50 percentage points within a three-year period. We have not conducted a Section 382 study
to determine whether the use of our U.S. net operating losses is limited. We may have experienced ownership changes in the past, and we
may experience ownership changes in the future, some of which are outside our control. This could limit the amount of net operating losses
that we can utilize annually to offset future taxable income or tax liabilities. 

Due to Bru Haas (B) Sdn Bhd Bru Haas (B) 

Due to Bru Haas Sdn Bhd Bru Haas 

Due to Clicque Technology Snd Bhd Clicque 

Due to Tila Network Limited Tila Network 

Due to Porta Network Inc. Porta Network 

Due from Mr. Kamal Hamidon 

Due from Mr. Song Dai Mr. Song 

Due to Leet Entertainment Group Limited Leet HK 

Mr. Song is the director and major shareholder
of the Company, and he is also the major shareholder of Porta Capital, Bru Haas (B), Bru Haas, Tila Network, and Porta Network. Amount
due to these related companies are those trade and nontrade payables arising from transactions between the Company and the related companies,
such as advances made by the related companies on behalf of the Company, and advances made by the Company on behalf of the related companies.
Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have no fixed terms of repayment. 

The advances to Mr. Song is mainly for working
capital purpose. The advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have no fixed terms of repayment. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company issued to Porta
Capital Limited, Bru Haas (B) Sdn Bhd, Bru Haas Sdn Bhd, Clicque Technology Sdn Bhd, Tilla Network Limited and Porta Network Inc., the
Company s related parties (collectively as the Related Parties ), an aggregate of shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Series B Preferred Stock ), of the Company pursuant to certain Debt Conversion
Agreements, each dated September 30, 2022 (the Debt Conversion Agreement ), between the Related Parties and the Company.
The effect of the Debt Conversion Agreement is that all or a portion of the Related party balances has been converted to Series B Convertible
Preferred Shares. 

In the ordinary course of business, during the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company involved with certain transactions, either at cost or current market prices and on
the normal commercial terms among related parties. The following table provides the transactions with these parties for the years as
presented (for the portion of such period that they were considered related): 

Research and development consulting fee to related parties: 

- Porta Capital 
 (a) 

Consultancy fee to related parties 

- Clicque 
 (b) 

Rent expense of Matchroom platform server to related parties: 

- Porta Capital 
 (c) 

- Bru Haas (B) 
 (d) 

Total 

Network Bandwidth expense to Bru Haas (B) 
 (e) 

Whitelabel project-smart project cost to Bru Haas (B) 

Director fee 

- Elain Binti Lockman 

[ ] 

- Ganesha 

[ ] 

- Kamal Hamidon 

[ ] 

- Ding Jung Long 

[ ] 

Total 

[ ] 

Both platform server rent expense and network
bandwidth expense are recorded in the cost of revenue. 

(a) The Company entered a consultancy service
agreement with Porta Capital for a fixed period of 56 months commenced from May 1, 2017. The consultancy service fee is 3,000 per month
and the agreement was renewed for another fixed period of 21 months from April 1 2022 with 3,000 per month. 

(b) The Company entered two separate consultancy
service agreements with Clicque for a fixed period of 36 months each commenced from June 1, 2021 and December 1, 2021. The consultancy
service fees are RM 40,000 (equivalent to approximately 9,700) per month and RM 15,000 (equivalent to approximately 3,600) per month,
respectively. 

(c) The Company entered a platform server rental
agreement with Porta Capital for a fixed period of 60 months commenced from November 1 2017. The rent is 6,500 per month and the agreement
was renewed for another fixed period of 60 months from March 1, 2021 with 9,500 per month. 

(d) The Company entered a platform server rental
agreement with Bru Haas (B) for a fixed period of 60 months commenced from July 1, 2021. The rent is 20,000 per month. 

The Company entered a security operations center
service agreement with Bru Haas (B) for a fixed period of 12 months commenced from February 17, 2022. The rent is 4,705 per month. 

(e) The Company entered a network bandwidth rental
agreement with Bru Haas (B) for a fixed period of 12 months commenced from January 1, 2022. The rent is 18,000 per month. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
utilized space on a rent-free basis in the office located at Unite 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia which owns by Mr. Song. The fair market value of the rent is RM1,500 per month. 

Customer B 

Total: 

Total: 

Year ended December 31, 2021 

December 31, 
 2021 

Customers 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

Customer A 

Customer B 

Total: 

Total: 

(b) 
 Economic and political risk 

The Company s major operations are conducted
in Hong Kong and Malaysia. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong and Malaysia, as well as the general
state of Hong Kong and Malaysia s economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

(c) 
 Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD, TAKA and
MYR converted to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without
notice. 

(d) 
 Concentration of credit risk 

Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash. The Company maintains cash with various financial institutions
in Hong Kong and Malaysia. Cash are maintained with high credit quality institutions, the composition and maturities of which are regularly
monitored by management. The Hong Kong Deposit Protection Board and Perbadanan Insurans Deposit Malaysia PIDM pays compensation
up to a limit of HK 500,000 and RM250,000, respectively if the bank with which an individual/a company hold its eligible deposit fails.
At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have deposit funds that exceeded the insured limits in Hong Kong and Malaysia. 

restricted shares, 1 of the outstanding shares of the common stock,
upon execution of the agreement. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is committed to issue additional restricted shares of 1 
of the outstanding shares of its common stock upon a successful listing of the Company s common stock to a national exchange (NASDAQ
or NYSE). 

On November 4, 2022 (the
 Issue Date ), Leet Technology Inc. (the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November
4, 2022 (the SPA ), by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (the Investor ).
Pursuant to the SPA, among other things, the Company agreed to issue to the Investor a convertible note in the principal amount of .00
(the Note and together with the SPA, the Agreements ). The Note contains an original issue discount amount
of .00, legal fees payable to Investor s legal counsel of .00 and to Investor a due diligence fee of .00. The
Note accrues interest at an annual interest rate of and a default rate of 22 , and matures on (the Maturity
Date ). The Investor may convert the Note into shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common
Stock ), 180 days after the Issue Date until the later of (i) Maturity Date and (ii) the date the Company pays any amounts owed
in connection with an event of default. The per share conversion price into which the Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock
(the Conversion Price is 75 multiplied by the average of the lowest three closing bid prices for the Common Stock during
the ten trading days ending on the last trading day prior to the conversion date. The Company has the right to prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the Note, plus any accrued interest on the outstanding principal (including any default interest) at a rate of (x)
110 during the period ending 60 days after the Issue Date, (y) 115 during the period between 61 days and 180 days after the Issue Date
and (z) 120 during the period between 180 days and 730 days after the Issue Date. 

F- 31 

ITEM 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Based
on information provided by the Registrant s independent registered public accounting firm, Friedman LLP Friedman ),
effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered
public accounting firm as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marcum. On November 7, 2022, the Audit Committee of the Registrant s Board
of Directors (i) dismissed Friedman and (ii) engaged Marcum to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Registrant
and to provide to the Registrant the services previously provided to the Registrant by Friedman. 

Neither
of Friedman s reports on the financial statements of the Registrant for either of the past two fiscal years ended, respectively,
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope, or accounting principles. 

During
the Registrant s two most recent fiscal years ended, respectively, December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through November 7, 2022, there were no disagreements with Friedman
on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s),
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement(s) in
connection with its report. 

During the
Registrant s two most recent fiscal years ended, respectively, December 31,
2020 and December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through November 7, 2022, there were no reportable events (as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

During
the Registrant s two most recent fiscal years ended, respectively, December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through November 7, 2022, neither the Registrant nor anyone on its behalf
has consulted with Marcum with respect to either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed
or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Registrant s consolidated financial statements, and neither
a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Registrant that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by the Registrant
in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of
a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and the related
instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

(a) Resignation of Previous Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Based
on information provided by the Registrant s previous independent registered public accounting firm, Friedman LLP Friedman ),
effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum LLP Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered
public accounting firm as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Marcum. On May 30, 2023 Marcum resigned as the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm of the Registrant. 

Neither
of Friedman s reports on the financial statements of the Registrant for either of the past two fiscal years ended, respectively,
December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, or was qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope, or accounting principles. 

During
the Registrant s two most recent fiscal years ended, respectively, December
31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through May 30, 2023, there were no disagreements with Friedman and
Marcum on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreement(s),
if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman and Marcum, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreement(s)
in connection with its report. 

22 

During
the Registrant s two most recent fiscal years ended, respectively, December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, and the subsequent interim period through May 30, 2023, there were no reportable events (as defined in
Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

(b) Engagement of New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
May 30, 2023, the Audit Committee approved the appointment of Simon Edward, LLP Simon Edward as the Registrant s
new independent registered public accounting firm. Prior to engaging Simon Edward, neither the Registrant nor anyone on its behalf
has consulted with Simon Edward with respect to either (i) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction,
either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Registrant s consolidated financial statements,
and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the Registrant that Simon Edward concluded was an important factor
considered by the Registrant in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that
was either the subject of a disagreement (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K and
the related instructions to Item 304 of Regulation S-K) or a reportable event (as
defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 

Conclusions Regarding the Effectiveness of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act, our management, including Dai, Song, our interim chief executive officer, and Jayaisvaran Muruhan, our interim
chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022. 

Disclosure controls and procedures refer to controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that
such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating and implementing possible
controls and procedures. 

Furthermore, smaller reporting companies face
additional limitations. Smaller reporting companies employ fewer individuals and find it difficult to properly segregate duties. Often,
one or two individuals control every aspect of the company s operation and are in a position to override any system of internal
control. Additionally, smaller reporting companies tend to utilize general accounting software packages that lack a rigorous set of software
controls. 

Management conducted its evaluation of disclosure
controls and procedures under the supervision of our interim chief executive officer and our interim chief financial officer. Based on
that evaluation, Mr. Song and Mr. Jayaisvaran concluded that, because our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective,
as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

23 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013 Framework issued in 2013. During our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, management
identified material weaknesses related to (i) the U.S. GAAP expertise of our internal accounting staff and interim chief financial officer,
(ii) our internal audit functions, (iii) lack of sufficient period-end financial reporting controls in place and (iv) lack of sufficient
reconciliation for related party transactions and intercompany transactions. In consequence, our internal controls over financial reporting
were not effective at December 31, 2022. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important
enough to merit attention by those responsible for oversight of the company s financial reporting. 

Remediation Plan 

Management has implemented remediation steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. Specifically, we expanded and improved the control process on period-end transaction
monitoring and recording for all accounts. We plan to engage personnel with knowledge of US GAAP to review the period-end and complex
or non-recurring transactions and to review and reconcile related party and intercompany transactions on a regular basis. 

In light of these material weaknesses, we performed
additional analyses and procedures in order to conclude that our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K were fairly stated in accordance with the U.S. GAAP. Accordingly, management believes
that despite our material weaknesses, our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are fairly
stated, in all material respects, in accordance with the U.S. GAAP. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject
to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company
to provide only management's report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in the Company's internal
control over financial reporting during the last quarterly period covered by this report that have materially affected, and therefore
has no significant impact on the company s financial report nor internal control. Under the new ownership and management, accounting
officer will provide monthly, quarterly, semi-annually, annually financial statements to our shareholders, CPA, and corporate management
to ensure accurate financial activities recorded. 

ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION 

There are no events required to be disclosed by
the Item. 

24 

PART III 

ITEM 10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors and Executive Officers 

All directors of our Company hold office until
the next annual meeting of the security holders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The officers of our Company
are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and executive
officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as follows: 

Name 
 Position Held 
with the Company 
 Age 
 Date First Elected or Appointed 
 
 Dai, SONG 
 Director 
 62 
 October 23, 2020 
 
 Dai, SONG 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 62 
 June 7, 2023 
 
 Jayaisvaran Muruhan 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 32 
 June 19, 2023 
 
 Ganesha Karuppiaya 
 Independent Director 
 41 
 July 29, 2021 
 
 Elaine Binti Lockman 
 Non-Executive Director 
 55 
 August 23, 2021 
 
 Daniel Pacheco 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 30 
 November 17, 2021 

Business Experience 

The following is a brief account of the education
and business experience during at least the past five years of each director, executive officer and key employee of our company, indicating
the person s principal occupation during that period, and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation
and employment were carried out. 

DAI, SONG-Director Interim CEO 

Dai SONG has served as Director of Bru-Haas, a
licensed Telecom Operator in Brunei since 2004 and Malaysia since 1998. He began his career at State Street Bank Trust in Boston
(1984-1986) handling custody services for Institutional Liquid Assets Goldman Sachs. 

From 1986 onwards, Mr. Song worked in Institutional
Real Estate Development Management in the Boston area. 

In 1991, he returned to Malaysia and was a consultant
for Arthur Andersen Co. He left to form private companies in the telecoms and IT sectors. As a serial entrepreneur, in 1997, Mr.
Song started Bru-Haas as a Telecom Wholesale Provider and has since expanded the network to North Asia, America, Middle East, and Africa. 

In 2013, as part of a Joint Venture between Brunei
International Gateway Sdn. Bhd. (now Unified National Networks) and Bru-Haas (B) Sdn Bhd, Mr. Dai SONG was the Managing Director of BIG
Singapore working with the consortium submarine cable networks of Asia America Gateway, South East Asia Japan Cable System as part of
Brunei representation. The consortium members include SingTel, Google, Telstra, Telekom Malaysia, China Telecom, Bharti, China Mobile,
PLDT, and other carriers. 

In 2020, he co-founded Leet Technology Limited LTL together with Mr. Ding Jung LONG to venture into eSports and social gaming which he strongly believes is a key driver
to increase growth in data consumption as part of the overall mobile growth. 

Mr. Song received his Bachelor of Science Management
(Finance and Accounting) in 1984 from the University of Massachusetts-Boston. 

We believe that Mr. Song brings to the Board his
deep telecom, finance, and business experience in the South East Asia region. 

25 

JAYAISVARAN MURUHAN-Interim CFO 

Effective June 19, 2023, Leet Technology Inc.
Company s Board of Directors (the Board appointed Mr. Jayaisvaran A/L Muruhan to serve as Interim Chief Financial
Officer, while the Board evaluates an expanded pool of candidates for the permanent position. 

 Mr. Jayaisvaran has 8 years of practical experience
in the accounting field for financial reporting and analysis, prepared budgets and forecasts, and financial planning. He holds Bachelor
of Accounting and Finance from Multimedia University, Cyberjaya, Malaysia. 

GANESHA KARUPPIAYA-Independent Director 

Mr. Karuppiaya began his career as a Senior Software
Engineer, developing web and networking applications. After about 2 years, he joined Bru-Haas (M) Sdn Bhd as a Technical Consultant/Presales
Engineer in 2007, supporting the company's telecommunications business functions, from pre-sales to the provision and after-sales support. 

During the newly introduced vertical, Ganesha
took on an additional role to lead the early RADTRIX Application Development and Integration with Clicque Technology Sdn Bhd, working
with Teleradiology clients to lead the team designing, preparing, and integrating the platform with existing Hospitality Information and
Radiology Information Systems. He currently leads the technical and application team to further improve and develop RADTRIX. 

In 2017, he joined LTL as a Chief Technology Officer CTO to spearhead the development of LTL s platform, and has since managed both external and internal development
teams, looked into new technologies and automations. On July 29, 2021, he was appointed to the Board of Directors as Independent Director.
He resigned as a CTO on July 29, 2021. 

Ganesha earned a Bachelor of Science degree in
Computer Science from Coventry University, England in 2005. 

ELAIN BINTI LOCKMAN
 Non-Executive Director 

Ms. Lockman has extensive experience in government-linked
organizations and start-up businesses, specifically in the areas of management and operations, business strategy, business development,
stakeholders relationship management (government, corporates influencers), branding, marketing and corporate communications. She
is the CEO and Co-founder of Ata Plus, an Equity Crowdfunding online platform. Previously, she has worked with The iAGroup, One Big Idea,
MSC Management Services, E E Good Works, Green Science, Media Shoppe, Packet One Networks, Digi, Gyro, Malaysia Debt Ventures, Globalb2b2c,
iPerinitis, MDEC, Petronas. 

Ms. Lockman is a non-Executive Director on the
board of Reservoir Link Berhad, a company listed on the ACE Market of Bursa Malaysia, as well as Daya Materials Berhad, a company listed
on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia. She was also on the Board of Western Union Payments Malaysia from 2012 till 2019, while being actively
involved in the start-up community, advising entrepreneurs in funding, strategy and operations. 

Ms. Lockman has an MSc in Operational Research
and BSc in Actuarial Science from the London School of Economics. 

26 

DANIEL
PACHECO - CTO 

Mr. Pacheco s career in Software Development
began in 2014. As a Software Engineer, he was involved in all stages of the software development life cycle to design and implement customer
management solutions. In 2017, he joined Xendity, a fintech start-up and e-KYC solution provider as a software engineer. He helped build
the core functionality of the fraud-detection system using machine learning models and algorithms. He continuously improved Xendity s
fraud-detection system, while establishing an Artificial Intelligence Department. Mr. Pacheco has overseen the growth of Xendity, which
was acquired in 2021 by a renown Malaysian publicly listed company, Green Packet Sdn. Bhd. 

He graduated with First-class Honors in Computer
Science from Birmingham City University, England in 2017, has participated in over 30 programming contests and won various awards from
across Europe. 

Term of Office 

Our directors hold office until the next annual
meeting or until their successors have been elected and qualified, or until they resign or are removed. Our board of directors appoints
our officers, and our officers hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify, or until their resignation or their removal. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
or officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our directors and executive officers have not
been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 Other than the involuntary bankruptcy proceeding mentioned herein, no bankruptcy petition has been filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: (i) any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or (iii) any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

27 

Committees 

All proceedings of the board of directors for
the year ended December 31, 2022 were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by the board of directors and filed with the minutes
of the proceedings of our board of directors. Our company currently does not have nominating, compensation or audit committees or committees
performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating, compensation or audit committee charter. Our board of directors
does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees because it believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately
performed by the board of directors. 

We do not have any defined policy or procedural
requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors believes that, given the
stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop
to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board
of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors will assess all
candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our
board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our president at the address appearing on the first page of this
annual report. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We established an audit committee of the board
of directors. The members of our audit committee are Mr. Dai Song and Ms. Elain Lockman. Mr. Dai Song serves as the Chairman of the audit
committee. We believe that the audit committee members are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial
statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. 

Nomination Procedures for Appointment of Directors 

As of December 31, 2022 we did not affect any
material changes to the procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a Code of Ethics, as required
by sections 406 and 407 of the Sarbanes -Oxley Act of 2002. Our management believes that the size of our company and current operations
at this time do not require a code of ethics to govern the behavior of our officers. We anticipate that we will adopt a code of ethics
once we are in a position to do so. 

28 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of
the Company s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common
stock and other equity securities of the Company. Officers, directors and greater than ten percent shareholders are required by SEC regulations
to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022
to the Company s knowledge, the following delinquencies occurred: 

Name 

No. of Late 
 Reports 

No. of 
 Transactions 
 Reported Late 

No. of 
 Failures to File 
 
 Song Dai 
 
 1 
 
 0 
 
 0 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Article Fourteen of our Articles of Incorporation
provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no director or officer shall be personally liable to the corporation or its shareholders
for damages for breach of any duty owed to the corporation or its shareholders. In addition, the corporation shall have the power, in
its bylaws or in any resolution of its stockholders or directors, to indemnify the officers and directors of the corporation against any
liability as may be determined to be in the best interests of this corporation, and in conjunction therewith, to buy, at the corporation s
expense, policies of insurance. 

Article XI of our Bylaws further addresses indemnification
of our directors and officers and allows us to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation
Law of Delaware. 

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
under the Securities Act of 1933 (the Act may be permitted to directors, officers and controlling persons of the small
business issuer pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the small business issuer has been advised that in the opinion of
the Securities and Exchange Commission such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. 

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The particulars of compensation paid to the following
persons: 

(a) 
 all individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

(b) 
 each of our two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers at December 31, 2022 and 2021 who had total compensation exceeding 100,000; and 

(c) 
 up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 

29 

Summary Compensation 

The following table provides a summary of the
compensation received by the persons set out therein for each of our last two fiscal years: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name 
 and Principal
 
 Position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 

Option 
 Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity
 
 Incentive
 
 Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Change in
 
 Pension 
 Value and
 
 Nonqualified
 
 Deferred 
 Compensation
 
 Earnings 
 ) 

All 
 Other 
 Compensation
 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Ding Jung, Long 

2022 

81,438 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

81,438 

CEO (1) 

2021 

95,613 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

95,613 

Kamal Hamidon 

2022 

49,085 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

49,085 

CFO 

2021 

52,152 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

52,152 

Dai, Song 

2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

CEO (2) 

2021 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Ganesha Karuppiaya 

2022 

13,635 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

13,635 

Independent Director (3) 

2021 

14,487 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

14,487 

Elaine Binti Lockman 

Non-Executive Director (4) 

2022 

-4,474- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-4,474- 

Daniel Pacheco 

Chief Technology Officer (5) 

2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

David Haridim 

2022 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

CEO, CFO and Secretary (6) 

2021 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

(1) 
 Mr. Ding Jung, Long was appointed as CEO on November 18,
 2020 

(2) 
 Mr. Dai, Song was appointed as director and CEO and CFO on October 23,
 2020 and resigned as CEO and CFO on November 18, 2020. 

(3) 
 On July 29, 2021, Mr. Ganesha Karuppiaya was appointed to the Board
 of Directors as Independent Director. He resigned as a Chief Technology Officer on July 29, 2021. 

(4) 
 On August 23, 2021, Ms. Elain Binti Lockman was appointed to the Board
 of Directors. 

(5) 
 On July 29, 2021, Mr. Daniel Pacheco was appointed as interim Chief
 Technology Officer. On November 17, 2021, the Company appointed Mr. Pacheco as permanent Chief Technology Officer. 

(6) 
 On January 2, 2019, Mr. David Haridim, the principal of Doheny Group,
 LLC, was appointed to our Board of Directors and as our sole executive officer. Since his appointment neither he nor Doheny Group,
 LLC has received any compensation from us as salary, royalties, stock, or otherwise. He resigned as CEO effective October 23, 2020. 

30 

Employment Contracts 

We established an audit committee of the board
of directors. The members of our audit committee are Mr. Dai Song and Ms. Elain Lockman. Mr. Dai Song serves as the Chairman of the audit
committee. We believe that the audit committee members are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our consolidated financial
statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. 

Director Compensation 

The following table sets forth director compensation
for 2022 and 2021: 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in
 Cash 
 ) 

Stock Awards 
 ) 

Option Awards 
 ) 

Non-Equity Incentive
 Plan Compensation 
 ) 

Nonqualified Deferred
 Compensation Earnings 
 ) 

All Other Compensation
 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 

Dai, Song (1) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Elaine Binti Lockman (2) 

-4474- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Ganesha Karuppiaya (3) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

David Haridim (4) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

(1) 
 Mr. Song was appointed as director as of October 23, 2020. 

(2) 
 On August 23, 2021, Ms. Elain Binti Lockman was appointed to the Board of Directors. 

(3) 
 On July 29, 2021, Mr. Ganesha Karuppiaya was appointed to the Board of Directors as Independent Director. He resigned as a Chief Technology Officer on July 29, 2021. 

(4) 
 On January 2, 2019, Mr. David Haridim, the principal of Doheny Group, LLC, was appointed to our Board of Directors and as our sole executive officer. He resigned effective October 23, 2020. 

31 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth certain information
concerning outstanding stock awards held by the Named Executive Officers on December 31, 2022: 

Option Awards 

Stock Awards 

Name 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Exercisable 

Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options 
 (#) 
 Unexercisable 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 (#) 

Option
 Exercise Price 
 ) 

Option Expiration Date 

Number
 of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 

Market
 Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 ) 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 (#) 

Equity
 Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That
 Have Not Vested 
 ) 

Dai, Song (1) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

N/A 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Elaine Binti Lockman (2) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

N/A 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

Ganesha Karuppiaya (3) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

N/A 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

David Haridim (4) 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

N/A 

N/A 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

-0- 

(1) 
 Mr. Song was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer,
 Secretary and Director on October 23, 2020. He resigned all executive offices except as director on November 18, 2020. 

(2) 
 On August 23, 2021, Ms. Elain Binti Lockman was appointed to the Board
 of Directors. 

(3) 
 On July 29, 2021, Mr. Ganesha Karuppiaya was appointed to the Board
 of Directors as Independent Director. He resigned as a Chief Technology Officer on July 29, 2021. 

(4) 
 On January 2, 2019, Mr. David Haridim, the principal of Doheny Group,
 LLC, was appointed to our Board of Directors and as our sole executive officer. Mr. Haridam resigned as an officer and director.
 Neither he nor Doheny Group, LLC received any compensation from us as salary, royalties, stock, or otherwise. He resigned effective
 October 23, 2020. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

There were no outstanding stock options or stock
appreciation rights granted to our executive officers and directors at December 31, 2022. 

Aggregated Option Exercises 

There were no options exercised by any officer
or director of our company during our twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. 

Long-Term Incentive Plan 

On July 29, 2021, we adopted a 2021 Stock Incentive
Plan for Employees and Consultants (2021 ESIP) where we filed an S-8 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
registering 5,000,000 shares of common stock that were approved to be awarded under the 2021 ESIP. Pursuant to the 2021 ESIP, a total
of 3,095,000 shares were issued to 4 of its employees and consultants. 

On June 14, 2022, we adopted a 2022 Stock Incentive
Plan for Employee and Consultants (2022 ESIP) where we filed an S-8 registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission
registering 7,000,000 shares of common stock that were approved to be awarded under the 2022 ESIP. On June 30, 2022, the Company issued
a total of 7,000,000 shares of its Common Stock to 4 of its employees and consultants. 

32 

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth, as of August 4,
2023, certain information with respect to our equity securities owned of record or beneficially by (i) each Officer and Director of the
Company; (ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of each class of the Company s outstanding equity securities; and (iii)
all Directors and Executive Officers as a group. 

The following table sets forth, as of August 4,
2023 certain information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common shares by each shareholder known by us to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5 of our common shares, as well as by each of our current directors and executive officers as a group. Each person
has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists
of a direct interest in the shares of common stock, except as otherwise indicated. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and Nature of 
Beneficial Ownership 

Percentage 
of Class (1) 

Dai SONG (1) 
 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
 Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia. 
 Common Stock 

112,617,521 
 (2) 

80.2 

Kamal Hamidon 
 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
 Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia 

1,000,000 

0.7 

Ganesha Karuppiaya 
 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
 Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia 

1,000,000 

0.7 

Dai SONG 
 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
 Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia. 
 Series A Preferred Stock 

1,000,000 

Bruhaas (B) Sdn. Bhd. 
 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
 Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia. 
 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

2,891,597 

Porta Capital Limited 

 805, 8 th Floor, Menara Mutiara Majestic, Jalan Othman, Petaling
Jaya 46000, Selangor, Malaysia. 

 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock 

2,541,194 

Directors and officers as a group (common stock) 

115,417,521 

82.2 

_______________ 

(1) 
 Under Rule 13d-3, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. 

(2) 
 The total includes 2,000,000 shares issued to Dai Song for his interest in Leet Technology Limited. 

The issuer is not aware of any person who owns
of record, or is known to own beneficially, ten percent or more of the outstanding securities of any class of the issuer, other than as
set forth above. The issuer is not aware of any person who controls the issuer as specified in Section 2(a)(1) of the 1940 Act. The Company
does not have an investment advisor. 

33 

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Corporate Governance 

As of December 31, 2022, our Board of Directors
consisted of Song Dai, Ganesha Karuppiaya and Elain Lockman.. As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any directors that qualified as
 independent directors as the term is used in NASDAQ rule 5605(a)(2). 

ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES 

Audit fees 

The aggregate fees billed for the two most recently
completed fiscal periods for professional services rendered by Simon Edward LLP for the year ended December 31, 2022, and Friedman
LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, quarterly reviews of
our interim consolidated financial statements and services normally provided by the independent accountant in connection with statutory
and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees and Audit Related Fees Friedman LLP 
 386,356 
 50,000 
 
 Audit Fees and Audit Related Fees Simon Edward LLP 
 101,000 
 0 
 
 Tax Fees Simon Edward LLP 
 6,500 
 0 
 
 All Other Fees 
 0 
 0 
 
 Total 
 493,856 
 50,000 

In the above table, audit fees are
fees billed by our company s external auditor for services provided in auditing our company s annual consolidated financial
statements for the subject year. Audit-related fees are fees not included in audit fees that are billed by the auditor for
assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit review of our company s consolidated
financial statements. Tax fees are fees billed by the auditor for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax
advice and tax planning. All other fees are fees billed by the auditor for products and services not included in the foregoing
categories. 

34 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

For a list of financial statements
and supplementary data filed as part of this Annual Report, see the Index to Financial Statements beginning at page F-1 of this Annual
Report. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement
Schedules 

We do not have any financial
statement schedules required to be supplied under this Item. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

Refer to (b) below. 

Item No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement between Leet Entertainment and Kamal Hamidon Bin
 Mohamed Ali 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement between Leet Entertainment and Long Ding Jung 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between Leet Entertainment and Ganesha Karuppiaya 

31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification required by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

101. 
 
 Inline Interactive Data Files for the Company s Form 10-K. 
 
 _______________ 

 Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K for
fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed on March 12, 2021 

35 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Blow Drive Interlock Corporation 

Dated: August 4, 2023 
 
 /s/ Dai SONG 

By: 
 Dai SONG 

Its: 
 Interim CEO 

Dated: August 4, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jayaisvaran Muruhan 

By: 
 Jayaisvaran Muruhan 

Its: 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

In accordance with the Exchange
Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Dated: August 4, 2023 
 
 /s/ Dai Song 

By: 
 Dai Song, Director 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 leet_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Dai SONG, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leet Technology Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 4, 2023 

/s/ Dai SONG 

Dai SONG 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 leet_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jayaisvaran Muruhan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Leet Technology Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 4, 2023 

/s/ Jayaisvaran Muruhan 

Jayaisvaran Muruhan 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 leet_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ding Jung LONG, hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Leet Technology Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Leet Technology Inc. 

Dated: August 4, 2023 
 
 /s/ Dai SONG 

Dai SONG 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Leet Technology Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Leet Technology Inc. and will be retained
by Leet Technology Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 leet_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Kamal Hamidon, hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Leet Technology Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Leet Technology Inc. 

Dated: August 4, 2023 
 
 /s/ Jayaisvaran Muruhan 

Jayaisvaran Muruhan 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Leet Technology Inc. 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Leet Technology Inc. and will be retained
by Leet Technology Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ltes-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ltes-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ltes-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ltes-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

