<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230907_10-K_edgar_data_1138723_0000950170-23-047052.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26479536</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>633921</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3935832</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12749108</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3133393</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5412501</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-047052.hdr.sgml : 20230907
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230907165609
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-047052
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230907
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230907

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACCURAY INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138723
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				208370041
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33301
		FILM NUMBER:		231242908

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1240 DEMING WAY
		CITY:			MADISON
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53717
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087164600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1310 CHESAPEAKE TERRACE
		CITY:			SUNNYVALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94089

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-047052.txt : 20230907

10-K
 1
 aray-20230630.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrants telephone number, including area code: 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non affiliates of the registrant based on the last sale price for such stock on December 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was: . S hares of the registrant s common stock held by each executive officer, director and 5 stockholder have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 A s of August 31, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value, was . 

Table of Contents 
 
 ACCURAY INCORPORATED 
 YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 
 FORM 10 K 
 ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF C ONTENTS 

Page No. 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 25 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 63 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 63 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 63 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 63 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 64 

Item 6. 
 
 [RESERVED] 
 
 65 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 65 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 75 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 77 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 116 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 116 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 117 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 117 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 119 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 119 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 119 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 119 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 119 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 120 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 123 

Signatures 
 
 124 

We own or have rights to various trademarks and tradenames used in our business in the United States or other countries, including the following: Accuray , Accuray Logo , CyberKnife , Hi Art , RoboCouch , Synchrony , TomoTherapy , Xsight , Accuray Precision , AutoSegmentation , CTrue , H Series, iDMS , InCise , Iris , CyberKnife M6 Series, Accuray OIS Connect , PreciseART , PreciseRTX , Treatment Planning System , TomoDirect , TomoEDGE , TomoH , TomoHD , TomoHDA , TomoHelical , TomoTherapy Quality Assurance , Radixact , Onrad , S7 , and VoLO . 
 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10 K includes forward looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including, but not limited to, statements regarding expectations and beliefs regarding the effect of macroeconomic conditions, including the COVID-19 pandemic and the related responses of governments and private industry on our operations and financial results as well as the markets and industry in general; future revenues and expenses, including our expectations regarding timing of recognition of revenue from performance obligations; our sales, distribution and marketing efforts; reimbursement rates and its effects on our business; regulatory requirements, including our compliance with applicable regulations; future orders and expectations regarding our book-to-bill ratio; the radiation therapy market; expectations regarding the economic impact of cancer; our strategy; our products and offerings, including their capabilities and benefits and anticipated benefits to patients and physicians; the factors that contribute to the long-term success of our products; our suppliers and manufacturing facilities; our intellectual property rights; the expected impact of changes in laws and regulations, including regulatory and tax laws; our expectations regarding litigation matters; our expectations regarding future capital requirements; our expectations regarding our liquidity and capital resources; our earnings or other financial results; our expectations regarding new products and features; our expectations regarding our joint venture with CNNC High Energy Equipment (Tianjin) Co., Ltd (the JV ); our expectations regarding our debt, including our outstanding convertible notes and credit facility; our expectations regarding the effects of foreign currency fluctuations; and other statements using words such as anticipates, believes, can, could, estimates, expects, forecasts, intends, may, plans, projects, seek, should, will and would, and words of similar import and the negatives thereof. Accuray Incorporated we, our, or the Company has based these forward looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends affecting the financial condition of our business. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by, which such performance or results will be achieved. Factors that could contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this report. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10 K and are subject to business and economic risks. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements to reflect any event or circumstance that arises after the date of this report except as required by applicable law. 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PAR T I 
 Item 1. BUSINESS 
 The Company 
 Accuray Incorporated is a radiation therapy company that develops, manufactures, sells and supports market-changing solutions that are designed to deliver radiation treatments for even the most complex cases, while making commonly treatable cases even more straightforward, to meet the full spectrum of patient needs. We believe in comparison to conventional linear accelerators, our treatment delivery, planning, and data management solutions provide better accuracy, flexibility, and control; fewer treatments with shorter treatment times; and the technology to expand beyond cancer, making it easier for clinical teams around the world to provide treatments that help patients get back to living their lives, faster. 
 Our solutions are designed to advance patient care: during each individual treatment, throughout the treatment process, and at each stage of the cancer treatment journey, from curative to palliative treatments. Our solutions include: 
 Novel artificial intelligence driven radiation therapy systems that automatically adapt treatment delivery for targets that move, synchronizing the radiation beam with the target s motion in real-time throughout treatment delivery. 

Powerful treatment planning software and optimizer that reduces the time to create high quality treatment plans and the time it takes to deliver patient treatments as compared to the prior planning software, so clinicians can treat more patients each day. 

One-of-a-kind imaging solution designed to produce exceptional diagnostic-like quality CT images, quickly and cost-effectively. 

Automated tools that help to identify the interfraction changes for which re-planning is clinically beneficial and facilitate adaptation of the radiation dose precisely to the patient s tumor. 

Distinctive software that accelerates and automates the re-planning process to make re-treatment of a previously irradiated area more efficient for practices and more effective for patients. 

Advanced architecture that accommodates third party surface guidance interfaces that can enable Deep Inspiration Breath Hold DIBH for highly accurate and precise breast treatments. 

Our innovative technologies, the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, including the Radixact System, our next generation TomoTherapy platform, are designed to deliver advanced treatments, including stereotactic radiosurgery SRS ), stereotactic body radiation therapy SBRT ), intensity modulated radiation therapy IMRT ), image-guided radiation therapy IGRT ), and adaptive radiation therapy ART ). The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms have complementary clinical applications with the same goal: to empower our customers to deliver the most precise and accurate treatments while still minimizing dose to healthy tissue, helping to reduce the risk of side effects that may impact patients quality of life. Each of these systems serve patient populations treated by the same medical specialty, radiation oncology, with advanced capabilities. The CyberKnife platform is also used by neurosurgeons specializing in radiosurgery to treat patients with tumors in the brain and spine, and neurologic and/or endocrine disorders. In addition to these products, we also provide services, which include post-contract customer support (warranty period services and post-warranty services), installation services, training, and other professional services. 
 We were incorporated in California in 1990 and commenced operations in 1992. We reincorporated in Delaware in 2007. Our principal offices in the United States are located in Madison, Wisconsin and Sunnyvale, California. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our goal is to develop equipment and technology that enable physicians to deliver precise and accurate, customized, leading edge treatments that help patients with cancerous or benign tumors, or neurologic or endocrine disorders, get back to living their lives, faster. We endeavor to achieve this goal by expanding the clinical options for healthcare providers, helping them offer the best radiation treatment for each patient and by providing patients with treatment tailored to their specific 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 needs. Our vision is to expand the curative power of radiation therapy to improve as many lives as possible. We believe our current technologies and our future innovations can help to achieve this. Some of the key elements of our strategy include the following: 
 Increase physician adoption and patient awareness to drive utilization. We are continually working to increase adoption and awareness of our systems and demonstrate their advantages over other treatment methods, including more conventional approaches. We hold and sponsor symposia and educational meetings and support clinical studies to demonstrate the clinical benefits of our systems. We regularly meet with clinicians to educate them on the expanded versatility that our systems offer in comparison to more traditional radiation therapy products or surgery. We are continuously expanding our digital and social presence to reach and educate a broader audience of physicians and patients. To support awareness of all our product offerings, we assist our customers with increasing patient awareness in their communities by providing them with tools to develop marketing and educational campaigns. 
 Continue to expand the radiosurgery market. The CyberKnife System is a robotic radiosurgery system capable of treating tumors throughout the body. There is an extensive body of published literature supporting the use of the CyberKnife System in the treatment of various targets, including cancers, benign tumors, or functional diseases. Radiosurgery is a commonly used procedure among neurosurgeons, specializing in radiosurgery, who require the high level of precision found with surgery, yet want to offer their brain tumor patients a non-invasive option. With more than two decades of clinical evidence, the CyberKnife System offers distinct advantages in the treatment of diseases in the head, base of the skull, and spine. These areas of the body require extremely accurate treatment because of the proximity of the tumors to critical radiosensitive structures that may impact a person s ability to perform basic functions and to think, see, hear, walk and breathe. 
 Continue to innovate through clinical development and collaboration. The clinical success of our products is largely the result of the collaborative partnerships we have developed over the last decade with clinicians, researchers and patients. We proactively seek out and rely on constructive feedback from system users to learn what is needed to enhance the technology. As a result of this collaborative process, we continually refine and upgrade our systems, thereby improving our competitive position in the radiation therapy and radiosurgery markets. Upgrades to our systems are designed to address customer needs in the areas of improving the ease of use and accuracy of treatment, decreasing treatment times, and improving utilization for specific types of tumors. 
 Expand sales in international markets. We intend to continue to increase our sales and distribution capabilities outside of the United States to take advantage of the large international opportunity for our products. Outside of the United States, we currently have regional offices in Morges, Switzerland, Hong Kong, China, Shanghai, China and Tokyo, Japan and direct sales staff in most countries in Western Europe, Japan, India and Canada, combined with distributors in Eastern Europe, Russia, the Middle East, the Asia Pacific region, and Latin America. Many of these countries however, are not highly developed at this time and therefore, sales opportunities may be limited. We intend to increase our international revenue by focused additions of direct sales personnel in targeted areas to further penetrate our most promising international markets, and additional distributors strategic partnerships, or joint ventures, where opportune. 
 Strategic partnerships and joint ventures. We intend to pursue strategic partnerships and joint ventures we believe will allow us to complement our growth strategy, increase sales in our current markets and expand into adjacent markets, broaden our technology and intellectual property, and strengthen our relationships with our customers. 
 In fiscal 2016, we signed an agreement with RaySearch Laboratories AB, which led to the integration of treatment planning support for the TomoTherapy, Radixact and CyberKnife Systems in the RayStation Treatment Planning System TPS as well as interface to the RayCare Oncology Information System OIS ). In fiscal 2017, we signed an agreement with Photo Diagnostic Systems, Incorporated to enhance image quality of our TomoTherapy System through an enhanced image reconstruction software. 

In fiscal 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Accuray Asia Limited Accuray Asia ), entered into an agreement with CNNC High Energy Equipment (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (the CIRC Subsidiary ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Isotope Radiation Corporation, to form a joint venture, CNNC Accuray (TianJin) Medical Technology Co. Ltd. (the JV ), to manufacture and sell radiation oncology systems in China. 

In fiscal 2021, we announced a collaboration with Brainlab to enhance and expand the CyberKnife platform s capabilities for the neuro-radiosurgery market. In fiscal 2022, we signed an agreement with C-RAD to provide 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 customers with a solution for deep inspiration breath hold DIBH using the C-RAD Catalyst+ HD and Radixact System and with Limbus AI to augment our adaptive radiotherapy capabilities by leveraging Limbus artificial intelligence AI )-driven autocontouring algorithms, which is expected to enable automated contouring to further streamline the treatment planning process. 

In fiscal 2023, we announced a global, commercial partnership with GE Healthcare, intended to enable both companies to advance personalized cancer care and offer solutions throughout the care pathway from precision diagnostics, precision treatment planning, and delivery to precision monitoring post-treatment. 

Our Products 
 From oncology to radiosurgery and beyond, our solutions enable clinicians to deliver shorter, more personalized, and more effective treatments. Our suite of radiation delivery devices includes the CyberKnife System and our next generation TomoTherapy platform, the Radixact System. In addition, our portfolio includes comprehensive software solutions to enable and enhance the precise and efficient radiotherapy treatments with our advanced delivery systems. 
 The CyberKnife Platform 
 The CyberKnife platform is the only robotic, full-body SRS and SBRT delivery device on the market. The latest generation is the CyberKnife S7 System, which combines speed, advanced precision, and real-time AI-driven motion tracking and synchronized treatment delivery for all SRS and SBRT treatments, in as little as 15 minutes. The platform is designed to treat cancerous and benign tumors throughout the body, as well as neurologic and endocrine disorders. The use of SRS and SBRT with the CyberKnife platform to treat tumors throughout the body has grown significantly in recent years. SRS and SBRT are performed on an outpatient basis in a limited number of treatment sessions - typically 1-5 fractions. They enable the treatment of patients who might not otherwise be treated with radiation, who may not be good candidates for surgery, or who desire a non-surgical treatment option. 
 The CyberKnife S7 System is available for sale in most major markets globally. The system includes disease-specific tracking and treatment delivery solutions for brain, spine, lung and prostate tumors, improvements in treatment speed as compared to earlier systems, more options to configure the treatment room, and expanded number of nodes leading to more coverage and minimizing the dose to healthy tissue. The CyberKnife S7 System has the option of fixed collimators plus the Iris Variable Aperture Collimator and/or InCise multi-leaf collimators MLC ). With the addition of the InCise MLC, the CyberKnife S7 System is designed to enable the treatment of larger tumors that were previously thought untreatable with radiosurgery and SBRT. The InCise MLC and IMRT planning tools are designed to enable expansion of indications that can be treated with a CyberKnife platform to include many IMRT indications. 
 Using our Synchrony real-time target tracking with dynamic delivery technology and computer controlled robotic mobility, the CyberKnife platform is designed to deliver radiation from a wide array of beam angles and autonomously track, detect and correct for even the slightest tumor and patient movement in real time throughout the entire treatment. This design is intended to enable the CyberKnife platform to deliver high dose radiation with sub-millimeter precision and accuracy, which minimizes damage to surrounding healthy tissue and eliminates the need for invasive head or body immobilization frames. 
 The Accuray Precision Treatment Planning System TPS with the VOLO Optimizer software on the CyberKnife S7 System enables customers to significantly improve operational efficiency by reducing both the time to create high quality treatment plans and the time it takes to deliver patient treatments. The next-generation TPS with the VOLO Optimizer facilitates the development of clinically optimal treatment plans up to an estimated 90 percent faster than before and the delivery of the treatment up to an estimated 50 percent faster than before the availability of this software. 
 We believe the CyberKnife platform offers clinicians and patients the following benefits over other vendors radiation therapy systems in the market: 
 The only truly robotic system in the market. The CyberKnife platform features a compact linear accelerator mounted on a highly maneuverable robotic arm that moves around the resting patient while delivering isocentric or non-isocentric, non coplanar treatment radiation beams from potentially thousands of unique angles, tailoring radiation delivery to minimize the dose to healthy tissue, while maintaining sub millimeter accuracy and precision even for targets that move during treatment. 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We believe the CyberKnife platform is the clinical solution to choose when accuracy, flexibility, speed, and patient comfort are essential. 
 Treatment of inoperable or surgically complex tumors. The CyberKnife platform may be used to target tumors that cannot be easily treated with traditional surgical techniques because of their location, number, size, shape or proximity to vital tissues or organs, or because of the age or health of the patient. The CyberKnife platform s intelligent robotics enable the precise targeting of a tumor, while at the same time minimizing damage to surrounding healthy tissue. 
 Treatment of tumors throughout the body. The CyberKnife platform has been cleared by the Food and Drug Administration FDA to provide treatment planning and image guided radiation treatment for tumors anywhere in the body where radiation treatment is indicated. By comparison, traditional frame based radiosurgery systems are generally limited to treating brain tumors with some using cobalt 60 radioactive material, which decays over time and is difficult to replace. The CyberKnife platform is being used for the treatment of primary and metastatic tumors outside the brain, including tumors on or near the spine and in the breast, kidney, liver, lung, pancreas and prostate, in addition to tumors in the brain, with the same sub millimeter accuracy in every disease site. 
 Real time tracking of tumor movement. The CyberKnife platform is designed to accommodate all forms of patient and tumor motion, even while the treatment is being delivered. With the Accuray-exclusive Synchrony artificial intelligence (AI)-driven tumor tracking with dynamic delivery technology, the CyberKnife platform enables smaller treatment margins around the tumor, minimizing the amount of healthy tissue exposed to high-dose radiation. 
 Significant patient benefits. The CyberKnife platform is designed to maximize patient comfort. Patients may be treated with the CyberKnife platform on an outpatient basis without anesthesia and without the risks and complications inherent in traditional surgery. Patients do not require substantial pretreatment preparation, and typically there is little to no recovery time or hospital stay associated with CyberKnife platform s treatments. In addition, the CyberKnife platform eliminates the need for an invasive rigid frame to be screwed into the patient s skull or affixed to other parts of the body, or gating instruments. 
 Additional revenue generation through increased patient volumes. We believe clinical use of the CyberKnife platform allows our customers to effectively treat patients where extreme precision and ability to account for motion are important, and patients who otherwise would not have been treated with radiation or who may not have been good candidates for surgery. 
 Upgradeable modular design. The CyberKnife platform has a modular design that facilitates the implementation of upgrades that often do not require our customers to purchase an entirely new system to gain the benefits of new features. We continue to work to develop and offer new clinical capabilities enhancing ease of use, reducing treatment times, improving accuracy and improving patient access. The main components and options of the CyberKnife platform include: compact X band linear accelerator; robotic manipulator arm, real time image guidance system with continuous target tracking and correction; imaging sources and detectors. 
 Key features of the main components include: 
 Compact X-band linear accelerator. The CyberKnife S7 System utilizes a compact X-band linear accelerator (linac) mounted on a robotic manipulator arm. The side-coupled-cavity radiofrequency standing wave linac is fitted with a triode electron gun, demountable target, and demountable radiofrequency window. 
 Robotic manipulator arm. The robotic manipulator arm, with six degrees of freedom range of movement, is designed to move around the patient to position the linac and direct the radiation with an extremely high level of precision and repeatability. The manipulator arm provides what we believe to be a unique method of positioning the linac to deliver doses of radiation from nearly any direction and position, without the limitations inherent in gantry based systems, creating a non isocentric composite dose pattern with a high level of conformance to the shape of each treated tumor. This flexibility enhances the ability to diversify beam trajectories and beam entrance and exit points, helping to minimize risks of radiation damage to healthy cells near the tumor. Furthermore, the rapid response time of the manipulator arm allows tracking of tumors that are prone to movement. 
 7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Real time image guidance system with continuous target tracking and correction. Without the need for clinician intervention or treatment interruption, Synchrony is designed to enable continuous monitoring and correction for patient and tumor movements throughout each treatment as it is being delivered. Our patented image guidance technology correlates low dose, real time treatment X-rays with images previously taken with a CT scan of the tumor and surrounding tissue to direct each beam of radiation with increased precision versus treatments without this real time feedback. This, in turn, enables delivery of a highly conformal, non-isocentric dose of radiation to the tumor, minimizing radiation delivered to surrounding healthy tissue. Synchrony is the only technology that uses artificial intelligence, through image guidance, to automatically adapt and synchronize the treatment delivery beam position to the target location precisely and accurately during the delivery of a treatment fraction. The beams of radiation are delivered continuously throughout the treatment session as the patient behaves naturally. The Synchrony technology provides what we believe is unsurpassed clinical accuracy for lung tumors that move with respiration without the need for implanted fiducials. It makes it possible and practical for clinicians to deliver radiation dose with sub-millimeter precision and accuracy, even for tumors that are prone to movement. 
 Imaging sources. The low energy X ray sources generate the images that help determine the location of bony or other anatomic landmarks, or implanted fiducials, which are used for tracking throughout the entire treatment. 
 Imaging detectors. The image detectors capture high resolution anatomical images throughout the treatment. These live images are continually compared to the patient s CT scan to determine real time patient positioning. Based on this information, the robotic manipulator automatically corrects for detected movements. 
 In addition to the main components listed above, we also offer the following components and options: Lung Optimized Treatment; Synchrony Fiducial Tracking with the InTempo Imaging System; RoboCouch Patient Positioning System; Xchange Robotic Collimator Changer; Iris Variable Aperture Collimator; and the InCise MLC. Key features of some of these components are as follows: 
 Synchrony Skull, Spine and Lung Tracking Systems. The Synchrony Skull, Spine and Lung Tacking Systems allow for tracking of tumors without the need for implanted markers in the skull, spine and the lung. 
 Lung Optimized Treatment. An integrated suite of tools that provides a complete fiducial free clinical solution for lung cancer patients and optimizes non invasive lung SBRT treatments. 
 InTempo Imaging System. The InTempo Imaging System with the Synchrony Fiducial Tracking System is designed to optimize imaging frequency during prostate treatments, for example, using time based image guidance to assist with tracking and correcting non predictable intrafraction target motion. 
 Iris Variable Aperture Collimator. The Iris Variable Aperture Collimator enables delivery of beams in 12 unique sizes with a single collimator, which significantly reduces treatment times and the total radiation dose delivered to the patient. 
 Fixed Collimators. The Fixed Collimators enables delivery of beams in 12 unique sizes with 12 different collimators, usually used for radiosurgery. 
 InCise Multileaf Collimator. The InCise MLC is designed to deliver the same precise SRS and SBRT treatments clinicians expect from the CyberKnife platform, while significantly reducing treatment times. With the InCise MLC, the CyberKnife S7 Series can be used to treat larger and irregular tumors more efficiently. 
 
 The long-term success of the CyberKnife platform is dependent on a number of factors including the following: 
 Continued adoption of our CyberKnife platform, including the CyberKnife M6 System and CyberKnife S7 System, in markets where they are available; 

Greater awareness among doctors and patients of the benefits of radiosurgery delivered with the CyberKnife platform, including its robotic architecture and Synchrony technology and VOLO optimizer; 

Continued evolution in clinical studies demonstrating the safety, efficacy and other benefits of using the CyberKnife platform to treat tumors in various parts of the body; 

8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Change in medical practice leading to utilization of stereotactic body radiation therapy more regularly as an alternative to surgery or other treatments; 

Continued advances in our technology that improve the quality of treatments and ease of use of the CyberKnife platform; 

Receipt of regulatory approvals in various countries which are expected to improve access to radiosurgery with the CyberKnife S7 System in such countries; 

Medical insurance reimbursement policies that cover CyberKnife platform treatments; and 

Our ability to expand sales of CyberKnife M6 and S7 Systems in countries throughout the world where we do not currently sell or have not historically sold a significant number of any CyberKnife platform configurations. 

The Radixact System, the Next-Generation TomoTherapy Platform 
 The Radixact System, the next generation TomoTherapy platform, allows for fully integrated radiation treatment planning, delivery and data management, enabling clinicians to deliver ultra-precise treatments to more than 50 patients per day. Additionally, the Radixact System offers two treatment delivery modes - TomoHelical and TomoDirect - providing flexibility in the types of indications that can be treated with radiation - from the simplest to the most complex cases, multiple tumors and recurrent tumors. 
 The system seamlessly integrates with ClearRT helical kilovoltage computerized tomography kVCT high-fidelity imaging, providing clinicians with an option to produce exceptional diagnostic-like quality CT images, quickly and cost-effectively, to improve patient care. Synchrony on the Radixact System tracks and automatically adapts radiation delivery for targets that move, offering the possibility to decrease margins and hypofractionate treatments while efficiently delivering truly personalized care. 
 We believe the TomoTherapy platform offers clinicians and patients the following benefits: 
 Versatile treatment capabilities. The TomoTherapy platform s ring gantry architecture enables precise and efficient treatments with a high degree of dose conformity. The high speed binary MLC is integrated with the linac and consists of 64 individual low leakage tungsten leaves that move across the beam to either block or allow the passage of radiation, effectively modulating and shaping the beam as it is emitted. The combination of the ring gantry and the high speed MLC enable treatment to be delivered continuously in a 360 degree helical pattern around the patient s body (which we refer to as TomoHelical). Additionally, the TomoDirect feature provides the TomoTherapy platform with added versatility, enabling the delivery of high quality, fixed angle beams for those cases suited to simple fixed angle radiation delivery. All TomoTherapy platform systems enable an operator to provide non isocentric 3D conformal radiotherapy 3D CRT ), IG-IMRT, or stereotactic treatments within a typical cylindrical volume of 40 centimeters in diameter and up to 135 centimeters in length. This expansive treatment field allows single or multiple tumors, located anywhere in body, to be treated in a single session. The TomoTherapy platform s versatility, efficiency and precision offer clinicians an extensive range of effective treatment possibilities. 
 Real-time tracking of tumor movement. The Accuray proprietary Synchrony AI-driven real-time target tracking with dynamic delivery technology is a collection of unique hardware and software technologies that enables personalized real-time adaptive delivery of radiation treatment to targets while they are in motion by synchronizing the treatment delivery beam position to the target location precisely and accurately during the delivery of a treatment fraction. Synchrony is the only technology that uses artificial intelligence, through image guidance, to automatically adapt and synchronize the radiation beam to the position of the tumor if and when it moves during treatment. The beams of radiation are delivered continuously throughout the treatment session as the patient behaves naturally. Synchrony can be used on the Radixact System to adapt treatment delivery for tumors that move as a result of bodily processes, including respiration and digestion, as well as patient movement. Synchrony treatments are truly personalized, as delivery is adapted to the individual s unique movements throughout treatment delivery. If movement changes during treatment, delivery is adapted for that unique change. The Synchrony technology makes it possible and practical for clinicians to deliver radiation dose with accuracy and precision, even for tumors that move. Synchrony helps to maximize treatment effectiveness and minimize dose to surrounding healthy tissue because it accounts for the current and changing conditions of the patient during treatment delivery. 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Diagnostic-like quality kVCT images enable better visualization of tumors, dose verification and re-planning. We recently launched ClearRT helical kVCT imaging technology for the Radixact System. The Radixact System seamlessly integrates with ClearRT helical kVCT high-fidelity imaging, providing clinicians with an option to produce exceptional diagnostic-like quality CT images, quickly and cost-effectively, to improve patient care. ClearRT imaging brings low dose diagnostic-like kVCT imaging quality, the largest imaging field of view available on a radiation delivery system at 50 cm (diameter) by 135 cm (long), and speed, as evidenced by its ability to capture a 1-meter image in only 1 minute. ClearRT delivers enhanced imaging capabilities compared to conventional linear accelerator systems that rely on cone-beam CT CBCT imaging, and as an alternative to MR-based radiation therapy systems that can be complex and cost prohibitive to use. ClearRT offers excellent uniformity and low noise across the entire image, improved soft tissue visualization while maintaining exceptional spatial resolution, which is intended to enhance the versatility and efficiency of the Radixact System in the radiation therapy department. 
 Integrated treatment system for precise radiation delivery. We believe the integration of our proprietary imaging technologies, treatment planning and helical radiation delivery mode enables highly accurate and precise radiation therapy. Our planning software allows clinicians to establish the contours of a tumor and any normal radio-sensitive structures in close proximity to the treatment beam. The TomoTherapy platform uses an intelligent dose optimization algorithm to ensure the radiation beam conforms to the patient s tumor and minimizes exposure to surrounding healthy tissue structures, providing a highly targeted and effective dose distribution. These features significantly benefit patients by increasing the radiation delivered to cancerous tissues, while minimizing damage to nearby healthy tissues, thus also minimizing side effects. 
 Efficient clinical workflow for Image-Guided Radiation Therapy and adaptive radiation therapy. The TomoTherapy platform integrates into a single system all of the key elements for radiation therapy, including treatment planning, CT image guided patient positioning, treatment delivery, quality assurance and adaptive planning. The imaging and treatment planning capabilities of many traditional systems are more modular or require cumbersome add ons or separate treatment planning systems that result in clinicians taking more steps between scanning, planning and treatment of patients. Conversely, the integrated imaging and treatment features of the Radixact System allows clinicians to scan, plan and treat cancer patients efficiently. Treatment plans as well as daily images can be easily accessed remotely, enabling clinical teams to collaboratively work together, regardless of location, ensuring higher quality plan development and delivery. Additionally, ClearRT provides clear, high-fidelity images that are designed to reduce the time required for patient imaging and registration, a crucial part of the treatment delivery process, thereby enabling clinical staff to serve more patients. ClearRT helical kVCT images are also available within the Accuray PreciseART automated dose trending tool for clinicians to evaluate if plan adaptation would be beneficial, enabling the most personalized patient care. 
 Low barriers to installation and implementation. All external beam radiation systems must be housed in rooms that have special radiation shielding to capture any radiation not absorbed by the patient. The TomoTherapy platform s size and self contained design allow customers to retrofit them into existing treatment rooms previously used for legacy radiation therapy systems and avoid, or reduce, the significant construction costs that can be associated with building new, larger treatment rooms, which are often required of other radiation therapy systems. With both imaging and radiation delivery capabilities integrated on a ring gantry, the Radixact System requires less space than other linac systems, which use large moving arms to position the linac or incorporate adjacent imaging equipment used for treatment planning. In addition, because the Radixact System has an integrated radiation beam stop, which shields radiation that passes through the patient, they require less radiation shielding in treatment room walls as compared to traditional systems. We also preassemble, test and commission each Radixact System at our manufacturing facility, and ship the system almost fully assembled. This process typically allows radiation beam on within four days after delivery and first patient treatments to begin within 14 to 28 days after delivery. 
 Platform for further technological advancements in adaptive radiation therapy. We believe the Radixact System is uniquely positioned to enable truly adaptive radiation therapy because of its ability to provide daily, quantitative images, high speed delivery of radiation from fixed beam angles or helically from 360 degrees around the body and real time verification of the dose received by the patient. We believe the combination of these design features and our integrated treatment planning and optimization software will allow us to continue to enhance the Radixact System s adaptive capabilities to enable clinicians to routinely and easily adjust a patient s treatment as needed, thereby remaining true to the intent of the original treatment plan. 
 In addition to the functionality listed above, the Radixact System may be enhanced with the following product options: TomoDirect Mode and TomoEDGE Delivery. Key capabilities of these options are as follows: 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 TomoDirect Mode. TomoDirect is standard on the Radixact X7 and X9 models. The TomoDirect mode is a discrete angle, non rotational delivery mode that enables the user to create a treatment plan that defines target specific gantry angles. Treatment delivery is quickly completed for each beam angle. The TomoDirect mode enables users to plan and treat routine cases with greater efficiency, while achieving the quality of the TomoTherapy platform s unique beamlet based delivery. 
 TomoEDGE Delivery. TomoEDGE is standard on the Radixact X7 and X9 models. By dynamically varying the width of the collimator jaws during treatment delivery, dose to normal healthy tissues immediately adjacent to the tumor is reduced, helping to minimize the risk of radiation side effects. Additionally, overall treatment time is shortened because the jaws opening can be effectively tailored to the size of the tumor, enabling more efficient dose coverage. The resulting gains in treatment quality and speed expand the Radixact Systems clinical and market reach within the conventional and stereotactic radiotherapy spaces. 
 
 We believe the TomoTherapy platform offers clinicians and patients significant benefits over other vendors radiation therapy systems in the market. The long-term success of the TomoTherapy platform is dependent on a number of factors, including the following: 
 Continued adoption of our TomoTherapy platform, including the Radixact System, in markets where it is available; 

Greater awareness among doctors and patients of the unique benefits of radiation therapy using the TomoTherapy platform, including its ring gantry architecture that enables treatment delivery from multiple 360 degree rotations around the patient, and ClearRT helical kVCT imaging for the Radixact System, which are designed to produce exceptional diagnostic-like quality CT images, quickly and cost-effectively; 

Advances in our technology that improve the quality of treatments and ease of use of the TomoTherapy platform; 

Greater awareness among doctors of the reliability of the TomoTherapy platform; and 

Our ability to expand sales of the TomoTherapy platform in countries throughout the world where we do not currently sell or have not historically sold a significant number of any TomoTherapy platform configurations. 

Our Software Solutions 
 Our Accuray Precision TPS with iDMS Data Management Systems provide fully integrated treatment planning and data management systems for use with all compatible Accuray delivery platforms. 
 Accuray Precision Treatment Planning. With a streamlined and intuitive interface, Accuray Precision TPS enables clinicians to efficiently generate high quality radiation therapy treatment plans for all case types. It is a complete planning solution, including multi modality image fusion with proprietary deformable image registration algorithm, comprehensive suite of contouring tools, AutoSegmentation auto contouring options for head and neck, brain, and prostate, side by side treatment plan comparison, plan summation and evaluation. It supports treatment plan creation for all case types with TomoHelical, TomoDirect IMRT and 3D CRT planning mode on both Radixact and TomoTherapy Systems enabled with iDMS Data Management Systems. It also supports planning for all case types on CyberKnife platforms, including Frameless Intracranial Radiosurgery, Fiducial Free Lung Tracking with Dynamic Motion Synchronization, SBRT, for the skull, spine, abdomen and pelvis, as well as IMRT. It provides fast and accurate dose computation engines for both Accuray platforms, including Monte Carlo dose calculation for the CyberKnife InCise Multileaf Collimator and VOLO Technology for the CyberKnife, Radixact and TomoTherapy Systems. The VOLO solution features high speed parallel processing for both dose calculation and optimization that empowers clinicians to create highly customized treatment plans in less time, with greater flexibility to work interactively and in real time to efficiently develop the best IMRT treatment plans for even the most complex cases. 
 The Accuray Precision TPS can be further enhanced with optional advanced capabilities described below: 
 PreciseART Adaptive Radiation Therapy Option. The PreciseART Radiation Therapy Option extends adaptive radiotherapy possibilities, delivering an entirely new level of system integration and workflow automation for Radixact and other TomoTherapy Systems compatible with iDMS. The PreciseART Option enables clinicians to monitor patient treatment and efficiently adapt plans, helping clinics of all sizes deliver more precise treatments to more patients. It offers automated processing of daily imaging to enable clinicians to monitor all patients and set protocol specific action levels to flag cases for 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 review and possible plan adaptation. The PreciseART software's streamlined re planning capabilities leverage full integration of treatment delivery, planning and database systems to allow clinicians to efficiently generate new treatment plans based on previous plan data. It is also designed to maintain the integrity of original treatment plans to ensure tumor coverage, preserve Organ At Risk OAR doses and reduce toxicity. 
 PreciseRTX Retreatment Option. The PreciseRTX Retreatment Option makes retreatment planning more efficient and effective. The option helps to accelerate and enhance the process of creating new treatment plans for patients who have received previous irradiation. The workflow includes importation of patient dose data, from either Accuray or non-Accuray planning systems, automatic deformation of original plan contours onto a new treatment planning CT, automatic deformation of previously delivered dose onto a new planning CT, generation of the re-treatment plan based on the information from the existing plan and summation of the original and new treatment plans to review the total dose. 
 Accuray iDMS Data Management System . Accuray iDMS creates a centralized platform for storing and managing all patient treatment plan data. Designed to integrate with a wide range of technologies and systems, iDMS enables users and applications to securely and seamlessly access the data they need to drive efficient, informed, effective treatment. Information for patients to be treated or previously treated on any iDMS compatible Accuray platforms will be maintained as a single treatment record, providing the flexibility to treat patients on any available Accuray platform compatible with iDMS. It can manage users and privileges to control patient data access. It supports the Storage Vault option, which can safely maintain years of encrypted patient data. It also offers customizable report generation of patient, plan and treatment system with Report Administration Application. In addition, the Accuray iDMS enables connectivity between Accuray platforms with other systems in radiation oncology departments, encompassing the entire radiotherapy workflow. iDMS offers several key capabilities: 
 OIS Connect Option . The OIS Connect software option is a Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine DICOM standard-based solution that provides the ability to interface all iDMS enabled Accuray platform to a compatible OIS. This integration with electronic medical record generates a comprehensive export of the radiotherapy treatment history delivered using Accuray platforms. 
 Total Quality Assurance (TQA package . The TQA application offers trending and reporting of many systems and dosimetric parameters that allow physicians to monitor the performance of their TomoTherapy platforms. 
 Delivery Analysis . Delivery Analysis is a software option for the TomoTherapy platform that enables easy pretreatment quality assurance. The software also offers an innovative capability to monitor doses throughout the patient treatment using detector signals to ensure that the patient is receiving the expected dose from treatment to treatment. Delivery Analysis provides both high level analytics for summary display as well as detailed analysis capability. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 In the United States, we primarily market directly to customers, including hospitals and stand-alone treatment facilities, through our sales organization, and we also market to customers through sales agents and group purchasing organizations. Outside the United States, we market to customers directly and through the use of distributors and sales agents. We currently have international offices in Morges, Switzerland; Hong Kong, China; Shanghai, China and Tokyo, Japan and direct sales staff in most countries in Western Europe, Japan, India and Canada. In addition, we have distributors in Eastern Europe, Russia, the Middle East, the Asia Pacific region, and Latin America. 
 In direct sales markets, we employ a combination of territory sales managers, product specialists, training specialists and marketing managers. Territory sales managers and product specialists are responsible for selling the systems to hospitals and stand alone treatment facilities. Our marketing managers help market our current products and work with our engineering group to identify and develop upgrades and enhancements for our suite of products. Our training specialists train radiation oncologists, surgeons, physicists, dosimetrists and radiation therapists. 
 We market our products to radiation oncologists, neurosurgeons, general surgeons, oncology specialists and other referring physicians in hospitals and stand alone treatment facilities. We intend to continue to increase our focus on marketing and education efforts to surgical specialists and oncologists responsible for treating tumors throughout the body and are also working closely with hospital administrators to demonstrate the economic benefits of our offering. Our 
 12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 marketing activities also include efforts to inform and educate patients with cancerous or benign tumors, or neurologic and/or endocrine disorders, about the benefits of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. 
 Under our standard distribution agreement, we generally appoint a distributor for a specific country. We typically also retain the right to distribute the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms in such territories, though we remain bound by certain agreements entered into by TomoTherapy prior to our acquisition that did not retain such rights in certain jurisdictions. In most territories, our distributors generally provide the full range of service and sales capabilities, although we may provide installation and service support for certain distributors. 
 The JV aims to be uniquely positioned to serve China, which we believe is the world s largest growth market for radiation oncology systems. China represents a significantly underserved market for linacs based on the country s population and cancer incidence rates on both an absolute and relative country basis. Accuray Asia has a 49 ownership interest in the JV and the CIRC Subsidiary has a 51 ownership interest in the JV. 
 With the receipt of the necessary permits and licenses to operate, the JV has begun selling products in China, much like a distributor. In the long term, we anticipate that the JV will manufacture and sell a locally branded Made in China radiotherapy device in the Class B license category, or Class B device, which would replace our current offering in that category. We believe this strategy will allow us to best maximize both near and longer-term opportunities in China. The regulatory submission to the National Medical Products Administration NMPA has been completed and we expect to receive NMPA clearance in the first half of calendar year 2024 and take orders shortly thereafter. For more information on the JV, see Note 11, Joint Venture, of the Notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Manufacturing 
 We purchase major components for each of our products from outside suppliers, including the robotic manipulator, treatment couches, gantry, magnetrons and computers. We closely monitor supplier quality, delivery performance and conformance to product specifications, and we also expect suppliers to contribute to our efforts to improve our manufacturing cost and quality. 
 Some of the components are obtained from single source suppliers. These components include the couch, magnetron and solid state modulator for the TomoTherapy platform and the robot, couch, and magnetron for the CyberKnife platform. In most cases, if a supplier was unable to deliver these components, we believe we would be able to find other sources for these components subject to any regulatory qualifications, if required. In the event of a disruption in any of these suppliers ability to deliver a component, we would need to secure a replacement supplier. Additionally, any disruption or interruption of the supply of key subsystems could result in increased costs and delays in deliveries of our treatment systems, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. To help mitigate these risks, we negotiate long term supply contracts or submit long term orders and forecasts to our single source suppliers with the goal that our demand can be satisfied and any capacity problem can be mitigated. 
 Currently, we manufacture our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms in Madison, Wisconsin. We manufacture the linear accelerator for our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms at our Chengdu, China facility. Our facilities employ state of the art manufacturing techniques and equipment. The components manufactured at our Chengdu facility are produced under the International Standard Organization ISO ), 13485:2016 certified quality management systems. The completed medical devices are designed, manufactured, installed, serviced and distributed at our Sunnyvale, Madison and Morges facilities under quality management systems which are compliant to the internationally recognized quality system standard for medical devices ISO, 13485:2016, and the Quality System regulations enforced by the FDA. We believe our manufacturing facilities will be adequate for our expected growth and foreseeable future demands for at least the next three years. 
 The manufacturing processes at our facilities include fabrication, subassembly, assembly, system integration and final testing. Our manufacturing personnel consist of fabricators, assemblers and technicians supported by production engineers as well as planning and supply chain managers. Our quality assurance program includes various quality control measures from inspection of raw material, purchased parts and assemblies through on line inspection. We have also incorporated lean manufacturing techniques to improve manufacturing flow and efficiency. Lean manufacturing techniques include reducing wasteful and extraneous activities, balancing assembly and test flow, as well as better utilizing production assets and resources. 
 13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 The proprietary nature of, and protection for, our products, product components, processes and know how are important to our business. We seek patent protection in the United States and internationally for our systems and other technology where available and when appropriate. We may also in license the technology, inventions and improvements that we consider important to the development of our business. In addition, we also rely upon trade secrets, know how, trademarks, copyright protection, as well as confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and other third parties, to protect our proprietary rights and to develop and maintain our competitive position. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we held an exclusive field of use licenses or ownership of 439 U.S. and foreign patents, and 159 U.S. and foreign patent applications. These patents and applications cover various components and techniques incorporated into the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, or which may be incorporated into new technologies under current development, all of which we believe will allow us to maintain a competitive advantage in the field of radiation therapy systems. We cannot be certain that any patents will be issued from any of our pending patent applications, nor can we be certain that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will provide us with protection. 
 We periodically monitor the activities of our competitors and other third parties with respect to their use of intellectual property. 
 Research and Development 
 Continued innovation is critical to our future success. Our current product development activities include projects expanding clinical applications, driving product differentiation, and continually improving the usability, interoperability, reliability, and performance of our products. We continue to seek to develop innovative technologies so that we can improve our products and increase our sales. Some of our product improvements have been discussed above under the heading Our Products. 
 Our research activities strive to enable new product development opportunities by developing new technologies and advancing areas of existing core technology such as next generation linear accelerators, adaptive therapy, patient imaging, motion management, or treatment planning capabilities. 
 The modular design of our systems support rapid development for new clinical capabilities and performance enhancements by generally allowing each subsystem to evolve within the overall platform design. Access to regular product upgrades protects customer investment in the system, facilitates the rapid adoption of new features and capabilities among existing installed base customers, and drives increasing value in our multiyear service plans. These upgrades will generally consist of software and hardware enhancements designed to increase the ease of use of our systems, improve the speed and accuracy of patient treatment and meet other customer needs. 
 A key component of our research and development program is our collaboration with research programs at selected hospitals, cancer treatment centers, academic institutions and research institutions worldwide. Our agreements with these third party collaborators generally require us to make milestone based payments during the course of a particular project and often also require that we make up front payments to fund initial activities. Generally, we obtain non exclusive worldwide rights to commercialize results from the collaboration with an option to negotiate an exclusive license. For inventions resulting from the collaboration that we own or exclusively license, we generally grant a royalty free license for the purpose of continuing the institution s research and development, and from time to time, we also grant broader licenses. Our research collaboration programs include work on clinical protocols and hardware and software developments. We also work with suppliers to develop new components in order to increase the reliability and performance of our products and seek opportunities to acquire or invest in the research of other parties where we believe it is likely to benefit our existing or future products. 
 We have entered into collaboration agreements with a variety of industrial partners within the fields of radiation oncology and medical imaging to provide us with opportunities to accelerate our innovation capability and bring complimentary products and technologies to market. We continue to seek out new partnerships to complement our internal developments and implement our product strategies. 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Competition 
 The medical device industry in general and the non invasive cancer treatment field in particular, are subject to intense and increasing competition and rapidly evolving technologies. Because our products often have long development and regulatory approval cycles, we must anticipate changes in the marketplace and the direction of technological innovation and customer demands. To compete successfully, we will need to continue to demonstrate the advantages of our products and technologies over well established alternative procedures, products and technologies, and convince physicians and other healthcare decision makers of the advantages of our products and technologies. Traditional surgery and other forms of minimally invasive procedures, brachytherapy, chemotherapy, immunotherapy, and other drugs remain alternatives or are complementary to treatments delivered with the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. 
 New product sales in this competitive market are primarily dominated by two companies: Elekta AB (Elekta) and Varian Medical Systems, Inc, a Siemens Healthineers company Varian ). Some manufacturers of standard linac systems, including Varian and Elekta, have products that can be used in combination with body and/or head frame systems and image guidance systems to perform both radiosurgical and radiotherapy procedures. Our other competitors include RefleXion Medical Inc., ZAP Surgical Systems, Inc., and other companies in the radiosurgical and radiation therapy markets. 
 Furthermore, many government, academic and business entities are investing substantial resources in research and development of cancer treatments, including surgical approaches, radiation treatment, MRI guided radiotherapy systems, proton therapy systems, drug treatment, immunotherapy, gene therapy, and other approaches. Successful developments that result in new approaches for the treatment of cancer could reduce the attractiveness of our products or render them obsolete. 
 Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to establish and maintain a competitive position in current and future technologies. Rapid technological development may render the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and their technologies obsolete. Many of our competitors have or may have greater corporate, financial, operational, sales and marketing resources, and more experience in research and development than we have. We cannot assume that our competitors will not succeed in developing or marketing technologies or products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our products or that would render our technologies and products obsolete or less useful. We may not have the financial resources, technical expertise, marketing, distribution or support capabilities to compete successfully in the future. 
 Our competitive position also depends, among other things, on: 
 Widespread awareness, acceptance and adoption of our products by the radiation oncology, cancer therapy and neurosurgery markets; 

Innovations that improve the effectiveness and productivity of our systems treatment processes and enable them to address emerging customer needs; 

Availability of reimbursement coverage from third party payors (including insurance companies, governments, and/or others) for procedures performed using our platforms; 

Inclusion of radiotherapy in countries cancer treatment policies as an effective treatment modality; 

Published, peer reviewed data supporting the efficiency, efficacy and safety of our platforms; 

Limiting the time required from proof of feasibility to routine production; 

Limiting the time period and cost of regulatory approvals or clearances; 

The manufacture and delivery of our products in sufficient volumes on time, and accurately predicting and controlling costs associated with manufacturing, installation, warranty and maintenance of the products; 

Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The extent of our intellectual property protection or our ability to otherwise develop and safeguard proprietary products and processes; 

Our ability to successfully expand into new and developing markets; 

Securing sufficient capital resources to expand both our continued research and development, and sales and marketing efforts; and 

Obtaining and maintaining any necessary United States or foreign regulatory approvals or clearances. 

Our customers equipment purchase considerations typically include reliability, treatment quality, service capabilities, patient throughput, price, payment terms and equipment supplier viability. We believe we compete favorably with our competitors on price and value based upon the technology offered by our platforms. We strive to provide technologically superior products that cover substantially all aspects of radiation therapy to deliver precise treatments with high quality clinical outcomes that meet or exceed customer expectations. 
 In addition to competition from technologies performing similar functions as our platforms, competition also exists for the limited capital expenditure budgets of our customers. For example, our platforms may compete with other equipment required by a radiation therapy department for financing under the same capital expenditure budget, which is typically limited. A purchaser, such as a hospital or cancer treatment center, may be required to select between the two items of capital equipment. Our ability to compete may also be adversely affected when purchase decisions are based solely upon price, since our products are premium priced systems due to their higher level of functionality and performance. 
 U.S. Reimbursement 
 In the United States, healthcare providers that purchase capital equipment such as the CyberKnife and/or TomoTherapy platforms generally rely on government and private third party payors for reimbursement for the healthcare treatment and services they provide. Examples of these types of payors include Medicare, Medicaid, private health insurance plans, and health maintenance organizations, which reimburse all or a portion of the cost of treatment, as well as related healthcare services. Reimbursement involves three components: coverage, coding and payment. 
 Coverage 
 There are currently no National Coverage Determinations in place under Medicare for treatments provided on a CyberKnife, TomoTherapy, or Radixact platform. Medicare coverage criteria for treatments performed on a CyberKnife, TomoTherapy, or Radixact platform is outlined in Local Coverage Determinations or, in the absence of a formal policy, treatment is covered as long as it is considered reasonable and necessary. The most common indications covered by Medicare in Local Coverage Determinations for radiotherapy are primary and metastatic tumors in the brain, spine, lung, liver, kidney, pancreas, adrenal gland, head and neck, breast, prostate, abdominal and retroperitoneal regions, as well as other cancers that have failed previous treatment. Commercial payor policies vary with respect to coverage for radiotherapy including many of the indications covered by Medicare, though coverage criteria may differ. 
 Coding 
 The codes that are used to report radiosurgery treatment delivery in 2023 for the hospital outpatient department are Current Procedural Terminology CPT codes 77372 and 77373 for single fraction intracranial radiosurgery and single fraction extracranial/multi session radiosurgery/stereotactic body radiation therapy. For freestanding centers, robotic radiosurgery is billed with robotic radiosurgery Healthcare Common Procedural Codes HCPCs G0339 and G0340. The non robotic SRS/SBRT codes 77372 and 77373 are also payable codes in the freestanding site of service for non robotic SRS/SBRT. 
 In 2023, in the hospital outpatient department, IMRT delivery is billed under CPT code 77385 for simple IMRT and 77386 for complex IMRT. For 3D CRT three codes are used to report simple, intermediate, and complex treatments. 3D-CRT treatments delivered using the TomoTherapy and Radixact Systems are considered complex treatments and reported under the complex 3D CRT code 77412. In December 2015, the Patient Access and Medicare Protection Act (PAMPA) stopped the 
 16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 IMRT and 3D CRT delivery codes from being implemented and prevented reimbursement reductions in the freestanding center setting through calendar year 2019. Although the payment freeze was set to expire on December 31, 2019, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS has continued to recognize these temporary HCPCS G codes in this setting. We expect all valid delivery codes will be recognized by commercial payers. Other codes are used to report treatment planning, dosimetry, treatment management, and other procedures routinely performed for treating radiosurgery or radiotherapy patients. 
 Payment 
 In the United States, most procedures using the CyberKnife, TomoTherapy, and Radixact Systems are performed in the hospital outpatient department. Payment rates under the Medicare fee-for-service methodology are established based on cost data submitted by hospitals. CMS pays separately for ancillary procedures in addition to the delivery of IMRT, 3D CRT, and SRS/SBRT as well as comprehensive ambulatory payment classifications that bundles delivery and some ancillary services for single session cranial radiosurgery. 
 Payment for treatment with CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms are also available in the freestanding center setting. In 2023, the primary treatment delivery codes for robotic radiosurgery are priced by the regional Medicare Administrative Contractors. In 2023, the robotic SRS/SBRT delivery codes remain contractor priced for providers paid under the traditional fee-for-service methodology. Payment rates for IMRT and 3DRT procedures are set by CMS with adjustments to account for geographic market variations. 
 The federal government reviews and adjust rates annually, and from time to time considers various Medicare and other healthcare reform proposals that could significantly affect both private and public reimbursement for healthcare services, including radiotherapy and radiosurgery, in hospitals and free standing clinics. In the past, we have seen our customers decision making process complicated by the uncertainties surrounding reimbursement rates for radiotherapy and radiosurgery in the United States. State government reimbursement for services is determined pursuant to each state s Medicaid plan, which is established by state law and regulations, subject to the requirements of federal law and regulations. 
 Foreign Reimbursement 
 Internationally, reimbursement and healthcare payment systems vary from country to country and include single payor, government managed systems as well as systems in which private payors and government managed systems exist side by side. In general, the process of obtaining coverage approvals has been slower outside of the United States. Our ability to achieve adoption of our treatment systems, and significant sales volume in international markets, will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement for procedures performed using our products. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 Domestic Regulation 
 Our products and software are medical devices subject to regulation by the FDA, as well as other regulatory bodies. FDA regulations govern the following activities that we perform and will continue to perform to ensure medical products distributed domestically or exported internationally are safe and effective for their intended uses: 
 Product design and development; 

Document and purchasing controls; 

Production and process controls; 

Labeling and packaging controls; 

Product storage; 

Recordkeeping; 

17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Servicing; 

Corrective and preventive action and complaint handling; 

Pre market clearance or approval; 

Advertising and promotion; and 

Product sales and distribution. 

FDA pre market clearance and approval requirements. Unless an exemption applies, each medical device we wish to commercially distribute in the United States will require either 510(k) clearance or pre market approval from the FDA. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes. Devices deemed to pose lower risks are placed in either class I or II, which requires the manufacturer to submit to the FDA a pre market notification requesting permission to commercially distribute the device, known as 510(k) clearance. Some low risk devices are exempted from this requirement. Devices deemed by the FDA to pose the greatest risks, such as life sustaining, life supporting or implantable devices, or devices deemed not substantially equivalent to a previously cleared 510(k) devices, are placed in class III, requiring pre market approval. All of our current products are class II devices requiring 510(k) clearances. 
 510(k) clearance pathway. When a 510(k) clearance is required, we must submit a pre market notification demonstrating that our proposed device is substantially equivalent to a previously cleared and legally marketed 510(k) device or a device that was in commercial distribution before May 28, 1976 for which the FDA has not yet called for the submission of pre market approval PMA applications. By statute, the FDA has targets to clear or deny a 510(k) pre market notification after 90 days of review from submission of the application. Clearance generally takes longer as the FDA may require further information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. 
 In January 2002, we received 510(k) clearance for the TomoTherapy Hi Art System intended to be used as an integrated system for the planning and delivery of IMRT for the treatment of cancer. In August 2008, we received 510(k) clearance for our TomoDirect System. In June 2016, we received 510(k) clearance for the Radixact Treatment Delivery Platform. We also received 510(k) clearance for our new treatment planning and data management systems, Accuray Precision TPS and iDMS Data Management System. In November 2018, we received 510(k) clearance for Synchrony Motion Synchronization and Real-Time Adaptive Radiotherapy Technology for the Radixact System. 
 In July 1999, we received 510(k) clearance for the CyberKnife System for use in the head and neck regions of the body. In August 2001, we received 510(k) clearance for the CyberKnife System to provide treatment planning and image guided stereotactic radiosurgery and precision radiotherapy for lesions, tumors and conditions anywhere in the body where radiation treatment is indicated. In April 2002, we received 510(k) clearance for the Synchrony Motion Tracking System as an option to the CyberKnife System, intended to enable dynamic image guided stereotactic radiosurgery and precision radiotherapy of lesions, tumors and conditions that move under influence of respiration. In October 2012, we received 510(k) clearance for the InCise MLC with clearance from the FDA on July 1, 2015. In August 2023, we received 510(k) clearance for the VitalHold TM breast package on the Radixact System. 
 PMA pathway. A PMA must be submitted to the FDA if the device is not eligible for the 510(k) clearance process. A PMA must be supported by extensive data including, but not limited to, technical, preclinical, clinical trials, manufacturing and labeling to demonstrate reasonable evidence of the device s safety and efficacy to the FDA s satisfaction. Currently, no device we have developed and commercialized has required pre market approval. 
 Product modifications. After a device receives 510(k) clearance or a PMA approval, it may be changed or modified. Any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a significant change in its intended use, will require a new clearance or approval. Regulations provide that the manufacturer initially determines when a specific modification requires notification to FDA. The FDA has issued draft guidance that, if finalized and implemented, will result in manufacturers needing to seek a significant number of new clearances for changes made to legally marketed devices. The FDA reviews the manufacturer s decision to file a 510(k) or PMA for modifications during facility audits. 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have modified aspects of our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms since receiving regulatory clearance, and we have applied for and obtained additional 510(k) clearances for these modifications when we determined such clearances were required. The FDA may review our 510(k) filing decision, and can disagree with our initial determination. The FDA may take regulatory action from requiring new filings to injunction if it disagrees with our determinations not to seek a new 510(k) clearance or PMA approval for modifications. The FDA reviewed and cleared the most recent versions of the CyberKnife System and TomoTherapy platforms, including the Radixact System, in fiscal 2021. 
 Pervasive and continuing regulation. After a device is placed on the market, numerous regulatory requirements apply. These include: 
 Quality System Regulation QSR ), which require manufacturers, including third party manufacturers, to follow stringent design, testing, documentation and other quality assurance procedures during product design and throughout the manufacturing process; 

Labeling regulations and FDA prohibitions against the promotion of products for uncleared, unapproved or off label uses; and 

Medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the FDA if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if the malfunction were to recur. 

The FDA has broad post market and regulatory enforcement powers. We are subject to unannounced inspections by the FDA and the Food and Drug Branch of the California Department of Health Services to determine our compliance with the QSR and other regulations, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of some of our subcontractors. Our Madison facility, where we manufacture the finished TomoTherapy and CyberKnife Systems, was most recently inspected by the FDA in August 2017. The August 2017 inspection resulted in no observations. We believe we are in substantial compliance with the QSR. Failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can result in enforcement action by the FDA, which may include any of the following sanctions: 
 Fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; 

Recall or seizure of our products; 

Operating restrictions, partial suspension or total shutdown of production; 

Refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or pre market approval of new products or new intended uses; 

Withdrawing 510(k) clearance or pre market approvals that are already granted; and 

Criminal prosecution. 

The FDA also has the authority to require us to repair, replace or refund the cost of any medical device that we have manufactured or distributed. If any of these events were to occur, they could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Radiological health. Because our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms contain both laser and X ray components, and because we assemble these components during manufacturing and service activities, we are also regulated under the Electronic Product Radiation Control Provisions of the United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. This law requires laser and X ray products to comply with regulations and applicable performance standards, and manufacturers of these products to certify in product labeling and reports to the FDA that their products comply with all such standards. The law also requires manufacturers to file new product reports, and to file annual reports and maintain manufacturing, testing and sales records, and report product defects. Various warning labels must be affixed. Assemblers of diagnostic X ray systems are also required to certify in reports to the FDA, equipment purchasers, and where applicable, to state agencies responsible for radiation protection, that diagnostic and/or therapeutic X ray systems they assemble meet applicable requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA, which can include injunctions, civil penalties, and the issuance of warning letters. 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Fraud and abuse laws. We are subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti kickback laws and physician self referral laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by significant criminal and civil sanctions, including, in some instances, exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Because of the far reaching nature of these laws, there can be no assurance that we would not be required to alter one or more of our practices to be in compliance with these laws. Evolving interpretations of current laws or the adoption of new federal or state laws or regulations could adversely affect many of the arrangements we have with customers and physicians. In addition, there can be no assurance that the occurrence of one or more violations of these laws or regulations would not result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Anti kickback laws. Our operations are subject to broad and changing federal and state anti kickback laws. The Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services OIG is primarily responsible for enforcing the federal Anti Kickback Statute and generally for identifying fraud and abuse activities affecting government programs. The federal Anti Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or providing remuneration directly or indirectly to induce either the referral of an individual, or the furnishing, recommending, or arranging of a good or service, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program such as Medicare and Medicaid. Remuneration has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value, including such items as gifts, discounts, the furnishing of supplies or equipment, credit arrangements, waiver of payments, and providing anything of value at less than fair market value. 
 Penalties for violating the federal Anti Kickback Statute include criminal fines of up to 25,000 and/or imprisonment for up to five years for each violation, civil monetary penalties, which could result in treble damages plus fines of up to 50,000 for each violation, and possible exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Many states have adopted prohibitions similar to the federal Anti Kickback Statute, some of which apply to the referral of patients for healthcare services reimbursed by any source, not only by the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and do not include comparable exceptions. 
 The OIG has issued safe harbor regulations which set forth certain activities and business relationships that are deemed safe from prosecution under the federal Anti Kickback Statute. There are safe harbors for various types of arrangements, including, without limitation, certain investment interests, leases and personal services and management contracts. The failure of a particular activity to comply in all regards with the safe harbor regulations does not mean that the activity violates the federal Anti Kickback Statute or that prosecution will be pursued. However, conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy each applicable safe harbor may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities such as the OIG. 
 The OIG has identified the following arrangements with purchasers and their agents as ones raising potential risk of violation of the federal Anti Kickback Statute: 
 Discount and free good arrangements that are not properly disclosed or accurately reported to federal healthcare programs; 

Product support services, including billing assistance, reimbursement consultation and other services specifically tied to support of the purchased product, offered in tandem with another service or program (such as a reimbursement guarantee) that confers a benefit to the purchaser; 

Educational grants conditioned in whole or in part on the purchase of equipment, or otherwise inappropriately influenced by sales and marketing considerations; 

Research funding arrangements, particularly post marketing research activities, that are linked directly or indirectly to the purchase of products, or otherwise inappropriately influenced by sales and marketing considerations; and 

Other offers of remuneration to purchasers that are expressly or impliedly related to a sale or sales volume, such as rebates and upfront payments, other free or reduced price goods or services, and payments to cover costs of converting from a competitor s products, particularly where the selection criteria for such offers vary with the volume or value of business generated. 

20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have a variety of financial relationships with physicians who are in a position to generate business for us. For example, physicians who own our stock also provide medical advisory and other consulting or collaboration services. Similarly, we have a variety of different types of arrangements with our customers. In the case of our former placement program, certain services and upgrades were provided without additional charge based on procedure volume. In the past, we have also provided loans to our customers. We also provide research or educational grants to customers to support customer studies related to, among other things, our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. 
 If our past or present operations are found to be in violation of the federal Anti Kickback Statute or similar government regulations to which we or our customers are subject, we or our officers may be subject to the applicable penalty associated with the violation, including significant civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment, and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The impact of any such violation may lead to curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, or curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that some of these laws are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert our management s attention from the operation of our business and damage our reputation. If an enforcement action were to occur, our reputation and our business and financial condition could be harmed, even if we were to prevail or settle the action. Similarly, if the physicians or other providers or entities with which we do business are found to be non compliant with applicable laws, they may be subject to sanctions, which could also have a negative impact on our business. 
 Transparency laws. The Physician Payment Sunshine Act (the Sunshine Act ), which was enacted by Congress as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act on December 14, 2011, requires each applicable manufacturer, which includes medical device companies, such as Accuray, to track and report to the federal government on an annual basis all payments and other transfers of value from such applicable manufacturer to U.S. licensed physicians and teaching hospitals as well as physician ownership of such applicable manufacturer s equity, in each case subject to certain statutory exceptions. Such data will be made available by the government on a publicly searchable website. Failure to comply with the data collection and reporting obligations imposed by the Sunshine Act can result in civil monetary penalties ranging from 1,000 to 10,000 for each payment or other transfer of value that is not reported (up to a maximum of 150,000 per reporting period) and from 10,000 to 100,000 for each knowing failure to report (up to a maximum of 1 million per reporting period). In addition, we are subject to similar state and foreign laws related to the tracking and reporting of payments and other transfers of value to healthcare professionals. These laws require or will require that we implement the necessary and costly infrastructure to track and report such payments and transfers of value. Failure to comply with these new tracking and reporting laws could subject us to significant civil monetary penalties. 
 Physician self referral laws. We are also subject to federal and state physician self referral laws. The federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act of 1989, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare and Medicaid patients to an entity providing certain designated health services if the physician or an immediate family member has any financial relationship with the entity. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity receiving the referral from billing any good or service furnished pursuant to an unlawful referral. 
 In addition, in July 2008, CMS issued a final rule implementing significant amendments to the regulations under the Stark Law. The final rule, which was effective October 1, 2009, imposes additional limitations on the ability of physicians to refer patients to medical facilities in which the physician or an immediate family member has an ownership interest for treatment. Among other things, the rule provides that leases of equipment between physician owners that may refer patients and hospitals must be on a fixed rate, rather than a per use basis. Prior to enactment of the final rule, physician owned entities had increasingly become involved in the acquisition of medical technologies, including the CyberKnife platform. In many cases, these entities entered into arrangements with hospitals that billed Medicare for the furnishing of medical services, and the physician owners were among the physicians who referred patients to the entity for services. The rule limits these arrangements and could require the restructuring of existing arrangements between physicians owned entities and hospitals and could discourage physicians from participating in the acquisition and ownership of medical technologies. The final rule also prohibits percentage based compensation in equipment leases. As a result of the finalization of these regulations, some existing CyberKnife platform operators have modified or restructured their corporate or organizational structures. In addition, certain customers that planned to open CyberKnife centers in the United States involving physician ownership have restructured their legal ownership structure. Certain entities were not able to establish viable models for CyberKnife platform operation and therefore, canceled their CyberKnife platform purchase agreements. Accordingly, these regulations have resulted in cancellations of CyberKnife platform purchase agreements and could also reduce the attractiveness of medical 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 technology acquisitions, including CyberKnife platform purchases, by physician owned joint ventures or similar entities. As a result, these regulations have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our product sales and therefore, on our business and results of operations. 
 A person who engages in a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law s referral prohibition may be fined up to 100,000 for each such arrangement or scheme. In addition, any person who presents or causes to be presented a claim to the Medicare or Medicaid programs in violations of the Stark Law is subject to civil monetary penalties of up to 15,000 per bill submission, an assessment of up to three times the amount claimed, and possible exclusion from federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. Various states have corollary laws to the Stark Law, including laws that require physicians to disclose any financial interest they may have with a healthcare provider to their patients when referring patients to that provider. Both the scope and exceptions for such laws vary from state to state. 
 Federal False Claims Act. The federal False Claims Act prohibits the knowing filing or causing the filing of a false claim or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government. When an entity is determined to have violated the False Claims Act, it may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties of between 13,508 and 27,018 for each separate false claim. Suits filed under the False Claims Act, known as qui tam actions, can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government and such individuals, sometimes known as relators or, more commonly, as whistleblowers, may share in any amounts paid by the entity to the government in fines or settlement. In addition, certain states have enacted laws modeled after the federal False Claims Act. Qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of healthcare companies to have to defend a false claim action, pay fines or be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state healthcare programs as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. We have retained the services of a reimbursement consultant, for which we pay certain consulting fees, to provide us and facilities that have purchased a CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform, with general reimbursement advice. While we believe this will assist our customers in filing proper claims for reimbursement, and even though such consultants do not submit claims on behalf of our customers, the fact that we provide these consultant services could expose us to additional scrutiny and possible liability in the event one of our customers is investigated and determined to be in violation of any of these laws. 
 HIPAA. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), created two new federal crimes: healthcare fraud and false statements relating to healthcare matters. The healthcare fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private payors. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment or exclusion from government sponsored programs. The false statements statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines or imprisonment. 
 As a participant in the healthcare industry, we are also subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations protecting the privacy and integrity of patient medical information, including privacy and security standards required under HIPAA. The HIPAA privacy standard was amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ), enacted as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. HITECH significantly increases the civil money penalties for violations of patient privacy rights protected under HIPAA. Although we are not a covered entity under HIPAA, we have entered into agreements with certain covered entities under which we are considered to be a business associate under HIPAA. As a business associate, we are required to implement policies, procedures and reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect individually identifiable health information we receive from covered entities. Furthermore, business associates are directly subject to regulations under HIPAA including the new enforcement scheme, criminal and civil penalties for certain violations, and inspection requirements. 
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. The United States and foreign government regulators have increased regulation, enforcement, inspections and governmental investigations of the medical device industry, including increased United States government oversight and enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Whenever the United States or another foreign governmental authority concludes that we are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, such governmental authority can impose fines, delay or suspend regulatory clearances, institute proceedings to detain or seize our products, issue a recall, impose operating restrictions, enjoin future violations and assess civil penalties against us or our officers or employees, and can recommend criminal prosecution to the Department of Justice. Moreover, governmental authorities can ban or request the recall, repair, replacement or refund of the cost of any device or product we manufacture or distribute. In addition, our third party agents in foreign countries can also subject us to prosecution under Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are also subject to the UK Bribery Act, which could also lead to the imposition of civil and criminal fines and other similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. Any of the foregoing actions could result in decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 International Regulation 
 International sales of medical devices are subject to foreign government regulations, which vary substantially from country to country. The time required to obtain clearance or approval by a foreign country may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and the requirements are often different. 
 The primary regulatory environment in Europe is that of the European Union and the three additional member states of the European Economic Area EEA ), which have adopted similar laws and regulations with respect to medical devices. The European Union has adopted numerous directives and the European Committee for Standardization has promulgated standards regulating the design, manufacture, clinical trials, labeling and adverse event reporting for medical devices. Devices that comply with the requirements of the relevant directive will be entitled to bear the Conformit Europ ene CE conformity marking, indicating that the device conforms to the essential requirements of the applicable directives and, accordingly, may be commercially distributed throughout the member states of the EEA. 
 The method of assessing conformity to applicable standards and directives depends on the type and class of the product, but normally involves a combination of self assessment by the manufacturer and a third party assessment by a notified body, an independent and neutral institution appointed by a European Union member state to conduct the conformity assessment. This relevant assessment may consist of an audit of the manufacturer s quality system (currently ISO 13485), provisions of the Medical Devices Directive, and specific testing of the manufacturer s device. Our facilities were first awarded the ISO 13485 certification in September 2002 and has been subsequently maintained through periodic assessments, and we are currently authorized to affix the CE mark to our products, allowing us to sell our products throughout the European Economic Area. The Medical Device Regulation MDR came into effect in the European Union in May 2021. We are required to obtain certification against the MDR to CE mark new products or to make significant changes to existing products. There are fewer notified bodies authorized under the MDR to qualify businesses and products. This may result in additional time for initial product reviews and to obtain authorization to apply the CE mark. 
 We are also currently subject to regulations in Japan. Under the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law in Japan, a pre market approval necessary to sell, market and import a product (Shonin) must be obtained from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare MHLW ), for our products. A Japanese distributor received the first government approval to market the CyberKnife System from MHLW in November 1996. We received and maintain Shonin approval from MHLW for CyberKnife Treatment Delivery Systems, M6 Series with InCise MLC, TomoTherapy Treatment Delivery Systems, Radixact Treatment Delivery Systems, and associated Precision and iDMS software products. 
 Additionally, our products are subject to regulations in China. The China Supervision and Regulation of Medical Devices (No. 680) requires licensing from the National Medical Products Administration NMPA to market, sell, and import our product type. The NMPA licenses require testing by the Beijing Institute for Medical Devices Testing BIMT specifically related to China variations of global safety and performance standards. We received and maintain NMPA licenses for various configurations of Radixact Treatment Delivery Systems, CyberKnife Treatment Delivery Systems, TomoTherapy Treatment Delivery Systems, and associated Precision and iDMS software products. 
 We are subject to additional regulations in other foreign countries, including, but not limited to, Canada, Taiwan, Korea, and Russia in order to sell our products. We expect that either we or our distributors will receive any necessary approvals or clearance prior to marketing our products in those international markets. 
 State Certificate of Need Laws 
 In some states, a certificate of need or similar regulatory approval is required prior to the acquisition of high cost capital items or the provision of new services. These laws generally require appropriate state agency determination of public need and approval prior to the acquisition of such capital items or addition of new services. Certificate of need regulations may preclude our customers from acquiring one of our systems, and from performing stereotactic radiosurgery procedures using 
 23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 one of our systems. Several of our prospective customers currently are involved in appeals of certificate of need determinations. If these appeals are not resolved in favor of these prospective customers, they may be precluded from purchasing and/or performing services using one of our systems. Certificate of need laws are the subject of continuing legislative activity, and a significant increase in the number of states regulating the acquisition and use of one of our systems through certificate of need or similar programs could adversely affect us. 
 Backlog 
 For a discussion of our fiscal 2023 backlog, please refer to the section entitled Backlog, in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Employees and Human Capital Resources 
 Our employees are critical to the success of our business. As of June 30, 2023, we had 1024 employees, including 411 employees employed outside of the United States. We also engage part-time employees and independent contractors to supplement our workforce. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced any employment-related work stoppages and we believe our relationship with our employees is good. 
 Our human capital resources objectives include recruiting, retaining, training, and motivating our personnel. The principal purposes of our incentive compensation policies are to attract, retain, and reward personnel through the granting of equity-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. We strive to foster a diverse and inclusive culture and environment which encourages active dialogue and robust engagement on the issues most salient to employee satisfaction and believe our employees are empowered to play a significant role in shaping the direction and success of the company. 
 Geographic Information 
 For financial reporting purposes, net sales and long lived assets attributable to significant geographic areas are presented in Note 14, Segment Disclosure, to the consolidated financial statements, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Available Information 
 Our main corporate website address is www.accuray.com . We make available on this website, free of charge, copies of our annual reports on Form 10 K, quarterly reports on Form 10 Q, current reports on Form 8 K and our proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange Commission, the SEC. All SEC filings are also available at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 We also use our investor relations website as a channel of distribution for material company information in compliance with Regulation FD. For example, webcasts of our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community are on our investor relations website. Additionally, we announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial performance, SEC filings, notices of investor events, and our press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website. Investors and others can receive notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website in real time by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance. The contents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. R ISK FACTORS 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 Risks related to our business and results of operations 
 We face risks related to the current global economic environment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If our products do not achieve widespread market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. 

Our ability to achieve profitability depends in part on maintaining or increasing our gross margins on product sales and services, which we may not be able to achieve. 

The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the perception of its effects, as well as the responses of governments and private industry on our operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers, have and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

We have outstanding indebtedness and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. 

Our operating results, including our cash flows, quarterly orders, revenues and margins fluctuate from quarter to quarter and may be unpredictable, which may result in a decline in our stock price. 

Our industry is subject to intense competition and rapid technological change, which may result in new products or treatments that are superior to the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. We may be unable to anticipate or keep pace with changes in the marketplace and the direction of technological innovation and customer demands. 

We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our results may be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 

If we encounter manufacturing problems, or if our manufacturing facilities do not continue to meet federal, state or foreign manufacturing standards, we may be required to temporarily cease all or part of our manufacturing operations, which would result in delays and lost revenue. 

If we are unable to develop new products or enhance existing products to meet our customers needs and compete favorably in the market, we may be unable to attract or retain customers. 

If we do not effectively manage our growth, our business may be significantly harmed. 

We could become subject to product liability claims, product recalls, other field actions and warranty claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our business. 

Our reliance on single source suppliers for critical components of our products could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely and cost effective manner. 

We depend on key employees, the loss of whom would adversely affect our business. If we fail to attract and retain employees with the expertise required for our business, we may be unable to continue to grow our business. 

25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Disruption of critical information technology systems, infrastructure and data or cyberattacks could harm our business and financial condition. 

Any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with legal or regulatory requirements related to privacy, cyber security and data protection in one or multiple jurisdictions could result in proceedings, actions or penalties against us. 

If third party payors do not provide sufficient coverage and reimbursement to healthcare providers for use of our product platforms or if the number of patients covered by health insurance reduces, demand for our products and our revenue could be adversely affected. 

The safety and efficacy of our products for certain uses is not yet supported by long term clinical data, and our products may therefore prove to be less safe and effective than initially thought. 

We rely on third parties to perform spare parts shipping and other logistics functions on our behalf. A failure or disruption at our logistics providers would adversely impact our business. 

Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property or that we are operating outside the scope of or violating a license or other agreement relating to their intellectual property. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

It is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 

Risks related to the regulation of our products and business 
 Modifications, upgrades, new indications and future products related to our products may require new Food and Drug Administration FDA 510(k) clearances or premarket approvals and similar licensing or approvals in international markets. 

We are subject to federal, state and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our operations, the violation of which could result in substantial penalties and harm our business. 

If we or our distributors do not obtain and maintain the necessary regulatory approvals in a specific country, we will not be able to market and sell our products in that country. 

Risks related to our common stock 
 The price of our common stock is volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly, which could lead to losses for stockholders. 

Future issuances of shares of our common stock could dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. 

The conditional conversion features of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Provisions in the indenture for the Notes, the credit agreement for our Credit Facilities (as defined below), our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws could discourage or prevent a takeover, even if an acquisition would be beneficial in the opinion of our stockholders. 

General Risks 
 Our liquidity could be adversely impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. 

26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risk Factors 
 We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10 K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on our business, financial condition and future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may impact the forward looking statements described elsewhere in this Form 10 K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in forward looking statements. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Results of Operations 
 We face risks related to the current global economic environment, including risks arising in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation or recession, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations by, among other things, delaying or preventing our customers from obtaining financing to purchase our products and services or implementing the required facilities to house our systems. 
 Our business and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global markets and the economy generally. Concerns over economic and political stability; inflation levels and related efforts to mitigate inflation; a potential recession; the level of U.S. national debt, the U.S. debt credit rating and U.S. budgetary concerns; currency fluctuations and volatility; the rate of growth of Japan, China and other Asian economies; unemployment; the availability and cost of credit; trade relations, including the imposition of various sanctions and tariffs in other countries; the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic; energy costs; instability in the banking and financial services sector and geopolitical uncertainty and conflict have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets in general. In turn, periods of economic slowdown or recession could lead to a reduction in demand for our products and services, which in turn would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations and our financial position. The results of these macroeconomic conditions, and the actions taken by governments, central banks, companies, and consumers in response, have and may continue to result in higher inflation in the U.S. and globally, which has led to an increase in costs and caused changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including increased interest rates. Other adverse impacts of recent macroeconomic conditions have been and may continue to be supply chain constraints, logistics challenges, and fluctuations in labor availability. Thus, if general macroeconomic conditions deteriorate, our business and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 In an inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products and services sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. Impacts from inflationary pressures could be more pronounced and materially adversely impact aspects of our business where revenue streams and cost commitments are linked to contractual agreements that extend many years into the future, as we may not be able to quickly or easily adjust pricing, reduce costs, or implement counter measures. A higher inflationary environment can also negatively impact raw material, component, and logistics costs that, in turn, has increased the costs of producing and distributing our products. For example, in fiscal year 2023, inflationary pressures resulted in rising costs for certain materials, including increased logistics costs, that have adversely affected our gross margins, which have had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Continued pressure from inflationary factors could further exacerbate these effects. 
 Further, the U.S. federal government has called for, or enacted, substantial changes to healthcare, trade, fiscal, and tax policies, which may include changes to existing trade agreements and may have a significant impact on our operations. For example, the United States has imposed tariffs on certain foreign products, including from China, that have resulted in and may result in future retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods and products. We cannot predict whether these policies will continue, or if new policies will be enacted, or the impact, if any, that any policy changes could have on our business. In addition, failure of the U.S. Government to pass a budget in a timely manner or any reductions in healthcare spending in the budget may adversely impact us or our customers. If economic conditions worsen, or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system, trade, fiscal or tax policies, customer demand may not materialize to levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Additionally, the uncertain macroeconomic environment, including volatile credit markets and concerns regarding the availability and cost of credit, increased interest rates, inflation, reduced economic growth or a recession, instability in the 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 banking and financial services sector or concerns related to the COVID-19 pandemic, in any of the geographic areas where we do business, could impact consumer and customer demand for our products and services, as well as our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers and creditors, including financial institutions, and the ability of our customers to meet their obligations to us. For example, in the United States, at least one customer has declared bankruptcy causing us to increase our bad debt reserve due to the expectation that they will be unable to pay us. Further, some of our customers have been delayed in obtaining, or have not been able to obtain, necessary financing for their purchases of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms. In addition, some of our customers have been delayed in obtaining, or have not been able to obtain, necessary financing for the construction or renovation of facilities to house the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, the cost of which can be substantial. These delays have, in some instances, led to our customers postponing the shipment and installation of previously ordered systems or cancelling their system orders and may cause other customers to postpone their system installation or to cancel their agreements with us. A continuation or further deterioration of the adverse economic environment would further increase delays and order cancellations, or affect our ability to collect from our customers, any of which would continue to adversely affect revenues, and therefore, harm our business and results of operations. 
 If the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms do not achieve widespread market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. 
 Achieving physician, patient, hospital administrator and third party payor acceptance of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms as preferred methods of tumor treatment is crucial to our continued success. Physicians will not begin to use or increase the use of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms unless they determine, based on experience, clinical data and other factors, that the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms are safe and effective alternatives to traditional treatment methods. Further, physicians may be slow to adopt new or updated versions of our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms because of the perceived liability risks arising from the use of new products and the uncertainty of reimbursement from third-party payors, particularly in light of ongoing health care reform initiatives and the evolving U.S. health care environment. If we are not able to expand market acceptance of our products and maintain and increase our base of installed systems, or installed base, then sales of our products may not meet expectations. Any failure to expand and protect our existing installed base could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We often need to educate physicians about the use of stereotactic radiosurgery, image guided radiation therapy IGRT and adaptive radiation therapy, convince healthcare payors that the benefits of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and their related treatment processes outweigh their costs, and help train qualified physicians in the skilled use of these systems. In addition, we also must educate prospective customers regarding the entire functionality of our radiation therapy systems and their relative benefits compared to alternative products and treatment methods. We must also increase awareness among potential patients, who are increasingly educated about treatment options and therefore, impact adoption of new technologies by clinicians. We have expended and will continue to expend significant resources on marketing and educational efforts to create awareness of stereotactic radiosurgery and robotic intensity-modulated radiotherapy IMRT as well as adaptive radiation therapy and IGRT generally and to encourage the acceptance and adoption of our products for these technologies. We cannot be sure that our products will gain significant market acceptance among physicians, patients and healthcare payors, even if we spend significant time and expense on their education. 
 In addition to achieving market acceptance of our products and the need to educate physicians and others about the benefits of our products, the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms are major capital purchases, and purchase decisions are greatly influenced by hospital administrators who are subject to increasing pressures to reduce costs. In addition, hospitals and other health professionals may reduce staffing and reduce or postpone meetings with potential suppliers in response to the spread of an infectious disease, such as COVID-19, effectively delaying the decision on potential purchases of new products such as ours. These and other factors, including the following, may affect the rate and level of market acceptance of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms: 
 the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms price relative to other products or competing treatments; 

our ability to develop new products and enhancements and receive regulatory clearances and approval, if required, to such products in a timely manner; 

increased scrutiny by state boards when evaluating certificates of need requested by purchasing institutions; 

28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 perception by patients, physicians and other members of the healthcare community of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms safety, efficacy, efficiency and benefits compared to competing technologies or treatments; 

willingness of physicians to adopt new techniques and the ability of physicians to acquire the skills necessary to operate the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms; 

extent of third party coverage and reimbursement rates, particularly from Medicare, for procedures using the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms; and 

development of new products and technologies by our competitors or new treatment alternatives. 

If the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms are unable to achieve or maintain market acceptance, new orders and sales of our systems would be adversely affected, our revenue levels would decrease and our business would be harmed. 
 Our ability to achieve profitability depends in part on maintaining or increasing our gross margins on product sales and services, which we may not be able to achieve. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 502.1 million. We have incurred net losses, and expect to incur net losses in the future, particularly as selling and marketing activities increase ahead of any expected revenue. Our ability to achieve and sustain long term profitability is largely dependent on our ability to successfully market and sell the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, control our costs, and effectively manage our growth. We cannot assure you that we will be able to achieve profitability and even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. In the event we fail to achieve profitability, our stock price could decline. 
 Our ability to achieve profitability also depends on our ability to maintain or increase our gross margins on product sales and services. A number of factors have adversely impacted or could impact gross margins, including: 
 lower than expected manufacturing yields of high cost components leading to increased manufacturing costs; 

low production volume, which will result in high levels of overhead cost per unit of production; 

lower selling pricing; 

our ability to sell products and services, recognize revenue from our sales and the timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals; 

increased labor costs or other costs as a result of increased inflation and supply chain constraints; 

delays in receipt of or increased costs related to critical components parts, including as a result of supply chain disruptions; 

increased inventory costs and liabilities for excess inventory resulting from inventory held in excess of forecasted demand; 

increased service or warranty costs or the failure to reduce service or warranty costs; 

increased price competition; 

variation in the margins across products installed in a particular period; 

changes to U.S. and foreign trade policies, including enactments of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S. and any retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods, including our products; and 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 how well we execute on our strategic and operating plans. 

If we are unable to maintain or increase our gross margins on product sales and service, our results of operations could be adversely impacted, we may not achieve profitability and our stock price could decline. 
 The effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, or the perception of its effects, as well as the responses of governments and private industry on our operations and the operations of our customers and suppliers, have and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Governments, public institutions, and other organizations have taken and are taking certain preventative or protective measures to combat the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we are unable to predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are closely monitoring the trends in the COVID-19 pandemic and are continually assessing its current and potential effects on our business. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 related restrictions in China, sales in China have decreased and we have experienced delays in the JV obtaining certain necessary regulatory approvals for a Class B device. Sales in China may continue to experience declines if additional COVID-19 related restrictions are initiated in the future. In addition, as a result of timing delays caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have and are continuing to experience disruptions in our sales and revenue cycle as well as declines in deliveries and installations of our products, which has adversely impacted the pace at which our backlog converts to revenue. These timing delays have been a result of various factors driven by the COVID-19 pandemic, including disruptions in the operations of our customers that have redirected customer resources to the COVID-19 response and away from purchases of capital equipment such as our products, disruptions and restrictions on our ability to travel to customer sites, disruptions in our supply chain, and manufacturing interruptions. We have also experienced delays in payment and planned installations as a result of the changes to and redirection of customer resources to the response to the COVID-19 pandemic and closures of customer facilities, which may continue if COVID-19 resurges in certain areas, particularly as it relates to COVID-19 related lockdowns in China. 
 In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors impacted the global supply chain, causing disruptions to service providers, logistics and the flow and availability of supplies and products. In particular, we have experienced disruptions in parts of our supply chain that have resulted in delays in the receipt of certain components for our products that have also delayed shipments of our products as well as increased pricing pressure for such parts. These ongoing supply chain challenges and heightened logistics costs have affected our gross margins and net income (loss), and our current expectations are that gross margins and net income (loss) will continue to be adversely affected by increased material costs and freight and logistic expenses at least through the remainder of fiscal year 2024, if not longer. Furthermore, certain parts required for the manufacturing and servicing of our products are scarce and becoming increasingly difficult to source, even at increased prices. If such parts become unavailable to us, we would not be able to manufacture or service our products, which would adversely impact revenue, gross margins, and net income (loss). Additionally, to protect the health and well-being of our employees, suppliers, and customers, we have implemented remote work arrangements. Other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic have included and could include significant and unpredictable reductions in the demand for our products; a deepening of the changes to the operations and workflows of our customers that could result in increased customer defaults or delays in payment; additional delays, cancellations and redirection of planned capital expenditures and installations of our system by our customers to focus resources on COVID-19; a reduction or interruption in any of our manufacturing processes resulting in our inability to meet demand for our products or services; or closures of our key facilities or the facilities of our customers or suppliers. For example, cancellations of orders have increased due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Further, a lack of coordinated response on or compliance with risk mitigation with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic could result in significant increases to the duration and severity of the pandemic and could have a corresponding negative impact on our business. 
 Additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently; however, the COVID-19 pandemic or the perception of its effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic and the various responses to it, may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks discussed in this Risk Factors section. 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have outstanding indebtedness in the form of Convertible Senior Notes and a credit facility and may incur other debt in the future, which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. 
 In May 2021, we issued 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Notes ). As our debt matures, we anticipate having to expend significant resources to either repay or refinance the Notes. For example, in May 2021, in connection with the issuance of the Notes, we (i) exchanged approximately 82.1 million aggregate principal amount of our previously issued 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 for approximately 97.1 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes and (ii) sold approximately 2.9 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes for cash. If we decide to, or are required to, refinance the Notes in the future, we may be required to do so on different or less favorable terms or we may be unable to refinance the Notes at all, both of which may adversely affect our financial condition. 
 In May 2021, we entered into a credit agreement that provided us with a five-year 80.0 million term loan (the Term Loan Facility and 40.0 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and together with the Term Loan Facility , the Credit Facilities ). 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had total consolidated liabilities of approximately 425.6 million; including long-term liabilities of the Notes of 100.0 million, the Revolving Credit Facility of 10.0 million and the Term Loan Facility of 70.0 million, of which 5.7 million is classified as short-term loan. Our existing and future levels of indebtedness could have important consequences to stockholders and note holders and may adversely affect our financial conditions and future financial results by, among other things: 
 affecting our ability to satisfy our obligations under the Notes and Credit Facilities; 

requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to interest and principal payments, which may not be available for operations, working capital, capital expenditures, expansion, acquisitions or general corporate or other purposes; 

impairing our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; 

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and 

increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 

The credit agreement governing the Credit Facilities (the Existing Credit Agreement also include certain restrictive covenants that limit, among other things, our ability and our subsidiaries ability to (i) incur indebtedness, (ii) incur liens on their property, (iii) pay dividends or make other distributions, (iv) sell their assets, (v) make certain loans or investments, (vi) merge or consolidate, (vii) voluntarily repay or prepay certain indebtedness and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, such agreements require us to meet certain financial covenants, including a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated senior net leverage ratio, as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement. In October 2022, we entered into an amendment with respect of our Existing Credit Agreement to change the requirements of the financial maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022 through the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023. However, following June 30, 2023, our financial maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement will become more stringent and, as a result could be more difficult to comply with. These restrictions could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs, withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general, engage in business activities, including future opportunities that may be in our interest, and plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. Our ability to comply with the covenants and other terms governing the Credit Facilities will depend in part on our future operating performance. If we fail to comply with such covenants and terms, we may be in default and the maturity of the related debt could be accelerated and become immediately due and payable. In addition, because substantially all of our assets are pledged as a security under the Credit Facilities, if we are not able to cure any default or repay outstanding borrowings, such assets are subject to the risk of foreclosure by our lenders. From time to time, we may not be in compliance with such covenants or other terms governing the Credit Facilities and we may be required to obtain waivers or amendments to the Existing Credit Agreement from our lenders in order to maintain compliance and there can be no certainty that any such waiver or amendment will be available, or what the cost of such waiver or amendment, if obtained, would be. If we are unable to obtain necessary waivers and the debt under such credit facility is accelerated, we would be required to obtain 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 replacement financing at prevailing market rates, which may not be favorable to us. Additionally, a default on indebtedness could result in a default under the terms of the indenture governing the Notes. There is no guarantee that we would be able to satisfy our obligations if any of our indebtedness is accelerated. 
 
 In addition, our debt obligations consist of a variety of financial instruments that expose us to interest rate risk, including, but not limited to the Credit Facilities and Notes. If the amount outstanding under the Credit Facilities remained at this level for the next 12 months and interest rates increased or decreased by 50 basis point change, our annual interest expense would increase or decrease, respectively, approximately 0.4 million. 
 Our operating results, including our cash flows, quarterly orders, revenues and margins fluctuate from quarter to quarter and may be unpredictable, which may result in a decline in our stock price. 
 We have experienced and expect in the future to experience fluctuations in our operating results, including gross orders, revenues and margins, from period to period. Drivers of orders include the introduction and timing of new product or product enhancement announcements by us and our competitors, the timing of regulatory approvals, changes in price by us and our competitors as well as changes or anticipated changes in third party reimbursement amounts or policies applicable to treatments using our products. The availability of economic stimulus packages or other government funding, or reductions thereof, may also affect timing of customer purchases. Our products have a high unit price and require significant capital expenditures by our customers. Accordingly, we experience long sales and implementation cycles, which is of greater concern during a volatile economic environment where we have had customers delay or cancel orders. The timing of when orders are placed, when installation, delivery or shipping, as applicable, is accomplished and when revenue is recognized affect our quarterly results. Further, because of the high unit price of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and the relatively small number of units sold or installed each quarter, each sale or installation of a CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform can represent a significant percentage of our net orders, backlog or revenue for a particular quarter and shifts in sales or installation from one quarter to another may have significant effects. For example, multi-system sales or sales involving negotiations with integrated delivery networks involve additional complexities to the transaction and require a longer timeline to finalize the sale, which make it more difficult to predict the quarter in which the sale will occur. In addition, we have experienced and are continuing to experience delays in orders and installations due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic at our customer sites. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our business operations, including our employees, customers and partners, and there is substantial uncertainty in the nature and degree of its continued effects over time. 
 Once orders are received and booked into backlog, there is a risk that we may not recognize revenue in the near term or at all. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely impacted the pace at which the backlog converts to revenue. This is primarily the result of delays in the timing of deliveries and installations in fiscal 2020 through 2022 caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which resulted in decreased revenue for these periods. These delays in deliveries and installations may continue, to some degree, through the remainder of calendar year 2023, which could have a negative impact on our revenue during such period. Factors that may affect whether these orders become revenue (or are cancelled or deemed aged out and reflected as a reduction in net orders) and the timing of revenue include: 
 economic or political instability, including volatility related to the current global economic environment and the COVID-19 pandemic; 

delays in the customer obtaining or inability of a customer to obtain funding or financing; 

delays in construction at the customer site and delays in installation; 

delays in the customer obtaining or inability of such customer to obtain local or foreign regulatory approvals such as certificates of need in certain states or Class A or Class B user licenses in China; 

the terms of the applicable sales and service contracts of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms; and 

the proportion of revenue attributable to orders placed by our distributors, which may be more difficult to forecast due to factors outside our control. 

32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our operating results may also be affected by a number of other factors, some of which are outside of our control, including: 
 delays in business operations of our customers or vendors, construction at customer sites and installation, including delays caused by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or supply chain delays; 

timing and level of expenditures associated with new product development activities; 

regulatory requirements in some states for a certificate of need prior to the installation of a radiation device or foreign regulatory approvals, such as Class A or Class B user licenses in China; 

delays in shipment due to, among other things, unanticipated construction delays at customer locations where our products are to be installed, cancellations by customers, natural disasters, global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, or labor disturbances; 

delays in our manufacturing processes or unexpected manufacturing difficulties, including due to supply chain and logistics challenges; 

the timing of the announcement, introduction and delivery of new products or product upgrades by us and by our competitors; 

timing and level of expenditures associated with expansion of sales and marketing activities such as trade shows and our overall operations; 

the timing and level of expenditures associated with our financing activities; 

the effects of foreign currency adjustments; 

changes in accounting principles, such as those related to revenue recognition, or in the interpretation or the application thereof; and 

fluctuations in our gross margins and the factors that contribute to such fluctuations, as described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the risk factor entitled, Our ability to achieve profitability depends in part on maintaining or increasing our gross margins on product sales and services, which we may not be able to achieve. 

Because many of our operating expenses are based on anticipated sales and a high percentage of these expenses are fixed for the short term, a small variation in the timing of revenue recognition can cause significant variations in operating results from quarter to quarter. If our financial results fall below the expectation of securities analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock would almost certainly decline. 
 We report our orders and backlog on a quarterly and annual basis. Unlike revenues, orders and backlog are not defined by United States generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ), and are not within the scope of the audit conducted by our independent registered public accounting firm. Also, for the reasons discussed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, our orders and backlog cannot necessarily be relied upon as accurate predictors of future revenues. Order cancellation or significant delays in installation date will reduce our backlog and future revenues, and we cannot predict if or when orders will mature into revenues. Particularly high levels of cancellations or age-outs in one or more periods may cause our revenue and gross margins to decline in current or future periods and will make it difficult to compare our operating results from quarter to quarter. We cannot assure you that our backlog will result in revenue on a timely basis or at all, or that any cancelled contracts will be replaced. 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our industry is subject to intense competition and rapid technological change, which may result in products or new tumor treatments that are superior to the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. If we are unable to anticipate or keep pace with changes in the marketplace and the direction of technological innovation and customer demands, our products may become obsolete or less useful and our operating results will suffer. 
 The medical device industry in general and the non invasive cancer treatment field in particular are subject to intense and increasing competition and rapidly evolving technologies. Because our products often have long development and government approval cycles, we must anticipate changes in the marketplace and the direction of technological innovation and customer demands. To compete successfully, we will need to continue to demonstrate the advantages of our products and technologies over well established alternative procedures, products and technologies, and convince physicians and other healthcare decision makers of the advantages of our products and technologies. Traditional surgery and other forms of minimally invasive procedures, brachytherapy, chemotherapy or other drugs remain alternatives to the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. 
 We consider the competition for the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms to be existing radiation therapy systems, primarily using C arm linacs, which are sold by large, well capitalized companies with significantly greater market share and resources than we have. Several of these competitors are also able to leverage their fixed sales, service and other costs over multiple products or product lines. In particular, we compete with a number of existing radiation therapy equipment companies, including Varian Medical Systems, Inc., a Siemens Healthineers company Varian ), Elekta AB Elekta ), RefleXion Medical Inc. and Zap Surgical Systems. Varian has been the leader in the external beam radiation therapy market for many years and has the majority market share for radiation therapy systems worldwide. In general, because of aging demographics and attractive market factors in oncology, we believe that new competitors will enter the radiosurgery and radiation therapy markets in the years ahead. In addition, some manufacturers of conventional linac based radiation therapy systems, including Varian and Elekta, have products that can be used in combination with body and/or head frames and image guidance systems to perform both radiosurgical and radiotherapy procedures. Varian was acquired by Siemens Healthineers in 2021,which may result in Varian having greater resources and increase their ability to develop new products and technologies and provide better pricing to customers. 
 Furthermore, many government, academic and business entities are investing substantial resources in research and development of cancer treatments, including surgical approaches, radiation treatment, MRI guided radiotherapy systems, proton therapy systems, drug treatment, gene therapy (which is the treatment of disease by replacing, manipulating, or supplementing nonfunctional genes) and other approaches. Successful developments that result in new approaches for the treatment of cancer could reduce the attractiveness of our products or render them obsolete. 
 Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to establish and maintain a competitive position in current and future technologies. Rapid technological development may render the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and their technologies obsolete. Many of our competitors have or may have greater corporate, financial, operational, sales and marketing resources, and more experience and resources in research and development than we have. We cannot assure you that our competitors will not succeed in developing or marketing technologies or products that are more effective or commercially attractive than our products or that would render our technologies and products obsolete or less useful. We may not have the financial resources, technical expertise, marketing, distribution or support capabilities to compete successfully in the future. In addition, some of our competitors may compete by changing their pricing model or by lowering the price of their products. If we are unable to maintain or increase our selling prices, our revenue and gross margins may suffer. Our success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with our technologies. 
 In addition to competition from technologies performing similar functions as our platforms, competition also exists for the limited capital expenditure budgets of our customers. For example, our platforms may compete with other equipment required by a radiation therapy department for financing under the same capital expenditure budget, which is typically limited. A purchaser, such as a hospital or cancer treatment center, may be required to select between the two items of capital equipment. Our ability to compete may also be adversely affected when purchase decisions are based solely upon price, since our products are premium priced systems due to their higher level of functionality and performance. 
 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We derive most of our revenue from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets in the future. In addition, we have employees engaged in R D, manufacturing, administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities. 
 As a result of our international operations, in addition to similar risks we face in our U.S. operations, we are affected by economic, business, regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following: 
 economic or political instability in the world or in particular regions or countries in which we do business, including the market volatility resulting from the COVID-19 related restrictions and conflicts or war, such as the war in Ukraine; 

import delays; 

changes in foreign laws and regulations governing, among other matters, the clearance, approval and sales of medical devices; 

compliance with differing foreign regulatory requirements to sell and market our products; 

U.S. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate, which may, among other things, affect our access to such markets, including China, where our JV is located; 

longer payment cycles associated with many customers outside the United States; 

inability of customers to obtain requisite government approvals, such as customers in China, including customers of the JV, obtaining one of the limited number of Class A or Class B user licenses available in order to purchase our products; 

effective compliance with privacy, data protection and information security laws, such as the European Union EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR and new regulations in China; 

adequate coverage and reimbursement for the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platform treatment procedures outside the United States; 

failure of local laws to provide the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property; 

protectionist laws and business practices that favor local competitors; 

U.S. trade and economic sanctions policies that are in effect from time to time and the possibility that foreign countries may impose additional taxes, tariffs or other restrictions on foreign trade; 

trade restrictions that are in effect from time to time, including U.S. prohibitions and restrictions on exports of certain products and technologies to certain nations and customers; 

the unfamiliarity of shipping companies and other logistics providers with U.S. export control laws, which may lead to their unwillingness to ship or delays in shipping, our products to certain nations and customers despite such shipments being permitted under such laws; 

the inability to obtain required export or import licenses or approvals; 

risks relating to foreign currency, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates possibly causing fewer sales due to the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar; 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 effects of and uncertainties caused by the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union; 

contractual provisions governed by foreign laws; and 

natural disasters, such as earthquakes and fires, and global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, such as COVID-19 or data privacy or security incidents, that may have a disproportionate effect in certain geographies resulting in decreased demand or decreased ability of our employees or employees of our customers and partners to work and travel. 

Our inability to overcome these obstacles could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Even if we are successful in managing these obstacles, our partners internationally are subject to these same risks and may not be able to manage these obstacles effectively. 
 In addition, our partners internationally are subject to these same risks. If we or our partners are impacted by any of these factors, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our results have been and may continue to be impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Our operating results are subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Currently, the majority of our international sales are denominated in U.S. Dollars. As a result, an increase in the value of the U.S. Dollar relative to foreign currencies could require us to reduce our sales price or make our products less competitive in international markets. Foreign exchange continues to be a significant headwind as the U.S. Dollar has strengthened recently, which affect our results of operations and could cause potential delays in orders and we may see our sales and margins outside of the U.S. decline as we may not be able to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar. Also, if our international sales continue to increase, we may enter into a greater number of transactions denominated in non U.S. Dollars, which would expose us to foreign currency risks, including changes in currency exchange rates. If we are unable to address these risks and challenges effectively, our international operations may not be successful and our business would be materially harmed. 
 Enhanced international tariffs, including tariffs imposed by the United States and China that affect our products or components within our products, other trade barriers or a global trade war could increase our costs and materially and adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. 
 Our global business could be negatively affected by trade barriers and other governmental protectionist measures, any of which can be imposed suddenly and unpredictably. For example, following Russia s invasion of Ukraine, the United States and other countries imposed economic sanctions and severe export control restrictions against Russia and Belarus, and the United States and other countries could impose wider sanctions and export restrictions and take other actions should the conflict further escalate. Any exports or sales of our products into Russia and Belarus may be impacted by these restrictions. The military conflict in Ukraine has also led to an unprecedented expansion of sanction programs imposed against Russia by the United States, Canada, the EU, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Japan, among others, that in relevant part, impose sanctions against some of the largest state-owned and private Russian financial institutions (and their subsequent removal from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication SWIFT payment system) and certain Russian businesses, some of which have significant financial and trade ties to the EU, making it increasingly difficult to transfer money from Russia to other countries. In response to new international sanctions, and as part of measures to stabilize and support the volatile Russian financial and currency markets, the Russian authorities imposed significant currency control measures aimed at restricting the outflow of foreign currency and capital from Russia, imposed various restrictions on transacting with non-Russian parties, banned exports of various products and imposed other economic and financial restrictions. If we are unable to receive payment from customers in Russia or transfer money outside of Russia, it could affect our ability to convert backlog from that region into revenue. The situation continues to evolve, and the United States, the EU, the United Kingdom and other countries may implement additional sanctions, export controls or other measures against Russia and other countries, regions, officials, individuals or industries in the respective territories. Such sanctions and measures, as well as existing and potential further responses from Russia or other countries, could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations, which may also magnify the impact of other risks described in this Risk Factors section. 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 There is also currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the U.S. and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Since the beginning of 2018, there has been legislative or executive action, from U.S. and foreign leaders regarding instituting tariffs against foreign imports of certain materials. During the last half of calendar year 2018, the federal government imposed a series of tariffs ranging from 10 to 25 on a variety of imports from China. These tariffs affect certain components, including the linear accelerator for our CyberKnife platforms, which we manufacture in China and import into the U.S., as well as other components that we import into the U.S. from our suppliers. China has responded to these tariffs with retaliatory tariffs ranging from 5 to 25 on a wide range of products from the U.S., which include certain of our products. Although the U.S. and China signed an initial trade deal in January 2020 and we have thus far been able to obtain tariff exemptions for medical linear accelerators imported into the U.S. from China, there has been a change in the U.S. presidential administration and, for that, and other reasons, there is no assurance that the exemption on medical linear accelerators will continue or that we will continue to qualify for such exemption. If these tariffs continue, if additional tariffs are placed on certain of our components or products, or if any related counter-measures are taken by China, the U.S. or other countries, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially harmed. The imposition of tariffs could also increase our costs and require us to raise prices on our products, which may negatively impact the demand for our products in the affected market. If we are not successful in offsetting the impact of any such tariffs, our revenue, gross margins and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 These tariffs are subject to a number of uncertainties as they are implemented, including future adjustments and changes. The ultimate reaction of other countries and the impact of these tariffs or other actions on the U.S., the global economy and our business, financial condition and results of operations, cannot be predicted at this time, nor can we predict the impact of any other developments with respect to global trade. Further, the imposition of additional tariffs by the U.S. could result in the adoption of additional tariffs by other countries, as well as further retaliatory actions by any affected country. Any resulting trade war could negatively impact the global market for medical devices, including radiation therapy devices, and could have a significant adverse effect on our business. These developments may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and they may significantly reduce global trade. Any of these factors could depress economic activity, restrict our access to customers and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we encounter manufacturing problems, or if our manufacturing facilities do not continue to meet federal, state or foreign manufacturing standards, we may be required to temporarily cease all or part of our manufacturing operations, which would result in delays and lost revenue. 
 The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms are complex and require the integration of a number of components from several sources of supply. We must manufacture and assemble these complex systems in commercial quantities in compliance with regulatory requirements and at an acceptable cost. Our linear accelerator components are extremely complex devices and require significant expertise to manufacture, and we may encounter difficulties in scaling up production of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, including problems with quality control and assurance, component supply shortages, increased costs, shortages of qualified personnel, the long lead time required to develop additional radiation shielded facilities for purposes of testing our products and/or difficulties associated with compliance with local, state, federal and foreign regulatory requirements. In addition, the macroeconomic environment and the COVID-19 pandemic has and may continue to impact the supply of key components such that we may not receive them in a timely manner, in sufficient quantities, or at a reasonable cost. In addition, as a result of COVID-related restrictions in China, we may also experience limitations in the availability of qualified personnel. If component supply or our manufacturing capacity does not keep pace with demand, we will not be able to fulfill product orders or service our products in a timely manner, which in turn may have a negative effect on our financial results and overall business. Conversely, if demand for our products decreases, the fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity may adversely affect our financial results. 
 Our manufacturing processes and the manufacturing processes of our third party suppliers are required to comply with the FDA s Quality System Regulations QSR for any products imported into, or sold within, the U.S. The QSR is a complex regulatory scheme that covers the methods and documentation of the design, testing, production process and controls, manufacturing, labeling, quality assurance, packaging, storage and shipping of our products. Furthermore, we are required to verify that our suppliers maintain facilities, procedures and operations that comply with our quality requirements. We are also subject to state licensing and other requirements and licenses applicable to manufacturers of medical devices, and we are required to comply with International Organization for Standardization ISO ), quality system standards in order to produce products for sale in Europe and Canada, as well as various other foreign laws and regulations. Because our manufacturing 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 processes include the production of diagnostic and therapeutic X ray equipment and laser equipment, we are subject to the electronic product radiation control provisions of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, which requires that we file reports with the FDA, applicable states and our customers regarding the distribution, manufacturing and installation of these types of equipment. The FDA enforces the QSR and the electronic product radiation control provisions through periodic inspections, some of which may be unannounced. We have been and anticipate in the future being subject to such inspections. FDA inspections usually occur every two to three years. During such inspections, the FDA may issue Inspectional Observations on Form FDA 483, listing instances where the manufacturer has failed to comply with applicable regulations and procedures, or warning letters. 
 If a manufacturer does not adequately address the observations, the FDA may take enforcement action against the manufacturer, including the imposition of fines, restriction of the ability to export product, total shutdown of production facilities and criminal prosecution. If we or a third party supplier receive a Form FDA 483 with material or major observations that are not promptly corrected, fail to pass a QSR inspection, or fail to comply with these, ISO and other applicable regulatory requirements, our operations could be disrupted and our ability to generate sales could be delayed. Our failure to take prompt and satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse inspection or our failure to comply with applicable standards could result in enforcement actions, including a public warning letter, a shutdown of our manufacturing operations, a recall of our products, civil or criminal penalties, or other sanctions, which would cause our sales and business to suffer. In addition, because some foreign regulatory approvals are based on approvals or clearances from the FDA, any failure to comply with FDA requirements may also disrupt our sales of products in other countries. We cannot assure you that the FDA or other governmental authorities would agree with our interpretation of applicable regulatory requirements or that we or our third party suppliers have in all instances fully complied with all applicable requirements. If any of these events occur, our reputation could be harmed, we could lose customers and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we cannot achieve the required level and quality of production, we may need to outsource production or rely on licensing and other arrangements with third parties who possess sufficient manufacturing facilities and capabilities in compliance with regulatory requirements. Even if we could outsource needed production or enter into licensing or other third party arrangements, this could reduce our gross margin and expose us to the risks inherent in relying on others. We also cannot assure you that our suppliers will deliver an adequate supply of required components on a timely basis or that they will adequately comply with the QSR. Failure to obtain these components on a timely basis would disrupt our manufacturing processes and increase our costs, which would harm our operating results. 
 If we are unable to develop new products or enhance existing products to meet our customers needs and compete favorably in the market, we may be unable to attract or retain customers. 
 Our success depends on the successful development, regulatory clearance or approval, introduction and commercialization of new generations of products, treatment systems, and enhancements to and/or simplification of existing products that will meet our customers needs provide novel features and compete favorably in the market. The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, which are currently our principal products, are technologically complex and must keep pace with, among other things, the products of our competitors and new technologies. We are making significant investments in long term growth initiatives. Such initiatives require significant capital commitments, involvement of senior management and other investments on our part, which we may be unable to recover. Our timeline for the development of new products or enhancements may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. Commercialization of new products may prove challenging, and we may be required to invest more time and money than expected to successfully introduce them. Once introduced, new products may adversely impact orders and sales of our existing products or make them less desirable or even obsolete. Compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences may also impact the successful implementation of new products or enhancements. Our inability to develop, gain regulatory approval for or supply competitive products to the market as quickly and effectively as our competitors could limit market acceptance of our products and reduce our sales. 
 In addition, we depend on one of our customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in orders from our major customer could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. We had one customer that represented 10 or more of total net revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 respectively. In the future, our major customer may decide not to purchase our products at all, may purchase fewer products than they did in the past, or may defer or cancel purchases or otherwise alter their purchasing patterns. 
 Our ability to successfully develop and introduce new products, treatment systems and product enhancements and simplifications, and the revenues and costs associated with these efforts, will be affected by our ability to: 
 properly identify and address customer needs; 

prove feasibility of new products in a timely manner; 

educate physicians about the use of new products and procedures; 

comply with internal quality assurance systems and processes timely and efficiently; 

manage the timing and cost of obtaining regulatory approvals or clearances; 

accurately predict and control costs associated with inventory overruns caused by phase in of new products and phase out of old products; 

price new products competitively; 

manufacture and deliver our products in sufficient volumes on time and accurately predict and control costs associated with manufacturing, installation, warranty and maintenance of the products; 

meet our product development plan and launch timelines; 

enter into collaborations with third parties. For example, a key component of our research and development program is our collaboration with research programs at selected hospitals, cancer treatment centers, academic institutions and research institutions worldwide; 

improve manufacturing yields of components; and 

manage customer demands for retrofits of both old and new products. 

Even if customers accept new products or product enhancements, the revenues from these products may not be sufficient to offset the significant costs associated with making them available to customers. 
 We cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval or clearance for, manufacture or introduce new products, treatment systems or enhancements, the roll out of which involves compliance with complex quality assurance processes, including QSR. Failure to obtain regulatory approval or clearance for our products or to complete these processes in a timely and efficient manner could result in delays that could affect our ability to attract and retain customers, or could cause customers to delay or cancel orders, causing our backlog, revenues and operating results to suffer. 
 If we do not effectively manage our growth, our business may be significantly harmed. 
 In order to implement our business strategy, we expect continued growth in our infrastructure requirements, particularly as we expand into new and growing markets as well as expand our manufacturing capacities and sales and marketing capabilities. To manage our growth, we must expand our facilities, augment our management, operational and financial systems, hire and train additional qualified personnel, scale up our manufacturing capacity and expand our marketing and distribution capabilities, all of which will be more difficult to accomplish the more employees we have that work remotely from home. Our manufacturing, assembly and installation process is complex and occurs over many months and we must effectively scale this entire process to satisfy customer expectations and changes in demand. Further, to accommodate our growth and compete effectively, we will be required to make improvements to our business operations. We cannot be certain that our personnel, systems, procedures and internal controls will be adequate to support our future operations and any 
 39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 expansion of our systems and infrastructure may require us to commit significant additional financial, operational and management resources. If we cannot manage our growth effectively, our business will suffer. 
 We could become subject to product liability claims, product recalls, other field actions and warranty claims that could be expensive, divert management s attention and harm our business. 
 Our business exposes us to potential liability risks that are inherent in the manufacturing, marketing, sale, installation, servicing, and support of medical device products. We may be held liable if one of our CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms or our software, including the Precision Treatment Planning with iDMS Data Management System software causes or contributes to injury or death or is found otherwise unsuitable during usage. Our products incorporate sophisticated components and computer software. Complex software can contain errors, particularly when first introduced. In addition, new products or enhancements may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after installation. Because our products are designed to be used to perform complex surgical and therapeutic procedures involving delivery of radiation to the body, defects, even if small, could result in a number of complications, some of which could be serious and could harm or kill patients. Any alleged weaknesses in physician training and services associated with our products may result in unsatisfactory patient outcomes and product liability lawsuits. It is also possible that defects in the design, manufacture or labeling of our products might necessitate a product recall or other field corrective action, which may result in warranty claims beyond our expectations and may harm our reputation and create adverse publicity. A product liability claim, regardless of its merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal defense costs that may not be covered by insurance and be time-consuming to defend. We may also be subject to claims for personal injury, property damage or economic loss related to, or resulting from, any errors or defects in our products, or the installation, servicing and support of our products, or any professional services rendered in conjunction with our products. Adverse publicity related to any product liability actions may cause patients to be less receptive to radiation therapy generally or our products specifically and could also result in additional regulation that could adversely affect our ability to promote, manufacture and sell our products. The coverage limits of our insurance policies may not be adequate to cover future claims. If sales of our products increase or we suffer future product liability claims, we may be unable to maintain product liability insurance in the future at satisfactory rates or with adequate amounts of coverage. A product liability claim, any product recalls or other field actions or excessive warranty claims, whether arising from defects in design or manufacture or labeling, could negatively affect our sales or require a change in the design, manufacturing process or the indications for which our systems or software may be used, any of which could harm our reputation and business and result in a decline in revenue. 
 In addition, if a product we designed or manufactured is defective, whether because of design or manufacturing, supplied parts, or labeling defects, improper use of the product or other reasons, we may be required to notify regulatory authorities and/or to recall the product, possibly at our expense. We have voluntarily initiated recalls and other product corrections in the past. For example, although we did not initiate any product recalls that were reportable to the FDA in fiscal year 2023; in fiscal year 2021, we voluntarily initiated one recall related to the TomoTherapy platform and one recall on the CyberKnife platform; and at the beginning of fiscal year 2024, we voluntarily initiated one recall related to the Radixact platform, which were reported to the FDA. We are committed to the safety and precision of our products and while no serious adverse health consequences have been reported in connection with these recalls and the costs associated with each such recall were not material, we cannot ensure that the FDA will not require that we take additional actions to address problems that resulted in previous recalls or that similar or more significant product recalls will not occur in the future. A required notification of a correction or removal to a regulatory authority or recall could result in an investigation by regulatory authorities of our products, which could in turn result in required recalls, restrictions on the sale of the products or other civil or criminal penalties. The adverse publicity resulting from any of these actions could cause customers to review and potentially terminate their relationships with us. These investigations, corrections or recalls, especially if accompanied by unfavorable publicity, patient injury or termination of customer contracts, could result in incurring substantial costs, losing revenues and damaging our reputation, each of which would harm our business. 
 Our reliance on single source suppliers for critical components of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely and cost effective manner. 
 We currently depend on single source suppliers for some of the critical components necessary to assemble the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, including, with respect to the CyberKnife platform, the robot, couch and magnetron and, with respect to the TomoTherapy platforms, the couch, solid state modulator and magnetron. In addition, as a result of global supply chain disruptions, we have experienced and continue to experience disruptions in parts of our supply chain, which has caused delays in the receipt of certain component parts for our products and increased pricing pressure for such parts, including with respect to parts purchased from our single-source suppliers, adversely affecting our gross margins in the near 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 term, and increasing the risk that these supply chain disruptions could materially affect our ability to meet customer demand. Furthermore, as a result of the effects of the macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic and associated supply chain challenges, some of our suppliers have limited or reduced the sale of such components to us or increased the cost of certain components to us. If these conditions worsen, or if these suppliers were to experience financial difficulties, additional supply chain or other problems that prevents them from supplying us with the necessary components, we could fail to meet product demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These sole source and other suppliers could also be subject to quality and performance issues, materials shortages, excess demand, reduction in capacity and other factors that may disrupt the flow of goods to us; thereby adversely affecting our business and customer relationships. If any single source supplier was to cease delivering components to us or fail to provide the components to our specifications and on a timely basis, we might be required to find alternative sources for these components. The disruption or termination of the supply of components, including as a result of global shortages in important components, have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary pressure on our supply chain and a significant increase in the costs of these components, which have materially affected and could continue to adversely affect our results of operations. In some cases, alternative suppliers may be located in the same geographic area as existing suppliers, and are thus subject to the same economic, political and geographic factors that may affect existing suppliers to meet our demand. We may have difficulty or be unable to find alternative sources for these components. Difficulties in obtaining a sufficient supply of component materials continue to increase, and we expect such difficulties to persist at least through the remainder of fiscal year 2024, if not longer. As a result, we may be unable to meet the demand for the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, which could harm our ability to generate revenue and damage our reputation. Even if we do find alternate suppliers, we will be required to qualify any such alternate suppliers and we would likely experience a lengthy delay in our manufacturing processes or a cessation in production, which would result in delays of shipment to end users. We cannot assure you that our single source suppliers will be able or willing to meet our future demands. 
 We generally do not maintain large volumes of inventory, which makes us even more susceptible to harm if a single source supplier fails to deliver components on a timely basis, and maintaining our historical levels of inventory has been adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and macroeconomic environment. Furthermore, if we are required to change the manufacturer of a critical component of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, we will be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities, procedures and operations that comply with our quality and applicable regulatory requirements and guidelines, which could further impede our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner. If the change in manufacturer results in a significant change to the product, a new 510(k) clearance would be necessary, which would likely cause substantial delays. The disruption or termination of the supply of key components for the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms could harm our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner or within budget, harm our ability to generate revenue, lead to customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 Failures of components also affect the reliability and performance of our products, can reduce customer confidence in our products, and may adversely affect our financial performance. From time to time, we may receive components that do not perform according to their specifications, which could result in the inability of such customer utilize our systems in their practices until such components are replaced. Any future difficulty in obtaining reliable component parts could result in increased customer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our reputation, our ability to protect and retain our installed base of customers and results of operations. 
 We depend on key employees, the loss of whom would adversely affect our business. If we fail to attract and retain employees with the expertise required for our business, we may be unable to continue to grow our business. 
 We are highly dependent on the members of our senior management, sales, marketing, operations and research and development staff. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to retain our key employees and to identify, hire and retain additional personnel. Competition for qualified personnel in the medical device industry is intense and finding and retaining qualified personnel with experience in our industry is very difficult. We believe there are only a limited number of individuals with the requisite skills to serve in many of our key positions and we face significant competition for key personnel and other employees, from other medical equipment and software manufacturers, technology companies, universities and research institutions. Fluctuations in labor availability globally, including labor shortages and staff burnout and attrition, may also impact our ability to hire and retain personnel critical to our manufacturing, logistics, and commercial operations. As a result, we may not be able to retain our existing employees or hire new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. Moreover, we have in the past conducted reductions in force in order to optimize our organizational structure and reduce costs, and certain senior personnel have also departed for various reasons. For example, in December 2022, we reduced the global workforce by four and half percent. At the same time, we may face high turnover among employees that are critical to our ongoing operations, requiring us to expend time and resources, including financial resources, to source, 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 train and integrate new employees. The challenging markets in which we compete for talent may also require us to invest significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain employees. In addition, a significant portion of our compensation to our key employees is in the form of stock related grants. A prolonged depression in our stock price could make it difficult for us to retain our key and other employees and recruit additional qualified personnel and we may have to pay additional compensation to employees to incentivize them to join or stay with us. We do not maintain, and do not currently intend to obtain, key employee life insurance on any of our personnel. If we fail to hire and retain key personnel and other employees, we may be unable to continue to grow our business successfully. 
 Disruption of critical information technology systems, infrastructure and data or cyberattacks or other security breaches or incidents could harm our business and financial condition. 
 Information technology helps us operate more efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency and accurately produce our financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build, sustain and secure the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions or the loss, unavailability of or damage to data and intellectual property through a cyberattack (including ransomware and other attacks) or other security breach or incident. While management is committed to identifying and improving data security risks through oversight of data security by our Chief Information Security Officer and implementation of various technical safeguards, procedural requirements and policies, regardless of the resources we allocate and the effectiveness with which we manage them, we face a risk of cyberattacks and other security breaches and incidents. Any cyberattacks or other security breaches or incidents we suffer could expose us to a risk of lost, unavailable, or corrupted information, unauthorized disclosure or other processing of information, claims, litigation and possible liability to employees, customers and others, and investigations and proceedings by regulatory authorities. Additionally, cyberattack activity may be heightened in connection with the military conflict in Ukraine. In addition to potential exposure to cyberattacks, security incidents, or other actions that may compromise the security of or interfere with the function of our products, defects or vulnerabilities in the software or systems of our third party vendors may expose failures in our internal controls and risk management processes, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows and may also harm our reputation, brand, and customer relationships. 
 If our data management systems or those of our third-party providers do not effectively collect, store, process and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, computer viruses, security breaches or incidents, cyberattacks, catastrophic events or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the timeliness with which we internally and externally report our operating results. As a result, our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving legal and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and the information technology needs associated with our changing products and services. There can be no assurance that our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, continuing our efforts to build security into the design of our products, protecting and enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology will be successful or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future, or that we will not suffer from disruptions or other systems issues even if we devote substantial resources and personnel to these efforts. 
 In addition, privacy and security breaches and incidents arising from errors, malfeasance or misconduct by employees, contractors or others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data, including individually identifiable data, may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public and may compromise our security systems. There can be no assurance that any efforts we make to prevent against such privacy or security breaches or incidents have been or will be able to prevent breakdowns or breaches or incidents in our systems or those of our third-party service providers that could adversely affect our business. Third parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing user names, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. For example, our employees have received in the past and likely will continue to receive phishing e-mails attempting to induce them to divulge sensitive information. We may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and many of our employees working remotely at least part of the time, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. In addition, unauthorized persons may attempt to hack into our products or systems to obtain personal data relating to patients or employees, our confidential or proprietary 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 information or confidential information we hold on behalf of third parties, which, if successful, could pose a risk of loss, unavailability, or corruption of, or unauthorized access to or acquisition of, data, risk to patient safety and risk of product recall. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to our systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect, and we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when they occur. Third-party service providers store and otherwise process certain personal data and other confidential or proprietary information of ourselves and third parties on our behalf, and these service providers face similar risks. Moreover, we manufacture and sell hardware and software products that allow our customers to store confidential information about their patients. Both types of products are often connected to and reside within our customers information technology infrastructures. We do not have measures to configure or secure our customers equipment or any information stored in our customers systems or at their locations, which is the responsibility of our customers. Our customers are also continually updating their cybersecurity standards for the products that they purchase. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect our hardware and software products from unauthorized access and cyberattacks, these measures may not meet the standards set by our customers or be effective in securing these products, particularly since techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target. A network security or systems security breach of incident suffered by ourselves or our third-party service providers or other events that cause the loss or unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access by third parties to, sensitive information stored by us or our customers could result in loss, unavailability, or unauthorized acquisition, modification, or other processing of data, and any such events, or the perception that these events have occurred or that our security measures for our products are lacking, could have serious negative consequences for our business, including indemnity obligations, possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced demand for our products and services, an unwillingness of our customers to use our products or services, harm to our reputation and brand, and time consuming and expensive litigation, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 
 Due to frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, including the increasing use of tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence, all of which hinders our ability to identify, investigate, and recover from incidents, we could be adversely impacted by cybersecurity attacks or other security breaches. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational, or other business harm as well as financial costs and claims, demands, litigation and regulatory action. 
 While we do maintain insurance coverage that is intended to address certain aspects of data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. 
 Any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with legal or regulatory requirements related to privacy, cybersecurity and data protection in one or multiple jurisdictions could result in proceedings, actions or penalties against us. 
 There are numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations, decisions and directives regarding privacy and the collection, storage, transmission, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other data, the scope of which is continually evolving and subject to differing interpretations. Our worldwide operations mean that we are subject to privacy, cyber security and data protection laws and regulations in many jurisdictions to varying degrees, and that some of the data we process, store and transmit may be transmitted across countries. For example, in the U.S., privacy and security rules implementing the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA require us as a business associate, in certain instances, to protect the confidentiality of patient health information, and the Federal Trade Commission has consumer protection authority, including regarding privacy and cyber security. In Europe, the GDPR imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data that will increase our obligations and, in the event of violations, may impose significant fines of up to the greater of 4 of worldwide annual revenue or 20 million. In the UK, the Data Protection Act of 2018 and the UK GDPR collectively implement material provisions of the GDPR and provide for penalties for noncompliance of up to the greater of 17.5 million or four percent of worldwide revenues. 
 Data transfer and localization requirements also appear to be increasing and becoming more complex. With regard to transfers to the U.S. of personal data from our employees and European customers and users, both the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and standard contractual clauses issued by the European Commission (the EU SCCs have been subject to legal challenge. In July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union CJEU released a decision in the Schrems II case (Data Protection Commissioner v. Facebook Ireland, Schrems) (the CJEU Decision ), declaring the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield invalid and imposing additional obligations in connection with the use of the EU SCCs, another mechanism for cross-border personal data transfers from the European Economic Area EEA ). Although the EU SCCs remain a valid means to transfer personal data from the EEA, the CJEU imposed additional obligations in connection with their use and, on June 4, 2021, the European Commission issued revised EU SCCs that address certain concerns of the CJEU. The United Kingdom also has 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 issued new standard contractual clauses (the UK SCCs that became effective March 21, 2022, and which are required to be implemented. In March 2022, the EU and U.S. reached an agreement in principle on a new EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework DPF ). In October 2022, the U.S. issued an executive order in furtherance of this framework, on which basis the European Commission adopted an adequacy decision with respect to the DPF in July 2023, allowing for the DPF to be implemented and available for companies to use to legitimize transfers of personal data from the E.U. to the U.S. It remains unclear, however, whether this new framework will be appropriate for us to rely upon, and it may be subject to legal challenge. Additionally, the European Commission s adequacy decision regarding the DPF provides that the DPF will be subject to future reviews and may be subject to suspension, amendment, repeal, or limitations to its scope by the European Commission. The CJEU Decision, the revised EU SCCs and UK SCCs, regulatory guidance and opinions, and other developments relating to cross-border data transfer may require us to implement additional contractual and technical safeguards for any personal data transferred out of the EEA, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, which may increase compliance costs, lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or liability, may require additional contractual negotiations, and may adversely impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Other jurisdictions have adopted laws and regulations addressing privacy, data protection, data security, or other aspects of data processing, such as data localization. For example, the People s Republic of China PRC and Russia have passed laws that require individually identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data if certain data quantity thresholds are triggered. Additionally, the Personal Information Protection Law PIPL of the PRC went into effect on November 1, 2021. The PIPL shares similarities with the GDPR, including extraterritorial application, data minimization, data localization, and purpose limitation requirements, and obligations to provide certain notices and rights to citizens of the PRC. The PIPL allows for fines of up to 50 million Renminbi or 5 of a covered company s revenue in the prior year. We may be required to modify our policies, procedures, and data processing measures in order to address requirements under these or other privacy, data protection, or cyber security regimes, and may face claims, litigation, investigations, or other proceedings regarding them and may incur related liabilities, expenses, costs, and operational losses. 
 Further, the current U.S. administration is engaged in a comprehensive evaluation of national security concerns and other risks relating to the transfer of personally identifiable information from the United States to China, and on June 9, 2021, U.S. President Biden signed an executive order instituting a framework for determining national security risks of transactions that involve applications connected to governments or militaries of certain foreign adversaries or that collect sensitive personal data from U.S. consumers. In 2019, an executive order citing national security risks in the telecommunications sector served to block U.S. companies from buying Chinese-made Huawei and ZTE products. If our operations, including those involving the processing of U.S.-collected data such as medical imagery, through the JV in China, come to be perceived as a U.S. national security risk, those operations may become subject to executive orders, sanctions, or other measures. Any ban or other restriction on our transfer of data to the JV in China may increase costs as we seek operational and data processing alternatives. 
 New and proposed privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection laws are also providing new rights to individuals and increasing the penalties associated with non-compliance. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2020, imposes stringent data privacy and data protection requirements regarding the personal information of California residents, and provides for penalties for noncompliance of up to 7,500 per violation, as well as a private right of action from individuals in relation to certain security breaches. 
 Additionally, a new privacy law, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), approved by California voters in November 2020, became effective on January 1, 2023. The CPRA, which significantly modifies the CCPA, has resulted in further uncertainty and may require us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. We will continue to monitor developments related to the CPRA and anticipate additional costs and expenses associated with CPRA compliance. The enactment of the CCPA, as modified by the CPRA, is prompting a wave of similar legislative developments in other states in the U.S., which could potentially create a patchwork of overlapping but different state laws. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut all have enacted state laws that have become, or will become, effective in 2023; Texas, Montana, Oregon, and Florida have adopted laws that will become effective in 2024, Iowa and Tennessee have adopted laws that will become effective in 2025; and Indiana has adopted a law that will become effective in 2026. In addition, Delaware has passed a law that is awaiting signature by its state governor and that would go into effect in 2025. These new state laws share similarities with the CCPA, CPRA, and legislation proposed in other states. Additionally, the U.S. federal government is contemplating privacy legislation. We cannot fully predict the impact of the CCPA, CPRA, or other new or proposed legislation on our business or operations, but the restrictions imposed by these laws and regulations may require us to modify 
 44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our data handling practices and impose additional costs and burdens, including risks of regulatory fines, litigation and associated reputational harm. In addition, U.S. and international laws that have been applied to protect consumer privacy (including laws regarding unfair and deceptive practices in the U.S. and GDPR in the EU) may be subject to evolving interpretations or applications in light of privacy developments. As a result, we may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for any failure to comply with such laws, regulations and directives. 
 Privacy, cyber security and data protection legislation around the world is comprehensive and complex and there has been a trend towards more stringent enforcement of requirements regarding protection and confidentiality of personal data. The restrictions imposed by such laws and regulations may limit the use and adoption of our products and services, reduce overall demand for our products and services, require us to modify our data handling practices and impose additional costs and burdens. With increasing enforcement of privacy, cyber security and data protection laws and regulations, there is no guarantee that we will not be subject to investigation, enforcement actions or other proceedings by governmental bodies or that our costs relating to privacy, data protection or cyber security laws and regulations will not increase significantly. Enforcement actions, investigations and other proceedings can be costly, require significant time and attention of management and other personnel and interrupt regular operations of our business. In addition, there has been a developing trend of civil lawsuits and class actions relating to breaches of consumer data held by large companies. While we have not been named in any such suits, we may be in the future, including if we were to suffer a security breach or incident. Any inability to adequately address concerns relating to privacy, data protection or cyber security, even if unfounded, or to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business. Our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in investigation, enforcement actions or other proceedings against us, including fines and public censure, claims for damages by customers and other affected individuals, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing customers and prospective customers), any of which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If third party payors do not provide sufficient coverage and reimbursement to healthcare providers for use of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms or if the number of patients covered by health insurance reduces, demand for our products and our revenue could be adversely affected. 
 Our customers rely significantly on reimbursement from public and private third-party payors for CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platform procedures. Our ability to commercialize our products successfully and increase market acceptance of our products will depend in significant part on the extent to which public and private third-party payors provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for procedures that are performed with our products and the extent to which patients that are treated by our products continue to be covered by health insurance. Third-party payors may establish or change the reimbursement for medical products and services that could significantly influence the purchase of medical products and services. If reimbursement policies or other cost containment measures are instituted in a manner that significantly reduces the coverage or payment for the procedures that are performed with our products or if there is a prolonged reduction in the number of patients eligible to be treated by our products that are covered by health insurance, our revenue may decline, our existing customers may not continue using our products or may decrease their use of our products, and we may have difficulty obtaining new customers. Such actions would likely have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 In addition, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS reviews reimbursement rates annually and may implement significant changes in future years, which could discourage existing and potential customers from purchasing or using our products. Further, outside of the U.S., reimbursement practices vary significantly by country. Market acceptance of our products may depend on the availability and level of coverage and reimbursement in any country within a particular time. 
 The safety and efficacy of our products for certain uses is not yet supported by long term clinical data, and our products may therefore prove to be less safe and effective than initially thought. 
 Although we believe that the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms have advantages over competing products and technologies, we do not have sufficient clinical data demonstrating these advantages for all tumor indications. In addition, we have only limited five year patient survival rate data, which is a common long term measure of clinical effectiveness in cancer treatment. We also have limited clinical data directly comparing the effectiveness of the CyberKnife platform to other competing platforms. Future patient studies or clinical experience may indicate that treatment with the CyberKnife platform does not improve patient survival or outcomes relative to other platforms. 
 45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Likewise, because the TomoTherapy platform has only been on the market since 2003, we have limited complication or patient survival rate data with respect to treatment using the systems for all clinical indications. If future patient studies or clinical experience do not support our beliefs that the TomoTherapy platform offer a more advantageous treatment for a wide variety of cancer types, use of the systems could fail to increase or could decrease, and our business would therefore be adversely affected. 
 Such results could reduce the rate of reimbursement by both public and private third party payors for procedures that are performed with our products, slow the adoption of our products by physicians, significantly reduce our ability to achieve expected revenues and could prevent us from being profitable. In addition, if future results and experience indicate that our products cause unexpected or serious complications or other unforeseen negative effects, the FDA could rescind our clearances, our reputation with physicians, patients and others may suffer and we could be subject to significant legal liability. 
 We rely on third parties to perform shipping and logistics functions on our behalf. Failures or disruptions at our logistics providers has occurred and could continue to occur, which would adversely impact our business. 
 Customer service is a critical element of our sales strategy. Third party logistics providers store most of our spare parts inventory in depots around the world and perform a significant portion of our spare parts logistics and shipping activities. Our logistics providers may terminate their relationship with us, suffer an interruption in their business, including as a result of macroeconomic factors or COVID-19, significantly increase fees for services or experience delays, disruptions or quality control problems in their operations, or we may have to change and qualify alternative logistics providers for our spare parts. For example, we have experienced and continue to experience delays in shipment of parts to customers as well as increased freight and logistics expenses, which has intensified as a result of macroeconomic factors and may intensify if such factors continues to disrupt the global supply chain. These delays and increased costs have adversely affected our gross margins and net income (loss) and we currently expect such delays and increased costs to continue through at least the remainder of fiscal year 2024, if not longer. If this continues for longer than we expect or if any of the above occurs our customers may experience further delays and higher costs and our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations, including our ability to recognize revenue, may be adversely affected. 
 Third parties may claim we are infringing their intellectual property or that we are operating outside the scope of or violating a license or other agreement relating to their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant audit, litigation or licensing expenses, incur liabilities associated with indemnification obligations to customers, experience disruptions in the supply of components of our products or related services, or be prevented from selling our product or components of our product. 
 The medical device industry is characterized by a substantial amount of litigation over patent and other intellectual property rights. In particular, the field of radiation treatment of cancer is well established and crowded with the intellectual property of competitors and others. We also expect that other participants will enter the field. A number of companies in our market, as well as universities and research institutions, have issued patents and have filed patent applications that relate to the use of radiation therapy and stereotactic radiosurgery to treat cancerous and benign tumors. 
 Determining whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues, and the outcome of patent litigation actions is often uncertain. We have not conducted an extensive search of patents issued to third parties, and no assurance can be given that third party patents containing claims covering our products, parts of our products, technology or methods do not exist, have not been filed, or could not be filed or issued. Because of the number of patents issued and patent applications filed in our technical areas or fields, our competitors or other third parties may assert that our products and the methods we employ in the use of our products are covered by U.S. or foreign patents held by them. 
 In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue and because publication schedules for pending applications vary by jurisdiction, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware, and which may result in issued patents that our current or future products infringe. Also, because the claims of published patent applications can change between publication and patent grant, there may be published patent applications that may ultimately issue with claims that we infringe. There could also be existing patents that one or more of our products or parts may infringe and of which we are unaware. As the number of competitors in the market for less invasive cancer treatment alternatives grows, and as the number of patents issued in this area grows, the possibility of patent infringement claims against us increases. Regardless of the merit of infringement claims, they can be time consuming and result in costly litigation and diversion of technical and management personnel. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent litigation 
 46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise funds, if necessary, to continue our operations. 
 Also, because we purchase major components and software for each of our products from third party suppliers and manufacturers, we face the additional risk that infringement claims may be brought against us based on patents and other intellectual property rights that are embodied or contained in, or practiced by, those components (including software components) that we obtain from third parties, and any such claims against us, such as by our direct and indirect suppliers, may additionally allege that we are operating outside the scope of or violating a license or other agreement relating to their intellectual property. These third party suppliers or manufacturers may terminate their licenses with us for a variety of reasons, including actual or perceived failures or breaches of contractual commitments, or they may choose not to renew their licenses with us. The loss of, or inability to obtain, certain third-party licenses or other rights, including the right to resell, or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could affect the operability or performance of our products until equivalent technology can be identified, licensed or developed, if at all, and integrated into our products, and it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 In the event that we become subject to a patent infringement or other intellectual property lawsuit and if the relevant patents or other intellectual property were upheld as valid and enforceable and we were found to infringe or violate the terms of a license or other agreement to which we are a party, we could be subject to third-party audit, experience disruptions in the supply of third-party components or related services, or be prevented from selling our products (or components of our products) unless we obtain a license or are able to redesign the product to avoid infringement. Required licenses may not be made available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain a license or successfully redesign our system, we might be prevented from selling such system. If there is an allegation or determination that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of a competitor or other person, we may be required to pay damages, pay ongoing royalties or otherwise settle such matter upon terms that are unfavorable to us. In these circumstances, we may be unable to sell our products at competitive prices or at all, and our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 As is common in the medical device industry, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other medical equipment or biotechnology companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. We may be subject to claims that we or those employees have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against claims of this nature, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 It is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property and our proprietary technologies and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our success depends significantly on our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our proprietary rights to the technologies used in our products. Patents and other proprietary rights provide uncertain protections, and we may be unable to protect our intellectual property. For example, we may be unsuccessful in defending our patents and other proprietary rights against third party challenges. As key patents expire, our ability to prevent competitors from copying our technology may be limited. In addition, patent reform legislation or precedent could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents. 
 In addition to patents, we rely on a combination of trade secrets, copyright and trademark laws, nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions and technical security measures to protect our intellectual property rights. These measures may not be adequate to safeguard the technology underlying our products, including in case of a security breach involving our intellectual property. If these measures do not protect our rights adequately, third parties could use our technology, and our ability to compete in the market would be reduced. Although we have attempted to obtain patent coverage for our technology where available and appropriate, there are aspects of the technology for which patent coverage was never sought or never received. There also may be countries in which we sell or intend to sell the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms 
 47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 but have no patents or pending patent applications. Our ability to prevent others from making or selling duplicate or similar technologies will be impaired in those countries in which we have no patent protection. Although we have several issued patents in the U.S. and in foreign countries protecting aspects of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, our pending U.S. and foreign patent applications may not issue, may issue only with limited coverage or may issue and be subsequently successfully challenged by others and held invalid or unenforceable. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against certain third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time consuming process with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit of patent protection in such countries. 
 Similarly, our issued patents and those of our licensors may not provide us with any competitive advantages. Competitors may be able to design around our patents or develop products which provide outcomes comparable or superior to ours. Our patents may be held invalid or unenforceable as a result of legal challenges by third parties, and others may challenge the inventorship or ownership of our patents and pending patent applications. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries, such as China where the JV operates, may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States and, even if they do, uneven enforcement and procedural barriers may exist in such countries. In the event a competitor or other third party infringes upon our patent or other intellectual property rights or otherwise misappropriates such rights, enforcing those rights may be difficult and time consuming. Even if successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge could be expensive and time consuming and could divert our management s attention from our core business. Damage awards resulting from successful litigation in foreign jurisdictions may not be in amounts commensurate with damage awards in the U.S. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against a challenge. In addition, we may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially valuable. Litigation also puts our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Additionally, we may provoke third parties to assert claims against us. 
 We also license patent and other proprietary rights to aspects of our technology to third parties in fields where we currently do not operate as well as in fields where we currently do operate. Disputes with our licensees may arise regarding the scope and content of these licenses. Further, our ability to expand into additional fields with our technologies may be restricted by our existing licenses or licenses we may grant to third parties in the future. 
 Additionally, we have written agreements with collaborators regarding the ownership of intellectual property arising from our collaborations. These agreements generally provide that we must negotiate certain commercial rights with collaborators with respect to joint inventions or inventions made by our collaborators that arise from the results of the collaboration. In some instances, there may not be adequate written provisions to address clearly the resolution of intellectual property rights that may arise from a collaboration. If we cannot successfully negotiate sufficient ownership and commercial rights to the inventions that result from our use of a third-party collaborator s materials where required, or if disputes otherwise arise with respect to the intellectual property developed with the use of a collaborator s technology, we may be limited in our ability to utilize these intellectual property rights. In addition, we may face claims by third parties that our agreements with employees, contractors or consultants obligating them to assign intellectual property to us are ineffective or in conflict with prior or competing contractual obligations of assignment, which could result in ownership disputes regarding intellectual property we have developed or will develop and interfere with our ability to capture the commercial value of such intellectual property. Litigation may be necessary to resolve an ownership dispute, and if we are not successful, we may be precluded from using certain intellectual property or may lose our exclusive rights in that intellectual property. Either outcome could harm our business. 
 The policies and procedures we have in place to protect our trade secrets may not be effective in preventing misappropriation of our trade secrets by others. In addition, confidentiality agreements executed by our employees, consultants and advisors may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure. Litigating a trade secret claim is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge methods and know how. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be unable to prevent competitors from using our own inventions and intellectual property to compete against us and our business may be harmed. 
 48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could materially and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 We are and may become a party to legal proceedings, claims, investigations, demands and other legal matters in the ordinary course of business or otherwise including intellectual property, product liability, employment, class action, whistleblower and other litigation claims, and governmental and other regulatory investigations and proceedings. These legal proceedings, claims and other legal matters, regardless of merit, may be costly, time consuming and require the attention of key management and other personnel. The outcomes of such matters are uncertain and difficult to predict. If any such matters are adjudicated against us, in whole or in part, we may be subject to substantial monetary damages, disgorgement of profits and injunctions that prevent us from operating our business, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. We cannot guarantee that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover any damages awarded against us. Further, legal proceedings, and any adverse resolution thereof, can result in adverse publicity and damage to our reputation, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Because the majority of our product revenue is derived from sales of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, which have a long and variable sales and installation cycle, our revenues and cash flows may be volatile and difficult to predict. 
 Our primary products are the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. We expect to generate substantially all of our revenue for the foreseeable future from sales of and service contracts for the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms. The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms have lengthy sales and purchase order cycles because they are major capital equipment items and require the approval of senior management at purchasing institutions. In addition, sales to some of our customers are subject to competitive bidding or public tender processes. These approval and bidding processes can be lengthy. Selling our systems, from first contact with a potential customer to a complete order, generally spans six months to two years and involves personnel with multiple skills. The sales process in the U.S. typically begins with pre selling activity followed by sales presentations and other sales related activities. After the customer has expressed an intention to purchase a CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform, we negotiate and enter into a definitive purchase contract with the customer. The negotiation of terms that are not standard for Accuray may require additional time and approvals. Typically, following the execution of the contract, the customer begins the building or renovation of a radiation shielded facility to house the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform, which together with the subsequent installation of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform, can take up to 24 months to complete. In order to construct this facility, the customer must typically obtain radiation device installation permits, which are granted by state and local government bodies, each of which may have different criteria for permit issuance. If a permit was denied for installation at a specific hospital or treatment center, our CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform could not be installed at that location. In addition, some of our customers are cancer centers or facilities that are new, and in these cases, it may be necessary for the entire facility to be completed before the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform can be installed, which can result in additional construction and installation delays. Our sales and installations of CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms tend to be heaviest during the third month of each fiscal quarter. 
 Under our revenue recognition policy, we recognize revenue attributable to a CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform and related upgrades when control of a platform or upgrade is transferred, which generally happens when a system or upgrade is shipped, while an element of installation is deferred until performed. Events beyond our control may delay shipment or installation and the satisfaction of contingencies required to receive cash inflows and recognition of revenue associated with shipment or installation. Such events may include a delay in the construction at the customer site or customer delay in obtaining receipt of regulatory approvals such as certificates of need. In addition, disruption in operations of certain customers caused by the COVID-19 pandemic or other macroeconomic factors have resulted in delays in construction, shipment or installation and some have failed to timely pay their obligations when due. If the events which are beyond our control delay the customer from obtaining funding or financing of the entire transaction, we may not be able to recognize revenue for the sale of the entire system because the collectability of contract consideration is not reasonably assured. 
 The long sales cycle, together with delays in the shipment of CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms or customer cancellations that could affect our ability to recognize revenue, could adversely affect our cash flows and revenue, which would harm our results of operations and may result in significant fluctuations in our reporting of quarterly revenues. Our historical experience indicates that some of our customers will cancel or renegotiate contracts as economic conditions change or when product offerings change during the long sales cycle. We anticipate a portion of our open contracts may never result in revenue recognition primarily due to the long sales cycle and factors outside of our control including changes in customers' needs or financial condition, changes in government or health insurance reimbursement policies or changes to regulatory requirements. As a result of these fluctuations, it is likely that in some future quarters, our operating results will fall below the 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 expectations of securities analysts or investors. If that happens, the market price of our stock would likely decrease. These fluctuations also mean that you will not be able to rely upon our operating results in any particular period as an indication of future performance. 
 We depend on third party distributors to market and distribute our products in international markets. If our distributors fail to successfully market and distribute our products, our business will be materially harmed. 
 We have strategic relationships with a number of key distributors for sales and service of our products in certain foreign countries, including the JV in China and other third-party distributors in other regions. We cannot control the efforts and resources our third party distributors will devote to marketing the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms. Our distributors may not be able to successfully market and sell the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, including as a result of concerns regarding the COVID-19 pandemic, may not devote sufficient time and resources to support the marketing and selling efforts and may not market the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform at prices that will permit the product to develop, achieve or sustain market acceptance. In some jurisdictions, we rely on our distributors to manage the regulatory process and oversee their activities such that they are in compliance with all laws that govern their activities, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA ), and we are dependent on their ability to do so effectively. If a distributor is terminated by us or goes out of business, it may take us a period of time to locate an alternative distributor, to seek appropriate regulatory approvals and to train its personnel to market the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, and our ability to sell and service the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms in the region formerly serviced by such terminated distributor could be materially and adversely affected. Any of our distributors could become insolvent or otherwise become unable to pay amounts owed to us when due. If any of these distributor relationships end and are not replaced, our revenues from product sales or the ability to service our products in the territories serviced by these distributors could be adversely affected. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our revenue from international markets, increase our costs in those markets or damage our reputation. If we are unable to attract additional international distributors, our international revenue may not grow. If our distributors experience difficulties, do not comply with regulatory or legal requirements that results in fines or penalties, do not actively market the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms or do not otherwise perform under our distribution agreements, our potential for revenue from international markets may be dramatically reduced, and our business could be harmed. 
 The high unit price of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, as well as other factors, may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our operating results, which could adversely affect our stock price. 
 Because of the high unit price of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and the relatively small number of units shipped each quarter, each shipment of a CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform can represent a significant percentage of our revenue for a particular quarter. Therefore, if we do not ship a CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform when anticipated, we will not be able to recognize the associated revenue and our operating results will vary significantly from our expectations. This is of particular concern when the economic environment is volatile, such as the current economic environment. For example, during periods of severe economic volatility, such as during the COVID-19 pandemic, we have had customers cancel or postpone orders for our CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and delaying any required build outs. These fluctuations and other potential fluctuations mean that you should not rely upon our operating results in any particular period as an indication of future performance. 
 As a strategy to assist our sales efforts, we may offer extended payment terms, which may potentially result in higher days sales outstanding, reduced cash flows in a particular period and greater payment defaults. 
 We offer longer or extended payment terms for qualified customers in some circumstances. As of June 30, 2023, customer contracts with extended payment terms of more than one year amounted to approximately 6 of our total accounts receivable balance. While we qualify customers to whom we offer longer or extended payment terms, their financial positions may change adversely over the longer time period given for payment. This may result in an increase in payment defaults, which would negatively affect our revenue. In addition, any increase in days sales outstanding could also negatively affect our cash flow. 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have entered into certain relationships with collaborators, partnerships, strategic alliances, joint venture partners and other third parties, which are outside of our full control and may harm our existing business if we fail to realize the expected benefits of such relationships. 
 We are a part of certain collaborations, partnerships, strategic alliances, joint ventures and other third-party relationships and depend in part on them to grow our business and market share. Reliance on these third parties subjects us to a number of risks, including that: 
 we may be required to contribute significant amounts of capital or incur losses in the initial stages of a collaboration, partnership, alliance or joint venture, particularly as selling and marketing activities increase ahead of expected long-term revenue. For example, we completed our capital contributions to the JV in the second quarter of fiscal 2020 and one system upgrade in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. Further contributions may be necessary in the future as the JV expands its operations in China in order to achieve our long-term strategy in China; 

the failure of a collaboration, partnership, strategic alliance, joint venture or other third-party relationship to meet our performance and financial expectations, which could adversely impact our ability to meet internal forecasts and expectations. For example, we have experienced losses in connection with our JV that has negatively impacted our operating results; 

the process for customers of the collaboration, partnership, alliance or joint venture to comply with local or foreign regulatory requirements that may be required to purchase our products may cause delays in the collaborator, partner, alliance partner or joint venture s ability to conduct business. For example, any delays in the JV obtaining necessary regulatory clearances for a Class B device, in customers in China obtaining Class A or Class B user licenses or in the subsequent tender process to complete the sale could affect the JV s expected ability to initiate sales, recognize revenue and achieve revenue and orders expectations in China; 

we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision making authority regarding any collaboration, partnership, alliance or joint venture, which could result in impasses on decisions or decisions made by our partners, and our partners in such collaborations, partnerships, alliances or joint ventures may have economic or business interests that are, or may become, inconsistent with our interests; 

collaborations, partnerships, alliances and joint ventures can be difficult to manage and may involve significant expense and divert the focus and attention of our management and other key personnel away from our existing businesses; 

with respect to joint ventures, we may not be able to attract qualified employees, acquire customers or develop reliable supply, distribution or other partnerships; 

we could face potential damage to existing customer relationships or lack of customer acceptance or inability to attract new customers as a result of certain collaborations, partnerships, alliances and joint ventures; 

collaborators, partners, alliance partners and joint ventures may also operate in foreign jurisdictions with laws and regulations with which we have limited familiarity, which could adversely impact our ability to comply with such laws and regulations and may lead to increased litigation risk; and 

foreign laws may offer us inadequate or less intellectual property protection relative to U.S. laws, which may impact our ability, as well as the ability of the collaborator, partner, alliance partner and joint venture, to safeguard our respective intellectual property from infringement and misappropriation. 

As a result of these and other factors, we may not realize the expected benefits of any collaboration, partnership, strategic alliance or joint venture or such benefits may not be realized at expected levels or within the expected time period. 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may attempt to acquire new businesses, products or technologies, including forming joint ventures, and if we are unable to successfully complete these acquisitions or to integrate acquired businesses, products, technologies or employees, we may fail to realize expected benefits or harm our existing business. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings and grow our business in response to changing technologies, customer demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses, products or technologies rather than through internal development. The identification of suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to successfully complete identified acquisitions. Other companies may compete with us for these strategic opportunities. In addition, even if we successfully complete an acquisition, we may not be able to successfully integrate newly acquired organizations, products or technologies into our operations or timely and effectively commence operations because the process of integration could be expensive, time consuming and may strain our resources. Furthermore, the products and technologies that we acquire may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than we originally anticipated. Implementing or acquiring new lines of business or offering new products and services within existing lines of business can affect the sales and profitability of existing lines of business or products and services, including as a result of sales channel conflicts. With respect to any acquisition, we may be unable to retain employees of acquired companies, or retain the acquired company s customers, suppliers, distributors or other partners who are our competitors or who have close relationships with our competitors. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities, or expenses or other charges, any of which could harm our business and affect our financial results or cause a reduction in the price of our common stock. Further, acquisition targets may also operate in foreign jurisdictions with laws and regulations with which we have limited familiarity, which could adversely impact our ability to comply with such laws and regulations and may lead to increased litigation risk. Such laws may also offer us inadequate or less intellectual property protection relative to U.S. laws, which may impact our ability, as well as the ability of the acquisition target to safeguard our respective intellectual property from infringement and misappropriation. As a result of these and other factors, we may not realize the expected benefits of any acquisition or such benefits may not be realized at expected levels or within the expected time period. The failure to successfully consummate such strategic transactions and effectively integrate and execute following such consummation may have an adverse impact on our growth, profitability, financial position and results of operations. 
 Our ability to raise capital or obtain financing in the future may be limited, and our failure to raise capital when needed could prevent us from executing our growth strategy. 
 While we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months, the timing and amount of our working capital and capital expenditure requirements may vary significantly depending on numerous factors, including the other risk factors described above and below. 
 If our capital resources are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity securities or debt securities or obtain other debt financing, which could be difficult or impossible depending on the state of economic and capital markets environments at the time, as well as the state of our business, operating results and financial condition. For example, any sustained disruption in the capital markets from the global economic environment could negatively impact our ability to raise capital. Our ability to raise additional capital or access capital can be affected by macroeconomic events which affect the economy and the financial and banking sectors in particular. Failures at banks and other financial institutions, such as the failure at Silicon Valley Bank in March 2023, or issues in the broader U.S. financial system, including uncertainty related to the debt ceiling, increased interest rates, and lack of availability of credit, which may have an impact on the broader capital markets and, in turn, our ability to access those markets. In addition, the tightening of the credit markets and lending standards could it make more difficult to raise capital through either debt or equity offerings on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Also, our debt levels may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. The sale of additional equity securities or convertible debt securities would result in additional dilution to our stockholders. We cannot assure that additional financing, if required or desired, will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business growth and to respond to business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be adversely affected. If we need to accept less favorable terms, it could increase our cost of capital, reduce our cash balances or otherwise restrict our ability to grow. 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We may not be able to fully utilize certain tax loss carryforwards. 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 294.1 million and 125.1 million in federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. The federal and state carryforwards expire in varying amounts beginning in 2025 for federal and 2024 for state purposes. In addition, as of June 30, 2023, we had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of approximately 27.9 million and 22.6 million, respectively. The California research credits have no expiration date, but if not utilized, the federal research credits and other non-California state research credits will begin to expire in 2024. 
 The Tax Act legislation, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), among other things, includes changes to the rules governing net operating losses. Net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 are subject to an 80 of taxable income limitation (as calculated before taking the net operating losses into account). It is uncertain if and to what extent various states will conform to the Tax Act or CARES Act. For state income tax purposes, there may be periods during which the use of net operating losses is suspended or otherwise limited. In addition, utilization of our net operating loss and credit carry-forwards is subject to annual limitation due to the application of the ownership change limitations provided by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions to us. Future changes in our stock ownership, including future offerings, as well as changes that may be outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. Additionally, one of the provisions under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that became effective in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021 required the capitalization and amortization of research and experimental expenditures and although this change did not have an impact on our current consolidated financial statements, it may have an impact on future periods as our research and experimental expenditures have been a material amount on our financial statements. 
 We are subject to the tax laws of various foreign jurisdictions, as well as within the United States, which are subject to unanticipated changes and interpretation and could harm our future results. 
 The application of tax laws of various foreign jurisdictions and within the United States is subject to interpretation and depends on our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for valuing intercompany arrangements including our transfer pricing or determine that the manner in which we operate our business does not achieve the intended tax consequences. The application of tax laws can also be subject to conflicting interpretations by tax authorities in the various jurisdictions we operate. It is not uncommon for taxing authorities in different countries to have conflicting views, with respect to, among other things, the manner in which the arm s length standard is applied for transfer pricing purposes. Further, tax laws are subject to change, which could adversely impact our tax rate. A number of countries, as well as organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, support the 15 global minimum tax initiative, and are beginning to adopt laws to implement this initiative. Such countries and organizations are also actively considering changes to existing tax laws or have proposed or enacted new laws that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business, which could materially impact our results of operation. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial results could be impaired. As a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could have an adverse effect on our business and our stock price. 
 Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and to protect from fraudulent, illegal, or unauthorized transactions. If we cannot maintain effective controls and provide timely and reliable financial reports, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 In August 2023, we began using a new enterprise resource planning system (the ERP system for financial reporting. Although we have completed this transition to a new enterprise resource planning system any disruption or difficulties in connection with our ERP system could adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Any disruptions or difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system or other systems (whether in connection with the regular operation, periodic enhancements, modifications or upgrades of such systems or the integration of any acquired businesses into such systems, or due to cybersecurity events such as ransomware attacks) could also adversely affect our ability to manufacture products, process orders, deliver products, provide customer support, fulfill contractual obligations, track inventories, or otherwise operate our business, in particular as a result of our limited experience implementing such systems and the complex nature of the system itself. It is also possible that any disruption or difficulties in 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 connection with our ERP system could adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, which could lead to further material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our controls, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. A failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in a material misstatement of our financial statements or otherwise cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. This, in turn, could result in a loss of investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results and our stock price, and we could be subject to stockholder litigation. 
 In addition, it may be difficult to timely determine the effectiveness of our financial reporting systems and internal controls because of the complexity of our financial model. We recognize revenue from a range of transactions including CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platform sales and services. The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms are complex products that contain both hardware and software elements. The complexity of the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and of our financial model used to recognize revenue on such systems requires us to process a greater variety of financial transactions than would be required by a company with a less complex financial model. Accordingly, efforts to timely remediate deficiencies or weaknesses in our internal controls would likely be more challenging for us than they would for a company with a less complex financial model. Furthermore, if we were to find an internal control deficiency or material weakness, we may be required to amend or restate historical financial statements, which would likely have a negative impact on our stock price. 
 Risks Related to the Regulation of our Products and Business 
 Modifications, upgrades, new indications and future products related to the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy Systems or the Precision Treatment Planning and iDMS Data Management System software may require new FDA 510(k) clearances or premarket approvals and similar licensing or approvals in international markets. Such modifications, or any defects in design, manufacture or labeling may require us to recall or cease marketing the affected systems or software until approvals or clearances are obtained. 
 The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms as well as the Precision Treatment Planning with iDMS Data Management System software are medical devices that are subject to extensive regulation in the United States by local, state and the federal government, including the FDA. The FDA cleared the latest imaging feature for the Radixact System, ClearRTTM, under K202412 on December 18, 2020. The FDA regulates virtually all aspects of a medical device design, development, testing manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, adverse event reporting, sale, promotion, distribution and shipping. Before a new medical device, or a new intended use or indication or claim for an existing product, can be marketed in the United States, it must first receive either premarket approval or 510(k) clearance from the FDA, unless an exemption exists. Either process can be expensive, lengthy and unpredictable. The FDA s 510(k) clearance process generally takes from three to twelve months, but it can last longer. The process of obtaining premarket approval is much more costly and uncertain than the 510(k) clearance process and it generally takes from one to three years, or even longer, from the time the application is filed with the FDA. Additionally, outside of the United States, our products are subject to clearances and approvals by foreign governmental agencies similar to the FDA. In order to market our products internationally, we must obtain licenses or approvals from these governmental agencies, which could include local requirements, safety standards, testing or certifications, and can be time consuming, burdensome and uncertain. Despite the time, effort and cost, there can be no assurance that a particular device or a modification of a device will be approved or cleared by the FDA or any foreign governmental agency in a timely fashion, if at all. Even if we are granted regulatory clearances or approvals, they may include significant limitations on the indicated uses of the product, which may limit the market for those products, and how those products can be promoted. 
 Medical devices may only be marketed for the indications for which they are approved or cleared. The FDA and other foreign governments also may change their policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, each of which could prevent or delay approval or clearance of our device, or could impact our ability to market our currently approved or cleared device. We are also subject to medical device reporting regulations, which require us to report to the FDA and other international governmental agencies if our products cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury, or malfunction in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or a serious injury. We also are subject to the QSR in the U.S. and ISO 13485 certification in many international markets, compliance with which is necessary to receive FDA and other international clearances or approvals to market new products and is necessary for us to be able to continue to market a cleared or approved product in the United States or globally. After a product is placed in the market, we are also subject to regulations by the FDA and Federal Trade Commission related to the advertising and promotion of our products to ensure our 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 claims are consistent with our regulatory clearances, that there is scientific data to substantiate our claims and that our advertising is not false or misleading. Our products are also subject to state regulations and various worldwide laws and regulations. 
 A component of our strategy is to continue to upgrade the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms as well as the Precision Treatment Planning with iDMS Data Management System software. Upgrades previously released by us required 510(k) clearance and international registration before we were able to offer them for sale. We expect our future upgrades will similarly require 510(k) clearance or approval; however, future upgrades may be subject to substantially more time-consuming data generation requirements and uncertain premarket approval or clearance processes. If we were required to use the premarket approval process for future products or product modifications, it could delay or prevent release of the proposed products or modifications, which could harm our business. 
 The FDA requires device manufacturers to make their own determination of whether or not a modification requires an approval or clearance; however, the FDA can review a manufacturer s decision not to submit for additional approvals or clearances. Any modification to an FDA approved or cleared device that would significantly affect its safety or efficacy or that would constitute a major change in its intended use would require a new premarket approval or 510(k) clearance. We cannot assure you that the FDA will agree with our decisions not to seek approvals or clearances for particular device modifications or that we will be successful in obtaining premarket approvals or 510(k) clearances for modifications in a timely fashion, if at all. 
 We have obtained 510(k) clearance for the CyberKnife platform for the treatment of conditions anywhere in the body when radiation treatment is indicated, and we have obtained 510(k) clearance for the TomoTherapy platform to be used as integrated systems for the planning and delivery of IMRT for the treatment of cancer. We have made modifications to the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms in the past and may make additional modifications in the future that we believe do not or will not require additional approvals or clearances. If the FDA disagrees, based on new finalized guidance and requires us to obtain additional premarket approvals or 510(k) clearances for any modifications to the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms and we fail to obtain such approvals or clearances or fail to secure approvals or clearances in a timely manner, we may be required to cease manufacturing and marketing the modified device or to recall such modified device until we obtain FDA approval or clearance and we may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. 
 The FDA and similar governmental authorities in other countries in which we market and sell our products have the authority to require the recall of our products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in design, manufacture or labeling. A government mandated recall, or a voluntary recall by us, could occur as a result of component failures, manufacturing errors or design defects, including defects in labeling and user manuals. Any recall could divert management s attention, cause us to incur significant expenses, generate negative publicity, harm our reputation with customers, negatively affect our future sales and business, require redesign of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform, and harm our operating results. In these circumstances, we may also be subject to significant enforcement action. If any of these events were to occur, our ability to introduce new or enhanced products in a timely manner would be adversely affected, which in turn would harm our future growth. 
 We are subject to federal, state and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our operations, the violation of which could result in substantial penalties and harm our business. 
 In addition to regulation by the FDA and similar governmental authorities in other countries, our operations are subject to other laws and regulations, such as laws and rules governing interactions with healthcare providers, anti-corruption laws, privacy rules and transparency laws. In order to maintain compliance with these laws and requirements, we must continually keep abreast of any changes or developments to be able to integrate compliance protocols into the development and regulatory documentation of our products. Failure to maintain compliance could result in substantial penalties to us and harm our business. 
 Laws and ethical rules governing interactions with healthcare providers. The Medicare and Medicaid anti kickback laws, and similar state laws, prohibit soliciting, offering, paying or accepting any payments or other remuneration that is intended to induce any individual or entity to either refer patients to or purchase, lease or order, or arrange for or recommend the purchase, lease or order of, healthcare products or services for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Such laws impact our sales, marketing and other promotional activities by reducing the types of financial arrangements we may have with our customers, potential customers, marketing consultants 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 and other service providers. They particularly impact how we structure our sales offerings, including discount practices, customer support, product loans, education and training programs, physician consulting, research grants and other service arrangements. Many of these laws are broadly drafted and are open to a variety of interpretations, making it difficult to determine with any certainty whether certain arrangements violate such laws, even if statutory safe harbors are available. Generally, courts have taken a broad interpretation of the scope of the anti-kickback laws, holding that these laws may be violated if merely one purpose of a payment arrangement is to induce referrals or purchases. Further, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Violations of these laws can be punishable with prison time, and can also result in criminal fines, administrative civil money penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. 
 Federal and state false claims laws generally prohibit the knowing filing or causing the filing of a false claim or the knowing use of false statements to obtain payment from government payors. Although we do not submit claims directly to payors, manufacturers can be held liable under these laws if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims by providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers, or through certain other activities, including promoting products for uses or indications that are not approved by the FDA. In addition to actions initiated by the government itself, the federal False Claims Act authorizes actions to be brought on behalf of the federal government by a private party having knowledge of the alleged fraud called a relator . Because the complaint is initially filed under seal, the action may be pending for some time before the defendant is even aware of the action. If the government is ultimately successful in obtaining redress in the matter or if the relator succeeds in obtaining redress without the government s involvement, then the relator is typically entitled to receive a percentage of the recovery. When an entity is determined to have violated the federal False Claims Act, it may be required to pay up to three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus civil penalties for each separate false claim, and may be excluded from participation in federal health care programs, and, although the federal False Claims Act is a civil statute, violations may also implicate various federal criminal statutes. Several states have also adopted comparable state false claims act, some of which apply to all payors. 
 We are also subject to federal and state physician self referral laws. The federal Ethics in Patient Referrals Act of 1989, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits, subject to certain exceptions, physician referrals of Medicare and Medicaid patients to an entity providing certain designated health services if the physician or an immediate family member has any financial relationship with the entity. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity receiving the referral from billing any good or service furnished pursuant to an unlawful referral. Various states have corollary laws to the Stark Law, including laws that require physicians to disclose any financial interest they may have with a healthcare provider to their patients when referring patients to that provider. Both the scope and exceptions for such laws vary from state to state. 
 If our past or present operations are found to be in violation of any of these anti kickback, false claims, self referral or other similar laws in foreign jurisdictions, we may be subject to the applicable penalty associated with the violation, which may include significant civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, imprisonment and exclusion from healthcare programs. The impact of any such violations may lead to curtailment or restructuring of our operations, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. 
 Anti corruption laws. We are also subject to laws regarding the conduct of business overseas, such as the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, the Brazil Clean Companies Act, and other similar laws in foreign countries in which we operate. The FCPA prohibits the provision of illegal or improper inducements to foreign government officials in connection with the obtaining of business overseas. Becoming familiar with and implementing the infrastructure necessary to ensure that we and our distributors comply with such laws, rules and regulations and mitigate and protect against corruption risks could be quite costly, and there can be no assurance that any policies and procedures we do implement will protect us against liability under the FCPA or related laws for actions taken by our employees, executive officers, distributors, agents and other intermediaries with respect to our business. Violations of the FCPA or other similar laws by us or any of our employees, executive officers, distributors, agents or other intermediaries could subject us or the individuals involved to criminal or civil liability, cause a loss of reputation in the market, and materially harm our business. 
 Laws protecting patient health information. There are a number of federal and state laws protecting the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected information. In particular, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS has promulgated patient privacy rules under the HIPAA. These privacy rules protect medical records and other personal health information of patients by 
 56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 limiting their use and disclosure, giving patients the right to access, amend and seek accounting of their own health information and limiting most uses and disclosures of health information to the minimum amount reasonably necessary to accomplish the intended purpose. The HIPAA privacy standard was amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, enacted as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009. Although we are not a covered entity under HIPAA, we are considered a business associate of certain covered entities and, as such, we are directly subject to HIPAA, including its enforcement scheme and inspection requirements, and are required to implement policies, procedures as well as reasonable and appropriate physical, technical and administrative security measures to protect individually identifiable health information we receive from covered entities. Our failure to protect health information received from customers in compliance with HIPAA or other laws could subject us to civil and criminal liability to the government and civil liability to the covered entity, could result in adverse publicity, and could harm our business and impair our ability to attract new customers. 
 Transparency laws. The Sunshine Act, which was enacted by Congress as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act on December 14, 2011, requires each applicable manufacturer, which includes medical device companies such as Accuray, to track and report to the federal government on an annual basis all payments and other transfers of value from such applicable manufacturer to U.S. licensed physicians and teaching hospitals as well as physician ownership of such applicable manufacturer s equity, in each case subject to certain statutory exceptions. Furthermore, on October 25, 2018, President Trump signed into law the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promoted Opioid Recovery and Treatment for Patients and Communities Act which in part (under a provision entitled Fighting the Opioid Epidemic with Sunshine extends the reporting and transparency requirements for physicians in the Physician Payments Sunshine Act to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified registered nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse midwives. Such data is available by the government on a publicly searchable website. Failure to comply with the data collection and reporting obligations imposed by the Sunshine Act can result in civil monetary penalties ranging from 1,000 to 10,000 for each payment or other transfer of value that is not reported (up to a maximum of 150,000 per reporting period) and from 10,000 to 100,000 for each knowing failure to report (up to a maximum of 1 million per reporting period). In addition, we are subject to similar state and foreign laws related to the tracking and reporting of payments and other transfers of value to healthcare professionals, the violation of which could, among other things, result in civil monetary penalties and adversely impact our reputation and business. 
 Conflict minerals . The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the rules promulgated by the SEC under such act require companies, including Accuray, to disclose the existence in their products of certain metals, known as conflict minerals, which are metals mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. These rules require investigative efforts, which has and will continue to cause us to incur associated costs, could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals used in our products and may cause reputational harm if we determine that certain of our components contain such conflict minerals or if we are unable to alter our processes or sources of supply to avoid using such materials, all of which could adversely impact sales of our products and results of operations. 
 If we or our distributors do not obtain and maintain the necessary regulatory approvals in a specific country, we will not be able to market and sell our products in that country. 
 To be able to market and sell our products in a specific country, we or our distributors must comply with applicable laws and regulations of that country. In jurisdictions where we rely on our distributors to manage the regulatory process, we are dependent on their ability to do so effectively. While the laws and regulations of some countries do not impose barriers to marketing and selling our products or only require notification, others require that we or our distributors obtain the approval of a specified regulatory body. These laws and regulations, including the requirements for approvals, and the time required for regulatory review vary from country to country. The governmental agencies regulating medical devices in some countries, for example, require that the user interface on medical device software be in the local language. We currently provide user guides and manuals, both paper copies and electronically, in the local language but only provide an English language version of the user interface. Obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive and time consuming, and we cannot be certain that we or our distributors will receive regulatory approvals in each country in which we market or plan to market our products. If we modify our products, we or our distributors may need to apply for additional regulatory approvals before we are permitted to sell them. We may not continue to meet the quality and safety standards required to maintain the authorizations that we or our distributors have received. It can also be costly for us and our distributors to keep up with regulatory changes issued or mandated from time to time. If we change distributors, it may be time consuming and disruptive to our business to transfer the required regulatory approvals, particularly if such approvals are maintained by our third party distributors on our behalf. If we or our distributors are unable to maintain our authorizations, or fail to obtain appropriate authorizations in a particular 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 country, we will no longer be able to sell our products in that country, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially adversely affected. 
 Within the EU, we are required under the Medical Device Directive to affix the Conformit Europ ene CE mark on our products in order to sell the products in member countries of the EU. This conformity to the applicable directives is done through self declaration and is verified by an independent certification body, called a Notified Body, before the CE mark can be placed on the device. Once the CE mark is affixed to the device, the Notified Body will regularly audit us to ensure that we remain in compliance with the applicable European laws or directives. CE marking demonstrates that our products comply with the laws and regulations required by the European Union countries to allow free movement of trade within those countries. If we cannot support our performance claims and/or demonstrate or maintain compliance with the applicable European laws and directives, we lose our CE mark, which would prevent us from selling our products within the European Union. In addition, the EU s Medical Device Regulation MDR ), which replaced the existing Medical Device Directive, became effective in May 2021. The MDR establishes new requirements and oversight for maintaining the CE mark. The official guidance continues to be published for the implementation of these requirements and the number of Notified Bodies are still limited. There may be variability in review timeframes and requirements as both manufacturers and authorities navigate these new requirements. In addition, the EU and Switzerland failed to establish a Mutual Recognition Agreement MRA for medical devices to include Switzerland within the MDR and as a result, Switzerland has initiated its own medical device regulation similar to the EU MDR, which will require additional registrations for economic operators and products within Switzerland for our devices. 
 Under the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law in Japan, a pre market approval necessary to sell, market and import a product, or Shonin, must be obtained from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare MHLW ), for our products. Before issuing approvals, MHLW examines the application in detail with regard to the quality, efficacy, and safety of the proposed medical device. The Shonin is granted once MHLW is content with the safety and effectiveness of the medical device. The time required for approval varies. A delay in approval could prevent us from selling our products in Japan, which could impact our ability to generate revenue and harm our business. 
 In addition to laws and regulations regarding medical devices, we are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations around the world regulating our operations, including those relating to the use, generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials, which laws impose compliance costs on our business and can also result in liability to us. Although we follow procedures intended to comply with existing environmental laws and regulations, risk of accidental contamination or injury can never be fully eliminated. In the event of an accident, state or federal or other applicable authorities may curtail our use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In addition, future changes in these laws and regulations could also increase our costs of doing business. We must continually keep abreast of these standards and requirements and integrate our compliance into the development and regulatory documentation for our products. Failure to meet these standards could limit our ability to market our products in those regions that require compliance to such standards. For example, the European Union has adopted directives that may lead to restrictions on the use of certain hazardous substances or other regulated substances in some of our products sold there, unless such products are eligible for an exemption. While we believe that certain of our products are exempt, there can be no guarantee that such determination would not be challenged or that the regulations would not change in a way that would subject our products to such regulation. These directives, along with other laws and regulations that may be adopted by other countries, could increase our operating costs in order to maintain access to certain markets, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Healthcare reform legislation could adversely affect demand for our products, our revenue and our financial condition. 
 In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the ACA were signed into law. Since its enactment, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. In particular, on December 14, 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the ACA is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Act. Additionally, on December 18, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 5th Circuit upheld the District Court ruling that the individual mandate was unconstitutional and remanded the case back to the District Court to determine whether the remaining provisions of the ACA are invalid as well. On June 18, 2021, the United States Supreme Court upheld the ACA, holding that the individuals who brought the lawsuit did not have standing to challenge the law. It is unclear how this decision and the decisions of the current administration will impact the ACA and our business. Complying with any new legislation or reversing changes implemented under the ACA could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The ACA includes a large number of health related provisions, including expanding Medicaid eligibility, requiring most individuals to have health insurance, establishing new regulations on health plans, establishing health insurance exchanges, requiring manufacturers to report payments or other transfers of value made to physicians and teaching hospitals, modifying certain payment systems to encourage more cost effective care and a reduction of inefficiencies and waste and including new tools to address fraud and abuse. The laws also include a decrease in the annual rate of inflation for Medicare payments to hospitals and the establishment of an independent payment advisory board to suggest methods of reducing the rate of growth in Medicare spending. We do not yet know the full impact that the ACA will have on our business. The expansion in the government's role in the U.S. healthcare industry may result in decreased profits to us, lower reimbursement by third-party payors for our products, or reduced volume of medical procedures conducted with our products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any healthcare reform legislation or the impact of potential legislation on us. 
 In addition, since the adoption of the ACA, other legislation designed to keep federal healthcare costs down has been proposed or passed. For example, under the sequestration required by the Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended by the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, Medicare payments for all items and services under Parts A and B incurred on or after April 1, 2013 have been reduced by up to 2 . In 2020 and 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic, Congress passed several laws including the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act and Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, that temporarily suspended the 2 sequestration. At the end of 2021, Congress passed the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act, which extended the suspension on the 2 sequestration through March 31, 2022, and adjusted the sequester to 1 for the period between April 1, 2022 and June 30, 2022. Future federal legislation may impose further limitations on the coverage or amounts of reimbursement available for our products from governmental agencies or third party payors. These limitations could have a negative impact on the demand for our products and services, and therefore on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Since the enactment of the ACA, CMS continues its efforts to move away from fee for service payments for furnishing items and services in Medicare. As a result of actions taken in 2020 and 2021, CMS has finalized, but not implemented a radiation oncology alternative payment model RO-APM ). This model was designed to determine if a site neutral, modality agnostic, episode based payment model would reduce Medicare expenditures and preserve beneficiary quality of care. However, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, implementation of the RO-APM has been delayed several times. On August 29, 2022, CMS published a final rule in the Federal Register, CMS-5527-F2, that delayed the start date of the RO-APM to a date to be determined through future rulemaking. As such, it remains unclear as to if or when CMS will introduce the RO-APM. If implemented, it is unclear what impact, if any, the RO-APM and other government payer initiatives will have on our business and operating results, but uncertainties surrounding the new payment model or other initiatives could pause or otherwise delay the purchase of our products by our customers and any resulting decrease in reimbursement to our customers may result in reduced demand for our services. 
 Future legislative or policy initiatives directed at reducing costs could be introduced at either the federal or state level. We cannot predict what healthcare reform legislation or regulations, if any, including any potential repeal or amendment of the ACA, will be enacted in the United States or elsewhere, what impact any legislation or regulations related to the healthcare system that may be enacted or adopted in the future might have on our business, or the effect of ongoing uncertainty or public perception about these matters will have on the purchasing decisions of our customers. However, the implementation of new legislation and regulation may materially lower reimbursements for our products, materially reduce medical procedure volumes and significantly and adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock is volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly, which could lead to losses for stockholders. 
 The stock market in general has recently experienced relatively large price and volume fluctuations, particularly in response to macroeconomic factors. In addition, the trading prices of the stock of healthcare companies of our size can experience extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or out of proportion to the operating performance of these companies. Our stock price has experienced periods of volatility, including in recent quarters. Broad market fluctuations may also harm our stock price. Continued market fluctuations could result in extreme volatility in the price of our common stock, which could cause a decline in the value of our common stock. Any negative change in the 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 public s perception of the prospects of companies that employ similar technology or sell into similar markets could also depress our stock price, regardless of our actual results. 
 In addition to the other risk factors described above and below, factors affecting the trading price of our common stock include: 
 impacts to our business, operations or financial condition caused by concerns in connection with the global economic environment, COVID-19 pandemic or supply chain disruptions; 

regulatory developments related to manufacturing, marketing or sale of the CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platform; 

political or social uncertainties, including as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 

changes in product pricing policies; 

variations in our operating results, as well as costs and expenditures; 

announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; 

changes in analysts estimates, investors perceptions, recommendations by securities analysts or our failure to achieve analysts and our own estimates; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

the performance of our competitors and investor perception of the markets and industries in which we compete; 

announcement of strategic transactions or capital raising activities; and 

market conditions in our industry, the industries of our customers and the economy as a whole, including the impact of increased inflation, a recession or instability in the banking and financial services sector. 

Future issuances of shares of our common stock could dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. 
 Any issuance of equity securities could dilute the interests of our stockholders and could substantially decrease the trading price of our common stock. We may issue equity securities in the future for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy (including in connection with acquisitions, strategic collaborations or other transactions), to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, to satisfy our obligations upon the exercise of outstanding options or for other reasons. 
 In May 2021, we issued 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes. We exchanged approximately 82.1 million aggregate principal amount of then-outstanding 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 for approximately 97.1 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes and issued approximately 2.9 million aggregate principal amount of the Notes to certain other qualified new investors for cash. To the extent we issue common stock upon conversion of any outstanding convertible notes, that conversion would dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. 
 The conditional conversion features of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion features of the Notes are triggered, holders of the Notes, as applicable, will be entitled to convert such notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert such notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying solely cash in lieu of any fractional share), including if we have irrevocably elected full physical settlement upon conversion, we would be required to make cash payments to satisfy all or a portion of our conversion obligation based on the applicable conversion rate, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert such notes, if we have irrevocably elected net share settlement upon conversion we could be required under applicable accounting rules to 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of such notes as a current rather than long term liability, which could result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 Provisions in the indenture for the Notes, the credit agreement for our Credit Facilities, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws could discourage or prevent a takeover, even if an acquisition would be beneficial in the opinion of our stockholders. 
 Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be beneficial in the opinion of our stockholders. These provisions include: 
 authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt; 

establishing a classified board of directors, which could discourage a takeover attempt; 

prohibiting cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would limit the ability of less than a majority of stockholders to elect director candidates; 

limiting the ability of stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

prohibiting stockholder action by written consent and requiring that all stockholder actions be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; and 

establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company. Generally, Section 203 prohibits stockholders who, alone or together with their affiliates and associates, own more than 15 of the subject company from engaging in certain business combinations for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder of such subject company without approval of the board or 66 2 / 3 of the independent stockholders. The existence of these provisions could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 
 A change of control will also trigger an event of default under the Credit Facilities. If an event of default occurs, the agent for the lenders under the Credit Facilities may, at its discretion, suspend or terminate any of the lenders loan obligations thereunder and/or declare all or any portion of the loan then outstanding under the Credit Facilities, including all accrued but unpaid interest thereon, to be accelerated and immediately due and payable. 
 Furthermore, if a fundamental change (as such term is defined in the applicable indenture of the Notes) occurs, holders of the Notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their convertible notes. A fundamental change generally occurs when there is a change in control of Accuray (acquisition of 50 or more of our voting stock, liquidation or sale of Accuray not for stock in another publicly traded company) or trading of our stock is terminated. In the event of a make whole fundamental change (as such term is defined in the applicable indenture of the Notes), we may also be required to increase the conversion rate applicable to the Notes surrendered for conversion in connection with such make whole fundamental change. A make whole fundamental change is generally a sale of Accuray not for stock in another publicly traded company. In addition, the applicable indentures for the Notes prohibits us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Notes. 
 General Risks 
 Our liquidity could be adversely impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. 
 At June 30, 2023, we had 89.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. The available cash and cash equivalents are held in accounts managed by third party financial institutions and consist of cash in our operating accounts and cash invested in money market funds. To date, we have experienced no material realized losses on or lack of access to our invested cash, or 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. 
 Actual events involving reduced or limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect domestic and international financial institutions or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. In addition, the tightening of the credit markets would it make more difficult to raise capital through either debt or equity offerings on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 
 At any point in time, we also have funds in our operating accounts that are with third-party financial institutions that exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance limits. While we monitor daily the cash balances in our operating accounts and adjust the cash balances as appropriate, these cash balances could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or become subject to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to cash in our operating accounts. 
 Our operations are vulnerable to interruption or loss because of natural disasters, global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, terrorist acts and other events beyond our control, which has impacted and could in the future adversely affect our business. 
 We have facilities in countries around the world, including two manufacturing facilities, each of which is equipped to manufacture unique components of our products. Our manufacturing facilities are located in Madison, Wisconsin, and Chengdu, China. We do not maintain backup manufacturing facilities for any of our manufacturing facilities or for our IT facilities, so we depend on each of our current facilities for the continued operation of our business. In addition, we conduct a significant portion of other activities, including administration and data processing, at facilities located in California, which has experienced major earthquakes and fires in the past, as well as other natural disasters. Chengdu, China, where one of our manufacturing facilities is located, has also experienced major earthquakes in the past. We do not carry earthquake insurance. In addition, China has suffered health epidemics related to the outbreak of COVID-19 (including resurgences of COVID-19), avian influenza and severe acute respiratory syndrome, which could adversely affect our operations in China, including our manufacturing operations in Chengdu, as well as the operations of the JV and those of our customers. Furthermore, the COVID-19 pandemic has spread widely around the world, including in locations where we have facilities and operations. Unexpected events at any of our facilities or otherwise, including as a result of responses to epidemics or pandemics; fires or explosions; natural disasters, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes and earthquakes; war or terrorist activities (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine); unplanned outages; supply disruptions; and failures of equipment or systems, including telecommunications systems, or the failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, could significantly disrupt our operations, delay or prevent product manufacturing and shipment for the time required to repair, rebuild or replace our manufacturing facilities, which could be lengthy, result in large expenses to repair or replace the facilities, and adversely affect our results of operation. In particular, telecommunication system failures or disruptions could significantly disrupt our operations as a result of our increase remote work arrangements. In addition, concerns about terrorism, the effects of a terrorist attack, political turmoil or an epidemic outbreak could have a negative effect on our operations and the operations of our suppliers and customers and the ability to travel, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in interpretation or application of generally accepted accounting principles may adversely affect our operating results. 
 We prepare our financial statements to conform to U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission and various other regulatory or accounting bodies. A change in interpretations of, or our application of, these principles can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before a change is announced. Additionally, as we are required to adopt new accounting standards, our methods of accounting for certain items may change, which could cause our results of operations to fluctuate from period to period. Under the previous accounting guidance, we recognized system revenue upon acceptance when and if we have installation responsibilities. If circumstances change over time or interpretation of the revenue recognition rules change, we could be required to adjust the timing of recognizing revenue and our financial results could suffer. 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and, therefore, do not anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, capital requirements, financial condition, prospects, contractual arrangements, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. If we do not pay dividends, a return on a stockholders investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 
 Item 1B. UNRESOL VED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 Item 2. P ROPERTIES 
 Facilities 
 On July 31, 2023, we moved our corporate headquarters from Sunnyvale, California to Madison, Wisconsin. We lease approximately 187,000 square feet in Madison, Wisconsin for product development, manufacturing, administrative and warehouse space. We lease approximately 124,000 square feet in Sunnyvale, California for administrative and product development functions. We lease approximately 20,000 square feet in Morges, Switzerland, for administrative functions. We lease approximately 42,000 square feet of space in a manufacturing facility in Chengdu, China. We also lease offices in Solon, Ohio and Chapel Hill, North Carolina for research and development functions; and lease international offices in China; Hong Kong; Japan; Korea; India; Spain; and Belgium. 
 We believe our current facilities are adequate to meet our current needs, but additional space, including additional radiation shielded areas in which systems can be assembled and tested, may be required in the future to accommodate anticipated increases in manufacturing needs. 
 Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Refer to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of certain legal proceedings currently pending against the Company. From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. 
 Item 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STO CKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Stock Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ARAY. 
 
 We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock. Our Board of Directors intends to use any future earnings to support operations and reinvest in the growth and development of our business. There are no current plans to pay cash dividends to common stockholders in the foreseeable future. 
 As of August 31, 2023, there were 174 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers or other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial stockholders and believe the number of stockholders of record underestimates our total number of stockholders. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock between June 30, 2018 and June 30, 2023, with the cumulative total return of (i) the S P Healthcare Index and (ii) the Nasdaq Composite Index, over the same period. This graph assumes the investment of 100 on June 30, 2018 in our common stock, the S P 500 Health Care Index and the Nasdaq Composite Index, and assumes the reinvestment of dividends, if any. 

COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN Among Accuray Incorporated, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the S P Health Care Index 6/14 6/15 6/16 6/17 6/18 6/19 0 20 40 60 80 100 120 140 160 180 200 Accuray Incorporated NASDAQ Composite S P Health Care 100 invested on 6/30/14 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending June 30. Copyright 2019 Standard Poor's, a division of S P Global. All rights reserved 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The comparisons shown in the graph above are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph above is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
 Item 6. [RESERVED] 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS O F FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 You should read the following discussion of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion contains forward looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this report on Form 10 K, particularly in Risk Factors. See Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements for more information. This section generally discusses the results of our operations for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. For a discussion of the year ended June 30, 2022 compared to the year ended June 30, 2021, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022. 
 Overview 
 Company 
 
 Accuray Incorporated is a radiation therapy company that develops, manufactures, sells and supports market-changing solutions that are designed to deliver radiation treatments for even the most complex cases, while making commonly treatable cases even more straightforward, to meet the full spectrum of patient needs. We believe in comparison to conventional linear accelerators, our treatment delivery, planning, and data management solutions provide better accuracy, flexibility, and control; fewer treatments with shorter treatment times; and the technology to expand beyond cancer, making it easier for clinical teams around the world to provide treatments that help patients get back to living their lives, faster. 
 Our innovative technologies, the CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms, including the Radixact System, our next generation TomoTherapy platform, are designed to deliver advanced treatments, including stereotactic radiosurgery SRS ), stereotactic body radiation therapy SBRT ), intensity modulated radiation therapy (IMRT), image-guided radiation therapy IGRT ), and adaptive radiation therapy ART ). The CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms have complementary clinical applications with the same goal: to empower our customers to deliver the most precise and accurate treatments while still minimizing dose to healthy tissue, helping to reduce the risk of side effects that may impact patients quality of life. Each of these systems serves patient populations treated by the same medical specialty, radiation oncology, with advanced capabilities. The CyberKnife platform is also used by neurosurgeons specializing in radiosurgery to treat patients with tumors in the brain and spine, and neurologic and/or endocrine disorders. In addition to these products, we also provide services, which include post-contract customer support (warranty period services and post-warranty services), installation services, training, and other professional services. 
 
 Current Economic Conditions 
 
 We are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by events with significant macroeconomic impacts, including, but not limited to, rising inflation, actions taken to counter inflation, including rising interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, instability in the banking sector, the COVID-19 pandemic, and geopolitical concerns, such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine and increasing tension between China and the U.S., including with respect to Taiwan. We are also continuing to navigate supply chain and inflation challenges and foreign exchange, all of which continues to have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We expect that our customers business and our business will continue to be adversely impacted, directly or indirectly, by macroeconomic and geopolitical issues, including supply chain issues, inflation, labor, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, uncertainty and volatility in the banking and financial services sector, tightening credit markets, the effects of 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the COVID-19 related restrictions, and other factors that may emerge. In addition, rising inflation and the ongoing supply chain challenges and attendant heightened logistics costs have materially affected our gross margins and net income (loss), and we expect that gross margins and net income (loss) will continue to be adversely affected by increased material costs and freight and logistic expenses through at least fiscal year 2024, if not longer. The extent of the ongoing impact of these macroeconomic events on our business, our markets and on global economic activity however, is uncertain and the related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated with any certainty at this time. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trends including conversion of backlog to revenue, income (loss) from operations, net income (loss), net income (loss) per share and cash flows may differ materially. Accordingly, management is carefully evaluating our liquidity position, communicating with and monitoring the actions of our customers and suppliers, and reviewing our near-term financial performance as the uncertainty related to these factors continues to unfold. We also continue to evaluate our operating expenses, including our real estate needs and continue to assess our operations and how and to what extent we will continue to utilize our current real estate assets. The risks related to our business, including further discussion of the impact and possible future impacts of the current economic conditions on our business and the COVID-19 pandemic, are further described in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Sale of Our Products 
 
 Generating revenue from the sale of our platforms is a lengthy process. Selling our platforms, from first contact with a potential customer to a signed sales contract that meets our backlog criteria (as discussed below) varies significantly and generally spans between six months and 30 months. The length of time between receipt of a signed contract and revenue recognition is generally governed by the time required by the customer to build, renovate or prepare the treatment room for installation of the platform. We report our customer revenues in four geographic regions: the Americas, EIMEA, Asia Pacific and Japan. The Americas region includes the United States, Canada and Latin America. The EIMEA region includes Europe, India, the Middle East and Africa. The Asia Pacific region consists of Asia, Australia and New Zealand. 
 
 In the United States, we primarily market directly to customers, including hospitals and stand-alone treatment facilities, through our sales organization we also market to customers through sales agents and group purchasing organizations. Outside the United States, we market to customers directly and through use of distributors and sales agents. In addition to our offices in the United States, we have international offices in Morges, Switzerland; Hong Kong, China; Shanghai, China and Tokyo, Japan and direct sales staff in most countries in Western Europe, Japan, India and Canada. In addition, we have distributors in Eastern Europe, Russia, the Middle East, the Asia Pacific region, and Latin America. 
 
 Our systems have been named in 100 out of 118 Class A user licenses awarded in the 13th five year plan by the China National Health Commission to purchase radiation therapy devices. The Chinese Ministry of Health requires a tender process following the license awards for all participating end user hospitals prior to being able to take receipt of a Class A device. This tender process defines the transactional terms and conditions related to each hospital s equipment order and does not put us in a competitive bidding situation that would result in changes in the specific device for which the hospital has received the Class A user license. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we delivered Class A devices to China and recognized system revenue related to such devices of approximately 32.6 million in the same period. Despite the challenges and uncertainties in China and around the world, including those created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we continue to believe that China remains the world s fastest growing market for radiation oncology systems and the pandemic does not affect the long-term demand for radiotherapy equipment in China. 
 
 Joint Venture 
 
 In January 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Accuray Asia Limited Accuray Asia ), entered into an agreement with CNNC High Energy Equipment (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (the CIRC Subsidiary ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Isotope Radiation Corporation, to form a joint venture, CNNC Accuray (Tianjin) Medical Technology Co. Ltd. (the JV ), to manufacture and sell radiation oncology systems in China. The JV aims to be uniquely positioned to serve China, which we believe is the world s largest growth market for radiation oncology systems. China represents a significantly underserved market for linacs based on the country s population and cancer incidence rates on both an absolute and relative country basis. Accuray Asia has a 49 ownership interest in the JV and the CIRC Subsidiary has a 51 ownership interest in the JV. 
 
 With the receipt of the necessary permits and licenses to operate, the JV has begun selling products in China, much like a distributor. In the long term, we anticipate that the JV will manufacture and sell a locally branded Made in China 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 radiotherapy device in the Class B license category, or Class B device, which would replace our current offering in that category. We believe this strategy will allow us to best maximize both near and longer-term opportunities in China. The regulatory submission to the National Medical Products Administration NMPA has been completed and we expect to receive NMPA clearance in the first half of calendar year 2024 and take orders shortly thereafter. For more information on the JV, see Note 11, Joint Venture, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Restructuring 
 
 In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we announced a cost savings initiative designed to reduce operating costs. This cost savings initiative resulted in the reduction of our global workforce by 4.5 . We recorded 2.7 million in restructuring charges during the fiscal year 2023. These charges are cash-based charges, primarily related to severance expenses and other one-time termination benefits. At June 30, 2023, we do not have any remaining accruals related to the restructuring charges. 
 
 Backlog 
 In order for the product portion of a system sales agreement to be included in backlog, it must meet the following criteria: 
 The contract is properly executed by both the customer and us. A customer purchase order that incorporates the terms of our contract quote will be considered equivalent to a signed and executed contract. The contract has either cleared all its contingencies or contained no contingencies when signed; 

We have received a minimum deposit or a letter of credit; or the sale is to a customer where a deposit is deemed not necessary or customary (i.e., sale to a government entity, a large hospital, group of hospitals or cancer care group that has sufficient credit, customers with trade-in of existing equipment, sales via tender awards, or indirect channel sales that have signed contracts with end-customers); 

The specific end-customer site has been identified by the customer in the written contract or written amendment; and 

Less than 30 months have passed since the contract met all the criteria above. 

Our backlog includes contractual agreements with our customers for the purchase of our CyberKnife or TomoTherapy platforms, including the Radixact Systems and related upgrades. The amount of backlog recognized into revenue is primarily impacted by three items: cancellations, age-outs and age-ins, and foreign currency fluctuations. We cannot provide assurance that we will convert backlog into recognized revenue, primarily due to factors outside of our control, such as: 
 Orders could be cancelled for reasons such as, changes in customers priorities or financial condition, changes in government or health insurance reimbursement policies, or changes to regulatory requirements. Cancellations are outside of our control and are difficult to forecast; however, we continue to work closely with our customers to minimize the impact of cancellations on our business; 

Orders are considered aged-out and removed from reported backlog if we have not been able to recognize revenue on an agreement after 30 months. Agreements may age-out for many reasons, including but not limited to, the inability of the customer to pay, the inability of the customer to adapt their facilities to accommodate our products in a timely manner, or the inability to timely obtain licenses necessary for customer facilities or operation of our equipment. Age-ins represent orders that previously aged-out but have been recognized as revenue in the current period; and 

Orders include amounts not denominated in U.S. Dollars and therefore, fluctuations in the U.S. Dollar as compared to other currencies will impact revenue. Generally, strengthening of the U.S. Dollar will negatively impact revenue. Backlog is stated at historical foreign currency exchange rates, and revenue is released from backlog at current exchange rates, with any difference recorded as a backlog adjustment. 

67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A summary of gross orders, net orders, and order backlog is as follows (in thousands): 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Gross orders 
 
 311,094 

332,268 

325,929 

Age-ins 
 
 39,435 

34,884 

26,647 

Age-outs 
 
 (152,573) 

(183,753) 

(148,779) 

Cancellations 
 
 (6,670) 

(11,348) 

(15,119) 

Currency impacts and other 
 
 (8,354) 

(4,735) 

3,203 

Net orders 
 
 182,932 

167,316 

191,881 

Order backlog at the end of the period 
 
 510,641 

563,684 

616,399 

As of June 30, 2023, the portion of our order backlog that represented upgrades sold through service contracts, totaled 0.6 million, as compared to 0.2 million as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Gross Orders and Book to Bill Ratio 
 Gross orders are defined as the sum of new orders recorded during the period, adjusted for any revisions to existing orders during the period. 
 Gross orders decreased by 21.2 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to decreases in EIMEA, partially offset by an increase in Asia Pacific and China. CyberKnife platform gross orders decreased by 45.5 million and TomoTherapy platform gross orders increased by 24.3 million. Gross orders were unfavorably impacted by 12.0 million due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Our book to bill ratio is defined as gross orders for the period divided by product revenue for the period. Our book to bill ratio for the year ended June 30, 2023, was 1.3 as compared to 1.5 for the year ended June 30, 2022. A book-to-bill ratio greater than 1.2 indicates strong demand for our products. This metric allows management to monitor our business development efforts to ensure we grow our backlog and our business over time. 
 Net Orders 
 Net orders are defined as gross orders, less cancellations, age-outs net of age-ins, foreign exchange and other adjustments during the period. 
 Net orders increased by 15.6 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, resulting from a reduction in the age-out of orders, a reduction in the cancellation of orders and an increase in the age-ins of orders, partially offset by a decrease in gross orders and unfavorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations. 
 In recent years, the percentage of gross orders received from our distribution partners in the international markets represented 76 , 71 , and 82 of gross orders for fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We anticipate that distributor orders from international markets will continue to represent a significant portion of our gross orders in the foreseeable future. International orders are affected by foreign currency fluctuation as well as government programs that stimulate the purchase of healthcare products, both of which could affect the demand for our products and timing of orders from period to period. In addition, our order-to-revenue conversion cycle for international distributor orders has been generally longer, compared to that of direct channel sales and could cause fluctuations in our age-outs from period to period. 
 68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Fiscal 2023 results compared to fiscal 2022 
 
 Net revenue 
 Net revenue by sales classification is as follows: 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Products (a) 
 
 233,192 

9 

214,715 

22 

176,647 

Services (b) 
 
 214,413 

(0) 

215,194 

(2) 

219,642 

Net revenue 
 
 447,605 

4 

429,909 

8 

396,289 

Products revenue as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 52 

50 

45 

Service revenue as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 48 

50 

55 

a) Includes sales of products to the JV, an equity method investment, of 55,658 during the year ended June 30, 2023, 45,545 during the year ended June 30, 2022, and 12,033 during the year ended June 30, 2021, respectively. See Note 11. 

b) Includes sales of services to the JV, an equity method investment, of 10,919 during the year ended June 30, 2023, 10,332 during the year ended June 30, 2022, and 12,360 during the year ended June 30, 2021, respectively. See Note 11. 

Products net revenue increased by 18.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to an increase in Tomo Therapy platform sales, partially offset by a decrease in CyberKnife platform sales. Product revenues were unfavorably impacted by 7.0 million due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Services net revenue decreased by 0.8 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to a 4.9 million decrease in revenue from contract services that was largely driven by unfavorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by 4.1 million increase in revenue from training, spare parts, upgrades and installation activity. Service revenues were unfavorably impacted by 10.8 million due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Net revenue by geographic region, which is based on the shipping location of our customer, is as follows: 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Americas 
 
 122,335 

(3) 

126,005 

19 

105,878 

EIMEA 
 
 155,879 

16 

134,640 

11 

121,568 

China 
 
 75,762 

(13) 

86,935 

9 

79,782 

Japan 
 
 61,962 

16 

53,376 

(15) 

62,636 

Asia Pacific, excluding China 
 
 31,667 

9 

28,953 

10 

26,425 

Net revenue 
 
 447,605 

4 

429,909 

8 

396,289 

Revenue derived from sales outside of the Americas region was 325.3 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 303.9 million during the year ended June 30, 2022. Revenue derived from sales outside the Americas region increased primarily due to an increase from system sales in EIMEA and Japan, and an increase from services in EIMEA, Asia Pacific, and China, mostly offset by a decrease from sales of systems in China, which was largely due to COVID-19-related restrictions that occurred during the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Revenues from the Americas region decreased by 3.7 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to a decrease from service revenue, partially offset by an increase from sales of systems. 
 
 Gross profit 
 
 Gross profit by sales classification is as follows: 
 69 
 
 Table of Contents 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Products gross profit 
 
 79,565 

(9) 

87,428 

17 

74,547 

Services gross profit 
 
 74,395 

3 

72,527 

(15) 

84,960 

Gross profit 
 
 153,960 

(4) 

159,955 

0 

159,507 

Total gross profit as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 34.4 

37.2 

40.3 

The overall gross profit decreased by 6.0 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, due to a decrease in products gross profit, which was largely driven by unfavorable foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation, and an unfavorable product mix in the sales of our systems, partially offset by an increase in service gross profit driven by lower headcount and improved parts efficiency. 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Research and development 
 
 57,129 

(1) 

57,752 

10 

52,729 

Selling and marketing 
 
 46,178 

(7) 

49,664 

16 

42,820 

General and administrative 
 
 48,271 

9 

44,391 

6 

41,723 

Total operating expenses 
 
 151,578 

151,807 

137,272 

Research and development as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 13 

13 

13 

Selling and marketing as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 10 

12 

11 

General and administrative as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 11 

10 

11 

Total operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue 
 
 34 

35 

35 

Research and development expenses decreased by 0.6 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to a reduction in outside services and consulting, partially offset by an increase in employee compensation and benefits, which includes severance payments in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, and lower research and development credits from our equity method investment. 
 
 Selling and marketing expenses decreased by 3.5 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to lower employee compensation and benefits due to lower headcount as a result of our cost savings initiatives during the first half of fiscal year 2023, and a decrease in outside services. 
 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 3.9 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to higher external consulting fees related to the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system, a 2.0 million bad debt reserve in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023 related to the unplanned U.S. bankruptcy of one customer, and employee compensation and benefits, as a result of an increase in headcount. 
 
 Income on equity method investment 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Income on equity method investment 
 
 2,572 

967 

241 

(72) 

872 

Income on equity method investment increased by 2.3 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, due to an increase in the sales of systems by our JV. 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Other expense, net 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Interest expense 
 
 (10,632) 

31 

(8,129) 

(52) 

(16,893) 

Foreign currency transaction loss 
 
 (878) 

(66) 

(2,618) 

34 

(1,953) 

Loss on debt extinguishment 
 
 - 

0 

- 

(100) 

(9,948) 

Other 
 
 (232) 

(165) 

356 

(68) 

1,128 

Total other expense, net 
 
 (11,742) 

(10,391) 

(27,666) 

Other expense, net, increased by 1.4 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to an increase in interest expense as a result of higher interest rates on our Credit Facility, partially offset by a decrease in foreign currency transaction losses. 
 Provision for income taxes 

Years Ended June 30, 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2023 

Percent Change 

2022 

Percent Change 

2021 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 2,492 

(26) 

3,345 

91 

1,752 

Provision for income taxes decreased by 0.9 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022, primarily due to lower deferred tax liability on Switzerland withholding taxes as compared to the prior year. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 At June 30, 2023, we had 89.4 million in cash and cash equivalents. Cash from operations could be affected by various risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the ongoing recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, actions taken to counter inflation, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and instability in the banking sector and the risks included in Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. Based on our cash and cash equivalents balance, available debt facilities, current business plan and revenue prospects, we believe we will have sufficient cash resources and anticipated cash flows to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months. We continue however, to critically review our liquidity and anticipated capital requirements in light of the significant uncertainty created by macroeconomic conditions and ongoing recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Our liquidity and cash flows have been and could continue to be materially impacted by current macroeconomic factors, including facility closures, supply chain disruptions, rising inflation, increased volatility in the financial markets, instability in the banking sector, tightening of credit markets which could impact debt availability, and the COVID-19 pandemic. These factors have and could continue to negatively impact our business operations and cash flows for the foreseeable future, including reductions in revenue, decreases in gross margin and delays in payments from customers, as well as declines or delays in the conversion of backlog to revenue. For example, certain of our revenue may not be collectible to the extent our customers suffer financial difficulty and, in fiscal 2023, we increased our bad debt reserve to account for potentially uncollectible revenue. Accordingly, there remain uncertainties as to how the COVID-19 pandemic and the current macroeconomic environment will impact our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition in the future. As a result, we are unable to predict with certainty the impacts of these factors on our ability to maintain compliance with the financial covenants contained in the credit and security agreements related to our credit facilities. 
 
 In May 2021, we issued 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 under an indenture between us and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. Concurrently, with the issuance of the notes, in May 2021, we entered into a senior secured credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, individually as a lender and agent, and the other lenders (the Existing Credit Agreement ), which provides for a five-year 80 million term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility and a 40 million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). In October 2022, we entered into an amendment with respect of our Existing Credit Agreement to change the requirements of the financial maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 through the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, we had an outstanding balance under the Term Loan Facility of 69.1 million and Revolving Credit Facility of 10.0 million. The weighted average effective interest rate on the outstanding balances under the Term Loan Facility was 7.26 and Revolving Credit Facility was 8.27 during the twelve months ended June 30, 2023. See Note 9, Debt to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding the Existing Credit Agreement and 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. Also see Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our cash commitments related to our debt. 
 
 We may also experience other, unexpected impacts to our business, including matters discussed in the Part I, Item 1A titled Risk Factors. While we were in compliance with such covenants for the period ended June 30, 2023, failure to meet the covenant requirements in the future could cause us to be in default and the maturity of the related debt could be accelerated and become immediately payable. Following June 30, 2023, our financial maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement will become more stringent and, as a result could be more difficult to comply with. These restrictions could adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs, withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general, engage in business activities, including future opportunities that may be in our interest, and plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute our business strategies. Our ability to comply with the covenants and other terms governing the Credit Facilities will depend in part on our future operating performance. If we fail to comply with such covenants and terms, we may be in default and the maturity of the related debt could be accelerated and become immediately due and payable. In addition, because substantially all of our assets are pledged as a security under the Credit Facilities, if we are not able to cure any default or repay outstanding borrowings, such assets are subject to the risk of foreclosure by our lenders. This may require us to obtain waivers or amendments to the credit and security agreement in order to maintain compliance and there can be no certainty that any such waiver or amendments will be available, or what the cost of such waiver or amendment, if obtained, would be. If we are unable to obtain necessary waivers or amendment and the debt under such credit facility is accelerated, we would be required to obtain replacement financing at prevailing market rates, which may not be favorable to us. There is no guarantee that we would be able to satisfy our obligations if any of our indebtedness is accelerated. 
 
 Additionally, the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries at June 30, 2023, for all countries except Japan, France, and Switzerland are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and unavailable for distribution in the form of dividends or otherwise. Future repatriation of our foreign earnings could be subject to income taxes. As of June 30, 2023, we had 8.5 million of cash and cash equivalents at our foreign subsidiaries. If such funds were repatriated, there will be additional foreign tax withholdings imposed, depending on the country from which the funds were repatriated. 
 Cash Flows 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

15,539 

(2,400) 

38,512 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(12,681) 

(4,717) 

(2,399) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(2,112) 

(15,369) 

(28,805) 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

302 

(5,561) 

982 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

1,048 

(28,047) 

8,290 

Cash Flows From Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 15.5 million during the year ended 2023, resulting primarily from a 20.2 million increase in non-cash items and a 4.6 million increase from the net changes in assets and liabilities, offset by a net loss of 9.3 million. 
 Non-cash items primarily consisted of consisted of share-based compensation expense of 10.1 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 4.5 million, provision for inventories write-down of 4.4 million, and 2.3 million for provision for credit losses, partially offset by income from our equity method investment of 2.6 million. 

72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The major contributors to the increase in net changes of assets and liabilities during the year ended 2023 were as follows: an 18.5 million decrease in accounts receivable primarily due to an increase in collections; and a 2.9 million increase in accounts payable primarily due to the timing of payments; partially offset by a 6.9 million increase in inventories primarily due to increased costs for parts; a 4.7 million decrease in customer advances due to delivery of orders, and a 2.6 million decrease in deferred revenue primarily due to the timing of revenue recognition. 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 12.7 million during the year ended 2023, primarily due to the purchase of property and equipment, which included 5.7 million for the implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system in which the costs were capitalized. 
 Cash Flows From Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities during the year ended 2023 was due to the scheduled payment of 6.0 million of the principal amount outstanding on our Term Loan Facility and a 2.9 million repayment of our 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022, primarily offset by a 5.0 million drawdown on our Revolving Credit Facility and 2.2 million in proceeds from the issuance of common stock to employees from employee stock plans. 
 Operating Capital and Capital Expenditure Requirements 
 
 Our future capital requirements depend on numerous factors. These factors include but are not limited to the following: 
 Revenue generated by sales of our products and service plans; 

Our ability to generate cash flows from operations; 

Costs associated with our sales and marketing initiatives and manufacturing activities; 

Facilities, equipment and IT systems required to support current and future operations; 

Rate of progress and cost of our research and development activities; 

Costs of obtaining and maintaining FDA and other regulatory clearances of our products; 

Effects of competing technological and market developments; 

Number and timing of acquisitions and other strategic transactions; 

Servicing and maturity of our current future indebtedness, including interest rates; 

The impact of inflation on our expenses; and 

The unpredictable impact of the macroeconomic environment and the COVID-19 pandemic, including on collections, supply chain, and logistics. 

We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents balance will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. If these sources of cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, or we believe market conditions are favorable, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or enter into additional credit facilities. The sale of additional equity or convertible debt securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of debt securities, these securities could have rights senior to those associated with our common stock and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. Additional financing may not be available at all, or in amounts or on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain this additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our planned product development and marketing efforts. 
 Operating and Capital Expenditure Requirements and Contractual Obligations 
 Our purchase commitments and obligations include all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 goods or services and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. A majority of these purchase obligations are due within a year. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. Our long-term material cash requirements include lease obligations. See Note 5, Leases to the Notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 We are experiencing rising costs for certain materials, including increased logistics costs, that have adversely affected our gross margins, which have had a material effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023. Continued pressure from inflationary factors, such as further increases in the cost of materials for our products, interest rates, overhead costs and logistics costs could further exacerbate these effects and harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities. The economic uncertainty in the current environment caused by the COVID-19 pandemic however, could limit our ability to accurately make and evaluate our estimates and judgments. Actual results could therefore differ materially from those estimates if actual conditions differ from our assumptions. 
 All of our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are described in Note 1, The Company and its Significant Accounting Policies, to the consolidated financial statements. The methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. Management believes the critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition and the assessment of stand-alone selling price SSP ), allowance for credit losses, valuation of inventories, and the valuation of equity method investments. 
 
 Revenue Recognition and the Assessment of Stand-Alone Selling Price 
 
 Our revenue is primarily derived from new system and upgrade sales of CyberKnife and TomoTherapy platforms and services, which include post-contract customer support PCS contracts (warranty period services and post-warranty services), installation services, training and other professional services. We record our revenue net of any value-added or sales tax. We recognize revenue for certain performance obligations at the point in time when control is transferred, such as delivery of products. We recognize revenue for certain other performance obligations over a period of time as control of the goods or services is transferred, such as PCS and construction contracts. Payments received in advance of system shipment are recorded as customer advances and are deferred until product shipment when they are recognized in revenue. We assess the probability of collection based on a number of factors, including past transaction history with the customer and creditworthiness of the customer. We generally do not request collateral from our customers but will request advance payments or letter s of credit when deemed necessary. 
 
 We frequently enter into sales arrangements that contain multiple performance obligations. For sale arrangements that contain multiple performance obligations, we account for individual products and services separately if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the bundled package and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. The SSP is determined based on observable prices at which we separately sell the products and services. If the SSP is not directly observable, then we will estimate the SSP considering market conditions, entity-specific factors, and information about the customer or class of customer that is reasonably available. 
 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 We evaluate the creditworthiness of our customers prior to authorizing shipment for all major sale transactions. On a quarterly basis, we evaluate aged items in the accounts receivable aging report and provide an allowance in an amount we deem adequate for credit losses. If our evaluation of our customers financial conditions does not reflect our future ability to collect outstanding receivables, additional provisions may be needed and our operating results could be negatively affected. 
 Valuation of Inventories 
 The valuation of inventory requires us to estimate obsolete or excess inventory as well as damaged inventory. The determination of obsolete or excess inventory requires us to estimate the future demand for our products. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and adjust for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on historical usage rates and our estimates of product demand to support future sales and service. If our demand forecast for specific products is greater than actual demand and we fail to reduce purchasing and manufacturing output accordingly, we could be required to write off inventory beyond the current reserve, which would negatively impact our gross margin. 
 Valuation of Equity Method Investments 
 We have an equity method investment in CNNC Accuray (Tianjin) Medical Technologies Co. Ltd., our joint venture in China. Our equity method investment is held at cost and adjusted for impairment when it would be deemed to be impaired. We monitor this investment for events or circumstances indicative of a potential impairment, and we make appropriate reductions in carrying value if we determine that an impairment charge is required, based primarily on the financial condition or near term prospects of the investee. 
 Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We do not utilize derivative financial instruments, derivative commodity instruments or other market risk sensitive instruments, positions or transactions. 
 C oncentration of Credit and Other Risks 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents are deposited with several major financial institutions. At times, deposits in these institutions exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts and do not believe that we are exposed to any significant risk of loss on these balances. 
 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, there was one customer that represented 10 or more of total net revenue. We had one customer as of June 30, 2023 and two customers as of June 30, 2022, respectively, that each accounted for more than 10 of our total accounts receivable, net. 
 
 We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain reserves for potential credit losses. Accounts receivable are deemed past due in accordance with the contractual terms of the agreement with such customer. Accounts receivable balances are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts once collection efforts are unsuccessful. 
 
 Single-source suppliers presently provide us with several components. In most cases, if a supplier was unable to deliver these components, we believe that we would be able to find other sources for these components subject to any regulatory qualifications, if required. 
 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
 A portion of our net sales are denominated in foreign currencies, most notably the Swiss Franc, Euro and the Japanese Yen. Future fluctuations in the value of the U.S. Dollar may affect the price competitiveness of our products outside the United States. For direct sales outside the United States, we sell in both U.S. Dollars and local currencies, which could expose us to additional foreign currency risks, including changes in currency exchange rates. Our operating expenses in countries outside the United States are payable in foreign currencies and therefore, expose us to currency risk. To the extent that management can predict the timing of payments under sales contracts or for operating expenses that are denominated in foreign currencies, we may engage in hedging transactions to mitigate such risks in the future. We expect the changes in the 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 fair value of the net foreign currency assets arising from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates to be materially offset by the changes in the fair value of the forward contracts. As of June 30, 2023, we had open currency forward contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies with stated, or notional value, of approximately 61.5 million. 
 The purpose of these forward contracts is to minimize the risk associated with foreign exchange rate fluctuations. We have developed a foreign exchange policy to govern our forward contracts. These foreign currency forward contracts do not qualify as cash flow hedges and all changes in fair value are reported in earnings as part of other expenses, net. We have not entered into any other types of derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purpose. Our foreign currency forward contract valuation inputs are based on quoted prices and quoted pricing intervals from public data and do not involve management judgment. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our debt obligations consist of a variety of financial instruments that expose us to interest rate risk, including, but not limited to the Credit Facilities and our 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. The interest rates on the 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 are fixed and the interest rate on the Credit Facilities are at variable rates, which are tied to a prime rate and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). As of June 30, 2023, borrowings under the Term Loan Facility totaled 69.1 million, net of issuance cost, with an annual interest rate of 3.0 plus 90-day term SOFR, and borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility totaled 10.0 million with an annual interest rate of 3.0 plus 90-day term SOFR. If the amount outstanding under the Credit Facilities remained at this level for the next 12 months and interest rates increased or decreased by a 50 basis point change, our annual interest expense would increase or decrease, respectively, approximately 0.4 million. Refer to Note 9, Debt to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion regarding our debt obligations. 
 Equity Price Risk 
 On May 13, 2021, we issued approximately 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. Upon conversion, we can settle the obligation by issuing our common stock, cash or a combination thereof at an initial conversion rate equal to 170.5611 shares of common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately 5.86 per share of common stock, subject to adjustment. There is no equity price risk if the share price of our common stock is below 5.86 upon conversion of the 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026. For every 1 that the share price of our common stock exceeds 5.86, we expect to issue an additional 17.1 million in cash or shares of our common stock, or a combination thereof, if all of the 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 are converted. 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 ACCURAY INCORPORATED 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page No. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 248) 
 
 78 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 80 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 81 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 82 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 83 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 85 

77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGIST ERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Accuray Incorporated (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated September 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Determination of standalone selling price 
 As described further in note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s contracts with customers often include multiple performance obligations. The Company applies the five steps of Financial Accounting Standards Board Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , in the determination of revenue to be recognized, with step four related to the allocation of the transaction price to multiple performance obligations. The transaction price of each contract is allocated to individual performance obligations based upon relative stand-alone selling price SSP ). The SSP of performance obligations is determined based on observable prices at which the Company separately sells the products and services. If the SSP is not directly observable, the Company will estimate the SSP considering market conditions, entity specific factors, and information about the customer or class of customer that is reasonably available. We identified the determination of the SSP of performance obligations as a critical audit matter. 
 
 The principal consideration for our assessment that the determination of the SSP of performance obligations represents a critical audit matter is that the estimates made in determining SSP involve significant judgments. Evaluating the appropriateness of these estimates requires a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort. 
 78 
 
 Table of Contents 

Our audit procedures related to the determination of the SSP of performance obligations included the following, among others: 
 We tested the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company s determination of the SSP of performance obligations, including controls covering the validation of the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the analysis. 

We evaluated the appropriateness of the overall methodology used by management, including considering whether the methodology maximized the use of observable inputs available. 

For products and services where the SSP is directly observable, we evaluated the completeness and accuracy of the data used by management in determining the SSP. We recalculated the pricing inputs within the analysis and agreed selected data to executed sales agreements and considered the appropriateness of sales excluded from the analysis. 

We tested management s process by evaluating key assumptions for performance obligations that do not include directly observable sales or for performance obligations that do not include sufficient directly observable sales. Specifically, we: 

o considered how management determined the disaggregation of distinct customer groups; 

o determined the appropriateness of discount rates applied to list prices based on the Company s pricing strategy for customer groups, including comparing the discount rates to internal pricing policies; 

o recalculated and validated the inputs used in the calculation; 

o made inquiries of staff members outside of the accounting department to determine if there are factors that could have indicated a change in the Company s go-to market strategy; 

o compared the SSP indicated by management s analysis to performance obligations within bundled arrangements for a sample of items; and 

o compared SSP at the performance obligation level to the prior year and evaluated the reasons for significant relative fluctuations. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2006. 

September 7, 2023 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively (a) 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets (b) 

Deferred cost of revenue 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Investment in joint venture 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other accrued liabilities 

Customer advances 

Deferred revenue 

Short-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities 

Long-term other liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Long-term debt 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized: shares; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; authorized: shares as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively; issued and outstanding: and shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

(a) and at June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022 , respectively. See Note 11. 

(b) and at June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022 , respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 
 80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statements of Oper ations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net revenue: 

Products (a) 

Services (b) 

Total net revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Cost of products 

Cost of services 

Total cost of revenue (c) 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development (d) 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Income on equity method investment 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share - basic 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share - diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares used in computing net loss per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Change in defined benefit pension obligation 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

(a) during the year ended June 30, 2023, during the year ended June 30, 2022, and during the year ended June 30, 2021 , respectively. See Note 11. 

(b) during the year ended June 30, 2023, during the year ended June 30, 2022, and during the year ended June 30, 2021 , respectively. See Note 11. 

(c) during the year ended June 30, 2023, during the year ended June 30, 2022, and during the year ended June 30, 2021, respectively. See Note 11. 

(d) during the year ended June 30, 2023, during the year ended June 30, 2022, and during the year ended June 30, 2021, respectively. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statement o f Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands) 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Equity 

Balance at June 30, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock to employees 

Repurchase of common stock 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Tax withholding upon vesting of restricted stock units 
 
 () 

- 

Extinguishment of allocated cost related to convertible note exchange 

() 

() 

Bifurcation of conversion option upon issuance of convertible notes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Change in defined benefit pension obligation 

Balance at June 30, 2021 

() 

Cumulative adjustment due to adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock to employees 

Tax withholding upon vesting of restricted stock units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Change in defined benefit pension obligation 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

() 

Issuance of common stock to employees 

Tax withholding upon vesting of restricted stock units 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Cumulative translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Change in defined benefit pension obligation 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Accretion of interest on debt 

Provision for credit losses 

Non-cash revenue transactions related to the joint venture 

() 

Provision for write-down of inventories 

(Gain) loss on disposal of property and equipment 
 
 () 

Income on equity method investment 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Deferral of equity method investment intra-entity profit on sales 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Inventories 
 
 () 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Deferred cost of revenue 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Operating lease liabilities, net of operating lease right-of-use assets 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Accrued liabilities 

Customer advances 
 
 () 

Deferred revenues 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment, net 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Purchase of intangible assets 
 
 () 

Additional investments in the joint venture 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock to employees 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Convertible senior notes exchange and issued, net of issuance costs 

() 

Paydown and repayment of prior term loan and prior revolving credit facility 

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of the Term Loan Facility 

Debt issuance costs 
 
 () 

() 

Repayment of convertible notes 
 
 () 

Paydown under Term Loan Facility 
 
 () 

() 

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility 

Repayments under the Revolving Credit Facility 

() 

() 

Stock repurchase 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure: 

Prior convertible note exchanged 

() 

New convertible note exchanged 

Unpaid purchase of property and equipment at end of year 

Receivable for the sale of property and equipment 

Transfers from inventory to property and equipment 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Accuray Inc orporated 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

compliance with such covenants at June 30, 2023. Following June 30, 2023, our financial maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement will become more stringent and, as a result could be more difficult to comply with. These restrictions could adversely affect the Company s ability to finance its future operations or capital needs, withstand a future downturn in its business or the economy in general, engage in business activities, including future opportunities that may be in its interest, and plan for or react to market conditions or otherwise execute its business strategies. The Company s ability to comply with the covenants and other terms governing the Credit Facilities will depend in part on its future operating performance. In addition, because substantially all of the Company s assets are pledged as a security under the Credit Facilities, if the Company is not able to cure any default or repay outstanding borrowings, such assets are subject to the risk of foreclosure by the Company s lenders. Failure to meet the covenant requirements in the future could cause the Company to be in default and the maturity of the related debt could be accelerated and become immediately payable. This may require the Company to obtain waivers or amendments to the credit agreement in order to maintain compliance and there can be no certainty that any such waiver or amendment will be available, or what the cost of such waiver or amendment, if obtained, would be. If the Company is unable to obtain necessary waivers or amendment and the debt under such credit facility is accelerated, the Company would be required to obtain replacement financing at prevailing market rates, which may not be favorable to the Company. There is no guarantee that the Company would be able to satisfy its obligations if any of its indebtedness is accelerated . 

customer that represented or more of total net revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 , respectively. The Company had customer a s of June 30, 2023 and customers as of June 30, 2022 , respectively, that each accounted for more than of accounts receivable, net. Single source suppliers presently provide the Company with several components. In most cases, if a supplier was unable to deliver these components, the Company believes that it would be able to find other sources for these components subject to any regulatory qualifications, if required. 
 
 upgrades discounts are not considered separate performance obligations in system sales agreements. During fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, no fair value has been assigned to any of the systems that were traded-in. The SSP of performance obligations is determined based on observable prices at which the Company separately sells the products and services. If the SSP is not directly observable, then the Company estimates the SSP considering market conditions, entity-specific factors, and information about the customer or class of customer that is reasonably available. The contract consideration allocation is based on the SSP at contract inception. The consideration (net of any discounts) is allocated among separate products and services in a bundle based on their relative SSPs. Contract modifications typically add additional goods or services or change pricing. For such modifications, the most recent SSP is used for reallocation to the remaining performance obligations. The Company recognizes revenue for certain performance obligations at the point in time when control is transferred, such as the delivery of products and upgrades. Service revenue is recognized over the term of the service period as the customer benefits from the services throughout the service period. Revenue related to services that are not part of a service contract and performed on a time-and-materials basis are recognized when performed. Service contracts comprise a single stand-ready performance obligation satisfied over time as our customers simultaneously receive and consume benefits from the Company's performance. This performance obligation constitutes a series of services that are substantially the same and provided over time using the same measure of progress. Revenues derived from these arrangements are recognized over time using an output method based upon the passage of time as this provides a faithful depiction of the pattern of transfer of control. The Company recognizes an asset for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer when the Company expects to generate future economic benefits from the related revenue-generating contracts. The Company capitalizes incremental contract acquisition costs, and amortizes such costs over a five year period, the period which the Company expects to benefit, based on historical service renewal rates, and expectations of future customer renewals. Most of the Company s contract costs are associated with its internal sales force compensation program and a portion of its employee bonus program. The Company capitalizes and amortizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract, primarily related to certain bonuses and sales commissions. The capitalized bonuses and sales commissions are amortized over a period of five years commencing upon the initial transfer of control of the system to the customer. The pattern of amortization is commensurate with the pattern of transfer of control of the performance obligations to the customer. The amortization of these contract assets is included in cost of sales, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses based on department headcount allocations in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company elected to use the practical expedient and expense as incurred commissions related to service renewals and upgrades because the amortization period is one year or less. The Company invoices its customers based on the billing schedules in its sales arrangements. Payment terms vary from 30 to 90 days, or longer, from the date of invoice. Contract assets for the periods presented primarily represent the difference between the revenue that was recognized based on the relative standalone selling price of the related performance obligations satisfied, and the contractual billing terms. Deferred revenue for periods presented primarily relates to service contracts where the service fees are billed up-front, generally quarterly or annually, prior to services being performed. The associated deferred revenue is generally recognized over the term of the service period. The Company did not have any significant impairment losses on its contract assets for any period presented. 
 
 . Furniture and fixtures are depreciated over . Computer and office equipment and computer software are depreciated over . Repairs and maintenance costs, which are not considered improvements and do not extend the useful life of the property and equipment, are expensed as incurred. 
 million in capitalized costs for software to be sold and it is included in other assets on the consolidated balances sheets. 
 
 operating segment and reporting unit, and the consolidated net assets, including existing goodwill and other intangible assets, are considered to be the carrying value of the reporting unit. The Company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit based on the Company s closing stock price on the trading day closest to the annual review date multiplied by the outstanding shares on that date. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is in excess of its fair value, an impairment may exist, and the Company must perform the second step of the analysis, in which the estimated fair value of the goodwill is compared to its carrying value to determine the impairment charge, if any. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit, goodwill is not impaired and no further analysis is required. There was impairment of goodwill identified in the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 hospitals, cancer treatment centers, academic institutions and research institutions worldwide. These agreements support the Company s internal research and development capabilities. 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted loss per share 

Basic and dilutive net loss per share 

() 

() 

() 

Anti-dilutive share-based awards, excluded 

Outstanding Convertible Notes Diluted Share Impact Due to the optional cash settlement feature and management s intent to settle the principal amount thereof, in cash, the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 and the Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 (collectively, the Notes are included in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share only if their inclusion is dilutive for periods during which the Notes were outstanding. The shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes as of June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were million, million and million, respectively, and were not included in the basic and diluted net loss per common share as the effect of adding the shares were anti-dilutive. See Note 9, Debt, of the consolidated financial statements for more information about the Notes. 

The calculation of unrecognized tax benefits involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex global tax regulations. Management regularly assesses the Company s tax positions in light of legislative, bilateral tax treaty, regulatory and judicial developments in the countries in which the Company does business. The Company anticipates there will be no material changes in uncertain tax positions in the next months. 

() 

() 

Interest receivable current (2) 

() 

() 

Long-term accounts receivable (3) 

() 

() 

Interest receivable non-current (3) 

() 

() 

Liabilities: 

Customer advances 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue current 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue non-current 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, contract assets changed primarily due to the timing of billings that occurred after revenues were recognized, and changes in transactions with payment terms exceeding 12 months. During the year ended June 30, 2023, contract liabilities changed due to the timing of revenue recognition as a result of changes in shipping timing, transaction price, reduced customer deposits for system sales, and for which the warranty was deferred. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company recognized revenues of million and million, respectively, which were included in the deferred revenue balances at June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2021, respectively. Remaining Performance Obligations Remaining performance obligations represent deferred revenue from open contracts, for which performance has already started and the transaction price from executed contracts, for which performance has not yet started. Service contracts in general are considered month-to-month contracts. As of June 30, 2023, total remaining performance obligations amounted to million. Of this total amount, million related to long-term warranty and non-cancellable post-warranty services, which is the estimated revenue expected to be recognized over the remaining service period and warranty period for systems that have been delivered (the time bands reflect management s best estimate of when the Company will transfer control to the customer and may change based on timing of shipment, readiness of customers facilities for installation, installation requirements, and availability of products). The Company has elected the practical expedient to not disclose the unsatisfied performance obligations of contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less. 

For the remaining million of performance obligations (open systems sales, upgrades, training and other miscellaneous items), the Company estimates to will be recognized in the next months, and the remaining portion will be recognized thereafter. The Company s historical experience indicates that some of its customers will cancel or renegotiate contracts as economic conditions change or when product offerings change during the long sales cycle. The Company anticipates a portion of its open contracts may never result in revenue recognition, primarily due to the long sales cycle and factors outside of its control, including changes in customers' needs or financial condition, changes in government or health insurance reimbursement policies, or changes to regulatory requirements. Based on historical experience and management's best estimate, approximately of the Company s million open system sales contracts may never result in revenue. Capitalized Contract Costs As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the balance of capitalized costs to obtain a contract was million and million, respectively. The Company has classified the capitalized costs to obtain a contract as a component of prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets with respect to the current and non-current portions of capitalized costs, respectively, on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized expenses related to the amortization of capitalized contract costs of million, million and million, during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company incurred impairment losses related to capitalized contract costs of million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

 t have any additions to the allowance for credit losses during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Total, net 

Reported as: 

Current 

Non-current 

Total, net 

Inventories 

Work-in-process 

Finished goods 

Total inventories 

The Company's inventories on the consolidated balance sheets are net of reserves. Prepaid and Other Current Assets 

Prepaid commissions 

Capitalized contract costs 

Other prepaid assets 

Other current assets 

Total prepaid and other current assets 

Property and Equipment, net 

Computer and office equipment 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

At June 30, 2023 , construction in progress includes million in capitalized costs for the development of internal use software. Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million, million and million, during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other Assets 

Long-term accounts receivable 

Capitalized software costs to be sold 

Other long-term assets 

Total other assets 

Other Accrued Liabilities 

Commissions due to third parties 

Refunds due to customers 

Accrued consulting 

Accrued royalties 

Other liabilities 

Total other accrued liabilities 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

() 

Consolidated Statements of Operations) 

() 

() 

Foreign currency exchange loss 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

() 

Other, net 

() 

Total other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Restructuring In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, the Company announced a cost savings initiative designed to reduce operating costs. This cost savings initiative resulted in the reduction of the Company s global workforce by . The Company recorded million in restructuring charges during the fiscal year 2023. These charges are cash-based charges, primarily related to severance expenses and other one-time termination benefits. At June 30, 2023 , the Company does not have any remaining accruals related to the restructuring charges. 

million, million and million, respectively, not including short-term operating lease costs during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, of million, million and million, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, w ere million, million and million, respectively. 

Lease assets added 

Amortization for the year 

() 

() 

Ending balance operating lease right-of-use assets 

Beginning balance operating lease obligations 

Lease liabilities added 

Repayment and interest accretion 

() 

() 

Ending balance operating lease obligations 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Noncurrent portion of operating lease obligations 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

97 
 
 Table of Contents 

Currency translation adjustment 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the period 

In the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 , the Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test and determined that there was impairment to its goodwill. The Company monitors its recorded goodwill for indicators of impairment every fiscal quarter. Purchased Intangible Assets 

() 

() 

Other intangibles 

() 

Total intangible assets 

() 

() 

The Company did not identify any triggering events that would indicate potential impairment of its definite lived intangible and long lived assets as of June 30, 2023, and 2022. Amortization expense related to purchased intangible assets during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, was million, million and million, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

Total estimated future amortization expense 

and the notional amounts are intended to be consistent with changes in the underlying exposures. The Company intends to exchange foreign currencies for U.S. Dollars at maturity. The Company enters into forward currency exchange contracts to hedge its overseas operating expenses and other liabilities when deemed appropriate. The notional amount of the Company's outstanding forward currency exchange contracts consisted of the following: 

Chinese Yuan 

Euro 

British Pound 

Indian Rupee 

Japanese Yen 

The Company entered into the foreign exchange forward contracts on June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, and therefore, there was no amount recorded on the balance sheets. Gains and losses on the Company's foreign currency forward contracts are recorded in Other expense, net, on the Company's consolidated statements of operations. The following table provides information about the gain or loss associated with the Company s derivative financial instruments not designated as hedging instruments (in thousands): 

() 

million. The fair value of the forward contract based upon the June 30, 2023 exchange rate was million, which it considers to be a Level 2 fair value measurement. At June 30, 2022, the Company had open currency forward contracts to purchase or sell foreign currencies with a stated, or notional, value of million. The fair value of the forward contract based upon the June 30, 2022 exchange rate was million, which it considers to be a Level 2 fair value measurement. The Company s debt is measured on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs based upon observable inputs of the Company s convertible debt. The Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and the Term Loan Facility (as defined below) reflects the bank quoted market, which the Company considers to be a Level 2 fair value measurement. The Company believes that the carrying value of these financial instruments approximate its estimated fair value based on the effective interest rate, compared to the current market rate, available to the Company and analyzed at quarter-end. Convertible Notes due 2022, the Convertible Notes due 2026, the Term Loan Facility, and the Revolving Credit Facility, (in thousands): 

June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2022 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Carrying Value 

Fair Value 

Convertible Notes Due 2022 

Convertible Notes Due 2026 

Term Loan Facility 

Revolving Credit Facility 

Total 

Convertible Senior Notes due 2026, principal and interest payments on the Term Loan Facility and interest payments on the Revolving Credit Facility. See Note 9, Debt , of the consolidated financial statements for more information. Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 and Credit Facilities (as defined below), including short-term portion, as of June 30, 2023, are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ending June 30, 
 
 Long-Term Debt (1) 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total 

(1) 

Purchase Commitments The Company s purchase commitments and obligations include all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which the Company has not received the goods or services and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. A majority of these purchase obligations are due within a year. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allows the Company the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust its requirements based on the Company s business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services, and hence, these purchase orders have not been included in the table above. Indemnities and Commitments The Company enters into standard indemnification agreements with its landlords and all superior mortgagees and their respective directors, officers agents, and employees in the ordinary course of business. Pursuant to these agreements, the Company will indemnify, hold harmless, and agree to reimburse the indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party, generally the landlords, in connection with any loss, accident, injury, or damage by any third party with respect to the leased facilities. The term of these indemnification agreements is from the commencement of the lease agreements until termination of the lease agreements. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is unlimited; however, historically, the Company has not incurred claims or costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification agreements. The Company has not recorded any liability associated with its indemnification agreements as it is not aware of any pending or threatened actions that represent probable losses as of June 30, 2023. Guarantees As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company had various bank guarantees totaling approximately million and million, respectively, primarily related to a bidding process with customers. Royalty Agreements The Company enters into software license agreements with third parties that may require royalty payments for each license used. In connection with such agreements, the Company recorded royalty costs of million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which were recorded in cost of revenue or deferred cost of revenue. The Company had approximately million and million accrued liabilities as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, related to this agreement. Software License Indemnity Under the terms of the Company s software license agreements with its customers, the Company agrees that in the event the software sold infringes upon any patent, copyright, trademark, or any other proprietary right of a third party, it will indemnify its customer licensees against any loss, expense, or liability from any damages that may be awarded against its customer. The Company includes this infringement indemnification in all of its software license agreements and selected managed services arrangements. In the event the customer cannot use the software or service due to infringement and the Company cannot obtain the right to use, replace or modify the license or service in a commercially feasible manner so that it no longer infringes, then the Company may terminate the license and provide the customer a refund of the fees paid by the customer for the infringing license or service. The Company has not recorded any liability associated with this indemnification, as it is not aware of any pending or threatened actions that represent probable losses as of June 30, 2023. Litigation From time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of its business. The Company records a provision for a loss when it believes that it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Currently, management believes the Company does not have any probable and reasonably estimable losses related to any current legal proceedings and claims. Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements may occur, management does not believe that an adverse determination with respect to any of these claims would individually, or in the aggregate, materially and adversely affect the Company s financial condition or operating results. Litigation is inherently unpredictable and is subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond the Company s control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, the Company could incur significant charges related to legal matters that could have a material impact on its results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 

 101 
 
 Table of Contents 

() 

() 

3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 

() 

Term Loan Facility 

() 

() 

Revolving Credit Facility 

Total debt 

() 

() 

Reported as: 

Short-term debt 

Long-term debt 

Total debt 

3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due July 2026 In May 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (the Convertible Notes due 2026 under an indenture between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee. The aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes due 2026 totaling million was issued to certain holders of the Company s outstanding Convertible Notes due 2022 in exchange for approximately million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes due 2022, and million of Convertible Notes due 2026 were issued to certain other qualified new investors for cash (such transactions the Exchange and Subscription Transactions ). Holders of the Convertible Notes due 2026 may convert their notes at any time on or after March 6, 2026 until the close of the business day immediately preceding the maturity date. Prior to June 6, 2026, holders of the Convertible Notes due 2026 may convert their notes only under certain circumstances. Upon conversion, the Company will have the right to pay cash, or deliver shares of common stock of the Company or a combination thereof, at the Company s election. The initial conversion rate is shares of the Company s common stock per principal amount (which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the Company s common stock). The conversion rate, and therefore, the conversion price, is subject to adjustment, as further described below. Holders of the Convertible Notes due 2026 who convert their notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the indenture, may be entitled to a make-whole premium in the form of an increase in the conversion rate. Additionally, in the event of a fundamental change, as defined in the indenture, holders of the Convertible Notes due 2026 may require the Company to purchase all or a portion of their note at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Notes due 2026, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the fundamental change repurchase date. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , the if-converted value of the Convertible Notes due 2026 did not exceed the outstanding principal amount. 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due July 2022 As of June 30, 2022, the million aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes due July 2022 (the Convertible Notes due 2022 remained outstanding. In July 2022, the remaining outstanding million (principal and interest) of the Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 was repaid in cash. Credit Facilities On May 6, 2021, the Company entered into a senior secured credit agreement (the Credit Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, individually as a lender and agent Agent ), and the other lenders from time to time parties thereto (together with Silicon Valley Bank as a lender, the Lenders ), which provides for a new million term loan (the Term Loan Facility and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities ). In fiscal year 2023, interest on the borrowings under the Credit Facilities is payable in arrears on the applicable interest payment date, at an annual interest rate of reserve-adjusted, subject to a floor) plus a margin between and margin, determined by the Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). During the year ended June 30, 2023 , the weighted average effective interest rate on the Term Loan Facility was and Revolving Credit Facility was . The Credit Agreement requires the Company to pay the Lenders an unused commitment fee equal to the average unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facilit y. The Company pays a rate of to per annum of the average unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility, determined by the Consolidated Senior Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). If all or a portion of the loans under the Term Loan Facility are prepaid, then the Company will be required to pay a fee equal to of the aggregate amount of the loans so prepaid, subject to certain exceptions. The Credit Agreement contains restrictions and covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. Among other requirements, the Company may not permit the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) to be less than a certain specified ratio for each fiscal quarter during the term of the Credit Agreement or the consolidated senior net leverage ratio to be greater than a certain specified ratio for each fiscal quarter during the term of the Credit Agreement. In October 2022, the Company entered into an amendment with respect of the Credit Agreement to change the requirements of the financial maintenance covenants under the Credit Agreement for the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022 through the end of the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, the Company was in compliance with its covenants under the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement also contains customary covenants that limit, among other things, the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to (i) incur indebtedness, (ii) incur liens on their property, (iii) pay dividends or make other distributions, (iv) sell their assets, (v) make certain loans or investments, (vi) merge or consolidate, (vii) voluntarily repay or prepay certain indebtedness and (viii) enter into transactions with affiliates, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and events of default. 

Interest expense related to amortization of debt discount 

Interest expense related to amortization of debt issuance costs 

Interest expense related to extinguishment of debt 

Total 

outstanding stock incentive plans: the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016 Plan and the 2007 Incentive Award Plan 2007 Plan ). The 2016 Plan permits the granting of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, performance shares, performance units, and RSUs. The vesting of RSUs granted under the 2016 Plan are primarily service based (over the requisite service period) while the vesting of performance units granted under the 2016 Plan primarily consist of PSUs or MSUs. Only employees of the Company are eligible to receive incentive stock options. Non employees may be granted non qualified stock options. Stock options granted under the 2016 Plan have an exercise price of at least of the fair market value of the underlying stock on the grant date. The stock options have -year contractual terms and generally become exercisable for of the option shares from the date of grant and then ratably over the following months. Service based RSUs granted generally vest of the share units covered by the grant on each of the first through fourth anniversaries of the date of the grant, subject to the continued service of the grantee through each such date. RSUs granted to the Board of Directors vest over one year. PSUs granted generally vest at the end of a three year performance period and the amount of shares that vest are based on the Company's actual performance relative to predefined performance conditions. The Board of Directors has the discretion to use different vesting schedules. As of June 30, 2023, the 2007 Plan continued to remain in effect; however, the Company can no longer grant equity awards under such plans. 

Research and development 

Selling and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total 

Restricted stock units 

Performance stock units 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Market stock units 

Total 

Stock Options 

- 

- 

Dividend yield 

Expected term 

- 

- 

Expected volatility 

- 

- 

Determining Fair Value of Stock Options The fair value of each grant of stock options was determined by the Company using the methods and assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment to determine. The Company estimates the fair value of its stock options using the Black Scholes option pricing model. This fair value is then amortized over the requisite service periods of the awards. The Company estimates the expected term of stock option by taking the average of the vesting term and the contractual term of the option, as illustrated by the simplified method. The expected volatility is derived from the Company s historical stock volatility over a period approximately equal to the expected term of the options. The risk free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity rate on the date of grant. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company s history and expectation of no dividend payouts. 

Options granted 

Options exercised 

Options forfeited/expired 

() 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Vested or expected to vest at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

1. and on June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 , respectively, The amount represents what would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options and sold the shares received upon exercise as of that date. 

There were options granted during the year ended June 30, 2023. The grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. There were no options exercised during the year ended June 30, 2023. T he total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, and the total cash received from option exercises during the y ears ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. Tax benefits from tax deductions for exercised options and disqualifying dispositions in excess of the deferred tax asset, attributable to share compensation costs for such options, are credited to additional paid in capital. The benefits are recognized against income taxes. Realized excess tax benefits related to stock options exercises was zero for each of the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of June 30, 2023, there wa s million of unre cognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Total outstanding 

Restricted Stock, Performance Stock and Market Stock Units 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

() 

Cancelled/forfeited 

() 

() 

() 

Unvested at June 30, 2023 

As of June 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the RSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Restricted Stock Units The grant date fair value of the RSUs granted was million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate fair market value of the RSUs that vested during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , was million, million and million, respectively. Performance Stock Units The grant date fair value of PSUs granted wa s million, million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. There were PSUs that vested during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of June 30, 2023, there was million of unrecognized compensation cost related to the PSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. Market Stock Units The Compensation Committee approved MSU grants during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021. As of June 30, 2023 , there was unrecognized compensation cost related to MSUs. Employee Stock Purchase Plan Under the Company s Amended and Restated 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP, qualified employees are permitted to purchase the Company s common stock at of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date of each six month offering period, or the fair market value on the specified purchase date. Employees payroll deductions may not exceed of their salaries. Employees may purchase up to shares per each six month offering period, provided that the value of the shares purchased in any calendar year may not exceed , as calculated pursuant to the purchase plan. - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Dividend yield 

Expected term 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 

The risk free rate for the expected term of the ESPP option was based on the U.S. Treasury constant maturity rate for each offering period; expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock; and the expected term was based upon the offering period of the ESPP. The Company issued million, million and million shares under the ESPP during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively , at a weighted average purchase price per share of , and , respectively. As of June 30, 2023, total unrecognized compensation cost related to th e ESPP plan was million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted average period of years. Common Stock Available For Issuance In November 2022, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the Company's 2016 Equity Incentive Plan increased by million shares, and increased the number of authorized shares of the Company's common stock that may be issued under its Amended and Restated 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan by million shares. At June 30, 2023 , the Company had million shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the stock incentive plans and million shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the employee stock purchase plan. 

 interest in the JV, which is reported as an investment in joint venture on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company applies the equity method of accounting to its ownership interest in the JV as the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence over the JV but lacks controlling financial interest and is not the primary beneficiary. The Company recognizes the proportionate share of the JV income or loss on a one-quarter lag due to the timing of the availability of the JV s financial records. The Company recognizes revenue on sales to the JV in the current period of control transfer, eliminating a portion of profit to the extent goods sold have not been sold through by the JV to an end customer by the end of each reporting period. 

Deferred intra-entity profit margin 

Equity method goodwill 

() 

() 

Proportional share of equity investment in joint venture 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company s carrying value of the investment in the JV for the Company's proportional share of the JV's currency translation adjustment was not material. At June 30, 2022 , the Company s carrying value of the investment in the JV was increased for the Company's proportional share of the investee's currency translation adjustment by million. i mpairment was identified as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

Gross profit 

Net income 

Net income attributable to the Company 

Non current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current liabilities 

Non current liabilities 

Stockholder's equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

() 

() 

Intra-entity profit margin from sales - deferred 

Total change in deferred intra-entity profit margin from sales 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Total loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

Total provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

Share-based compensation expense 

Debt extinguishment 

Research and development credits 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign taxes 

() 

() 

Deferred tax on foreign earnings 

Global intangible low-taxed income 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other non-deductible permanent items 

Other 

() 

() 

Total provision for income taxes 

Accrued expenses and reserves 

Lease liability 

Deferred revenue 

R D credits 

Share-based compensation expense 

Capitalized research and development 

Unicap 

Fixed assets/intangibles 

Section 163(j) interest 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Contract acquisition costs 

() 

() 

Right of use assets 

() 

() 

Deferred tax on foreign earnings 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

As of June 30, 2023, the Company h ad million and million in federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, respectively. The federal and state carryforwards expire in varying amounts beginning in 2025 for federal and 2024 for state purposes. In addition, as of June 30, 2023 , the Company had federal and state research and development tax credits of million and million, respectively. If not utilized, the federal research credits will begin to expire in 2024, the California research credits have no expiration date and the other state research credits will begin to expire in 2024. Under the Internal Revenue Code IRC Sections 382 and 383, annual use of our net operating loss and research tax credit carryforwards to offset taxable income may be limited based on cumulative changes in ownership. Although ownership changes have occurred in the prior years, the carryovers should be available for utilization by the Company before they expire, provided the Company generates sufficient future taxable income. An analysis of the impact of this provision through March 31, 2022 has been performed and it was determined that no ownership change has occurred after December 2009. Based on the available objective evidence and history of losses, the Company has established a valuation allowance against its combined domestic net deferred tax assets because of uncertainty surrounding the realization of such deferred tax assets. Certain income earned by controlled foreign corporations CFCs must be included currently in the gross income of the CFC s United States shareholder. The income required to be included in gross income is referred to as global intangible low tax income GILTI and is defined under IRC Section 951A as the excess of the shareholder s net CFC tested income over the net deemed tangible income return. The GILTI inclusion amount has been absorbed by net operating losses. The Company has made a policy decision to record GILTI tax as a current-period expense when incurred. One of the provisions under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that became effective in tax years beginning after December 31, 2021 required the capitalization and amortization of research and experimental expenditures. The change in this United States tax law did not have an impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements. The Company will continue to evaluate the impact of this tax law change on future periods. At June 30, 2023, t he Company has million of deferred tax liability related to withholding tax expected to be paid on the remittance of unrepatriated distributable reserves in France, Japan and Switzerland. At June 30, 2023, the Company has undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries of million that it has indefinitely invested, and on which it has not recognized deferred taxes. 

Tax positions related to current year: 

Additions 

Tax positions related to prior years: 

Additions 

Reductions 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

The calculation of unrecognized tax benefits involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex global tax regulations. Management regularly assesses the Company s tax positions with respect to legislative, bilateral tax treaty, regulatory and judicial developments in the countries in which the Company does business. The reduction in prior year's tax positions primarily relates to lapses of applicable statutes of limitations. The Company anticipates there will be no material changes in uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months. As of June 30, 2023 , the amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million, of which million would not affect income tax expense before consideration of any valuation allowance. The Company s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s cumulative accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, was not material. The Company files income tax returns in the United States federal, various states, and foreign jurisdictions. Due to tax attributes being carried forward and utilized during open years, the statute of limitations remains open for the U.S. federal jurisdiction and domestic states for tax years from 2002 and forward. The statutes of limitation with respect to the foreign jurisdictions where the Company files income tax returns vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and range from to years and the material foreign jurisdictions are France, Switzerland and Japan. The Company is also subject to examination of its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service IRS and other foreign tax authorities, and in some cases the Company has received additional tax assessments which have not been significant. The tax audit in Japan was completed in fiscal year 2023 with a tax assessment of million for the 2019 to 2021 fiscal periods. The Company is under the early stages of audit by the Indian tax authorities for the fiscal year 2021. 

 million, million and million to the 401(k) Plan during the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Defined Benefit Pension Obligation The Company has established a defined benefit pension plan for its employees in its Switzerland subsidiary. The plan provides benefits to employees upon retirement, death or disability. The Company uses June 30 as the year end measurement date for this plan. Obligations and Funded Status 

Service cost 

Interest cost 

Plan participants contributions 

Plan amendment 

() 

Actuarial (gain) loss 

() 

Foreign currency changes 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Benefit and expense payments 

() 

() 

Benefit obligation end of fiscal year 

Change in plan assets: 

Plan assets beginning of fiscal year 

Employer contributions 

Actual return on plan assets 

Plan participants contributions 

Foreign currency changes 

() 

Settlements 

() 

Benefit and expense payments 

() 

() 

Plan assets end of fiscal year 

Funded status 

() 

() 

Amounts recognized within the consolidated balance sheets: 

Assets 

Long-term other liabilities 

() 

() 

Net amount recognized 

() 

() 

Prior service credit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated benefit obligation 

Fair value of plan assets 

Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost and Other Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss 

Interest cost 

Expected returns on assets 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 

() 

Amortization of net gain 

() 

Gain on settlement 

() 

Net periodic benefit costs 

Other Amounts Recognized in Other Comprehensive Loss: 

Net (gain) loss arising during the year 

() 

() 

Prior service cost (credit) 

() 

() 

Amortization of prior service cost (credit) 

() 

Amortization of net gain 

Effect of settlement 

Total recognized in other comprehensive (gain) loss 

() 

() 

Total recognized in net periodic benefit costs and other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Prior service cost 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Assumptions 

Rate of compensation increase 

Expected long-term return on assets 

The assumptions used to measure the benefit obligation for the Company s defined benefit pension plan were as follows: 

June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Benefit Obligation: 

Discount rate 

Rate of compensation increase 

Contributions and Future Benefit Payments The Company made contributions of approxim ately million, million and million to the defined benefit pension plan during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company expects total contributions to the defined benefit pension plan for fiscal year 2024 will be approximately million. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total estimated future benefit payments 

Plan Assets The plan assets are invested in insurance contracts with Copr Collective Foundation based in Lausanne, Switzerland at the end of fiscal years 2023 and 2022. In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the risks of death and disability are reinsured with Zurich Life Insurance. The Copr Foundation for Occupational Benefits defines and is responsible for the asset strategy and invests the plan assets for the Company. In fiscal 2023 and 2022 , the guaranteed interest rate for mandatory retirement savings was and , respectively . The technical administration and management of the savings account are guaranteed by the Copr Foundation for Occupational Benefits. Insurance benefits due are paid directly to the entitled persons by the Copr Foundation for Occupational Benefits. Accuray International S rl has committed itself to pay the annual contributions and costs due under the pension fund regulations. The contract of affiliation between the Company and the Copr Collective Foundation can be terminated by either side. In the event of a termination, recipients of retirement and survivors benefits would remain with the collective foundation. The Company commits itself to transfer its active insured members and recipients of disability benefits to the new employee benefits institution, thus releasing the Copr Collective Foundation from all obligations. 

 operating and reporting segment (oncology systems group), which develops, manufactures and markets proprietary medical devices used in radiation therapy for the treatment of cancer patients. The Company s Chief Executive Officer, its Chief Operating Decision Maker, reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of making operating decisions and assessing financial performance. The Company does not assess the performance of its individual product lines on measures of profit or loss, or asset based metrics. Therefore, the information below is presented only for revenues and long lived tangible assets by geographic areas. Disaggregation of Revenues The Company disaggregates its revenues from contracts by geographic region, as the Company believes this best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected by economic factors. The Company reports its customer revenues in four geographic regions: the Americas, EIMEA, Asia Pacific and Japan. The Americas region primarily includes the United States, Canada, and Latin America. The EIMEA region includes Europe, India, the Middle East and Africa. The Asia Pacific region consists of Asia, Australia and New Zealand. Additionally, the Company typically recognizes revenue at a point in time for product revenue and recognizes revenue over time for service revenue. 

EIMEA 

China 

Japan 

Asia Pacific, excluding China 

Total revenues 

China 

Japan 

Rest of world 

Total revenues 

Disaggregation of Property and Equipment, Net 

EIMEA 

Asia Pacific, excluding China 

Japan 

China 

Total property and equipment, net 

Property and equipment, net in the Americas region is located in the United States. 

115 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 Item 9A. CONTROL S AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a 15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of June 30, 2023. 
 Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by our Annual Report on Form 10 K, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a 15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon the guidelines established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO 2013. 
 Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated any changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, and has concluded that there was no change during such quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations of Internal Controls 
 Internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override. Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 
 116 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9B. OTHE R INFORMATION 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, no director or officer, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, each as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 None. 
 
 117 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 Accuray Incorporated 
 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Accuray Incorporated (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023, and our report dated September 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 September 7, 2023 
 
 118 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE O FFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information in our 2023 Proxy Statement regarding directors and executive officers appearing under the headings Proposal One Election of Directors, Executive Officers and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports is incorporated herein by reference. 
 In addition, the information in our 2023 Proxy Statement regarding the director nomination process, the Audit Committee financial expert and the identification of the Audit Committee members appearing under the heading Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Matters is incorporated herein by reference. 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 
 Item 11. EXECUTI VE COMPENSATION 
 The information in our 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the headings Executive Compensation, Compensation Committee Report, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation of Non Employee Directors and Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Matters Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information in our 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information in our 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the headings Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Corporate Governance and Board of Directors Matters Director Independence is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCO UNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information in our 2023 Proxy Statement appearing under the headings Proposal Five Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit and Non Audit Services and Proposal Five Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Committee Pre Approval Policies and Procedures is incorporated herein by reference. 
 119 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. EXHIBITS AND FINA NCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) We have filed the following documents as part of this report: 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements (as set forth in Item 8) 

Page No. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 
 78 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 80 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 81 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 82 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 83 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 85 

2. Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted, since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 3. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are incorporated by reference or filed herewith. 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Furnished or Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 3.1 
 
 02/06/2013 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant. 
 
 8 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 3.1 
 
 03/23/2015 

4.1 
 
 Indenture between Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, dated as of August 7, 2017. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 4.1 
 
 08/08/2017 

4.2 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 S 1/A 
 
 333 138622 
 
 4.3 
 
 02/05/2007 

4.3 
 
 Form of 3.75 Convertible Senior Note due 2022 (included in Exhibit 4.3). 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 4.1 
 
 08/08/2017 

4.4 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 4, 2017, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee . 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/04/2017 

4.5 
 
 Indenture, dated as of May 13, 2021, between the Registrant and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee . 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 4.1 
 
 05/18/2021 

4.6 
 
 Form of 3.75 Convertible Senior Note due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.7) 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 4.1 
 
 05/18/2021 

4.7 
 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities 

X 

10.1 
 
 Office Lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership and TomoTherapy Incorporated, dated October 22, 2001. 

X 

10.2 
 
 First Amendment to Lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership and TomoTherapy Incorporated, dated May 1, 2004. 

X 

120 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Furnished or Filed Herewith 

10.3 
 
 Second Amendment to Lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership and Accuray, Inc FKA TomoTherapy, Inc., dated October 19, 2016. 

X 

10.4 
 
 Third Amendment to Lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership and Accuray Incorporated, dated March 27, 2020. 

X 

10.5 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Lease Deming Way Property Group LLC and Accuray Incorporated, dated August 19, 2022. 

X 

10.6 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 1998 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements relating thereto . 
 
 S 1 
 
 333 138622 
 
 10.4 
 
 11/13/2006 

10.7 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 2007 Incentive Award Plan . 
 
 10 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 10.8 
 
 09/19/2011 

10.8 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 8 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 99.2 
 
 09/02/2014 

10.9 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 
 8 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 99.1 
 
 09/02/2014 

10.10 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement. 
 
 8 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 99.3 
 
 11/23/2011 

10.11 
 
 Form of 2016 Market Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement. 
 
 8 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 99.1 
 
 10/02/2015 

10.12 
 
 Accuray Incorporated Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder. 
 
 8 K 
 
 001 33301 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/16/2022 

10.13 
 
 Amended and Restated 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/16/2022 

10.14 
 
 Accuray Incorporated Company Bonus Plan . 
 
 10 Q 
 
 001 33301 
 
 10.6 
 
 11/06/2018 

10.15 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Patrick Spine. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-224547 
 
 99.1 
 
 04/30/2018 

10.16 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Performance Unit Agreement for Patrick Spine. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-224547 
 
 99.2 
 
 04/30/2018 

10.17 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Stock Option Agreement for Patrick Spine. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-224547 
 
 99.3 
 
 04/30/2018 

10.18 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Suzanne Winter. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-234412 
 
 99.1 
 
 10/31/2019 

10.19 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Stock Option Agreement for Suzanne Winter. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-234412 
 
 99.2 
 
 10/31/2019 

10.20 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Jim Dennison . 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-251038 
 
 99.4 
 
 11/30/2021 

10.21 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Stock Option Agreement for Jim Dennison . 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-251038 
 
 99.5 
 
 11/30/2021 

10.22 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Sandeep Chalke. 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-265330 
 
 99.1 
 
 05/31/2022 

121 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Furnished or Filed Herewith 

10.23 
 
 Form of Accuray Incorporated Stand-Alone Inducement Stock Option Agreement for Sandeep Chalke . 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-265330 
 
 99.2 
 
 05/31/2022 

10.24 
 
 TomoTherapy Incorporated 2000 Stock Option Plan, as amended, and forms of option agreements thereunder. 
 
 S 8 
 
 333 174952 
 
 99.1 
 
 06/17/2011 

10.25 
 
 TomoTherapy Incorporated 2002 Stock Option Plan, as amended, and forms of option agreements thereunder. 
 
 S 8 
 
 333 174952 
 
 99.2 
 
 06/17/2011 

10.26 
 
 TomoTherapy Incorporated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of option agreements thereunder. 
 
 S 8 
 
 333 174952 
 
 99.3 
 
 06/17/2011 

10.27 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 
 10 Q 
 
 001 33301 
 
 10.7 
 
 05/10/2011 

10.28 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and Between Registrant and Patrick Spine, dated January 1, 2021 . 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.3 
 
 02/01/2021 

10.29 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and Between Registrant and Jesse Chew, dated January 1, 2023. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.3 
 
 05/08/2023 

10.30 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and Between Registrant and Suzanne Winter, dated January 1, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/08/2023 

10.31 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Registrant and Michael Hoge, dated January 1, 2023. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.4 
 
 05/08/2023 

10.32 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Registrant and Ali Pervaiz, dated January 1, 2023. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/08/2023 

10.33 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement by and between Registrant and Sandeep Chalke, dated May 2, 2022. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.46 
 
 8/17/2023 

10.34 
 
 Credit Agreement among the Registrant, as the Borrower, the several lenders from time to time party thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank, as administrative agent, lead arranger, issuing lender and swingline lender, dated as of May 6, 2021. 
 
 10-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.56 
 
 08/17/2021 

10.35 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement among Registrant, as the Borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party hereto, and Silicon Valley Bank, as administrative agent, issuing lender and swingline lender, dated as of October 28, 2022. 
 
 10-Q 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/2/2023 

10.36 
 
 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2021, between the Registrant and each signatory thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/12/2021 

10.37 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2021, between the Registrant and each signatory thereto . 
 
 8-K 
 
 001-33301 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/12/2021 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries. 

X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 

X 

122 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Furnished or Filed Herewith 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this annual report on Form 10 K). 

X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File as its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Confidential treatment has been granted with respect to portions of this exhibit. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted because they are both not material and would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 that accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10 K is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Accuray Incorporated under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10 K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. Form 10 K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 123 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned; thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Madison, State of Wisconsin, on September 7, 2023. 

ACCURAY INCORPORATED 

By: 
 /s/ Suzanne Winter Suzanne Winter President and Chief Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/ Ali Pervaiz Ali Pervaiz Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

124 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Suzanne Winter and Ali Pervaiz, and each of them, as his true and lawful attorneys in fact and agents, with full power of substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10 K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and all other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys in fact and agents, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys in fact and agents, and any of them or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Suzanne Winter Suzanne Winter 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 September 7, 2023 

/s/ Ali Pervaiz Ali Pervaiz 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 September 7, 2023 

/s/ Gina Corradetti Gina Corradetti 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 September 7, 2023 

/s/ Joseph E. Whitters Joseph E. Whitters 
 
 Chairperson of the Board and Director 
 
 September 7, 2023 

Robert C. Kill 
 
 Director 

/s/ Byron C. Scott Byron C. Scott 
 
 Director 
 
 September 7, 2023 

/s/ Beverly A. Huss Beverly A. Huss 
 
 Director 
 
 September 7, 2023 

/s/ Anne B. Le Grand 
 
 Director 
 
 September 7, 2023 

Anne B. Le Grand 

/s/ James M. Hindman James M. Hindman 
 
 Director 
 
 September 7, 2023 

Mika Nishimura 
 
 Director 

125 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 aray-ex4_7.htm
 EX-4.7

EX-4.7 

EXHIBIT 4.7 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 General 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes us to issue up to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.001 par value per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Dividend Rights 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Cumulative voting for the election of directors is not provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which means that the holders of a majority of the shares voted can elect all of the directors then standing for election. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion or redemption. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 Upon our dissolution or liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock, subject to the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions thereof. These rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of common stock. The issuance of our preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of our company or other corporate action. Currently, there are no shares of preferred stock outstanding, and we have no present plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions 
 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides for our board of directors to be divided into three classes, with staggered three-year terms. Only one class of directors is elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms. Because our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights, our stockholders holding a majority of the shares of common stock outstanding is able to elect all of our directors. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide that all stockholder action must be effected at a duly called meeting of stockholders and not by a consent in writing, and that only our chairperson of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, secretary or a majority of the authorized number of directors may call a special meeting of stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires a 66 2 / 3 stockholder vote for the amendment, repeal or modification of certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws relating to the classification of our board of directors, the requirement that stockholder actions be effected at a duly called meeting, and the designated parties entitled to call a special meeting of the stockholders. The combination of the classification of our board of directors, the lack of cumulative voting and the 66 2 / 3 stockholder voting requirements will make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers, these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management. In addition, the authorization of undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change our control. 
 These provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in our control or management. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of 

directors and its policies and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened acquisition of us. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The provisions also are intended to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares and, as a consequence, they also may inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored takeover attempts. Such provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. 
 Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law 
 We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years after the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, with the following exceptions: 
 before such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested holder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction began, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned (i) by persons who are directors and also officers and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or after such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2 / 3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

In general, Section 203 defines business combination to include the following: 
 any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loss, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits by or through the corporation. 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested stockholder as an entity or person who, together with the person's affiliates and associates, beneficially owns, or within three years prior to the time of determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. 
 
 Limitation of Liability; Indemnification 
 
 As permitted by Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that limit the liability of its directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. Consequently, the our directors will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability for any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, unlawful payment of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases or redemptions; and any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we may indemnify to the fullest extent permitted by law any person made or threatened to be made a party to an action or proceeding, whether criminal, civil, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, his testator or intestate is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the us or any predecessor of ours, or serves or served at any other enterprise as a director, officer, employee or agent at our request or the request any of our predecessors. 
 - 2 - 
 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT Normal.dotm 

If Delaware law is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director, then the liability of our directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, as so amended. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not eliminate a director s duty of care and, in appropriate circumstances, equitable remedies, such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief, remain available under Delaware law. This provision also does not affect a director s responsibilities under any other laws, such as the federal securities laws or other state or federal laws. 
 Our bylaws provide that we shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any director or officer of ours who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of our or is or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or non-profit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses reasonably incurred by such person in connection with any such action, suit or proceeding. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents to us or our stockholders; any action asserting a claim against the us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents arising out of or relating to any provision of the DGCL or our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws; or any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, employees or agents that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine provided , however , that, in the event that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware lacks subject matter jurisdiction over any such action or proceeding, the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, in each such case, unless the Court of Chancery (or such other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware, as applicable) has dismissed a prior action by the same plaintiff asserting the same claims because such court lacked personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party named as a defendant therein. 
 
 Listing 
 Our common stock has been approved for listing on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol ARAY. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 - 3 - 
 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT Normal.dotm 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 aray-ex10_1.htm
 EX-10.1

EX-10.1 

Exhibit 10.1 
 OFFICE LEASE 
 BETWEEN 
 OLD SAUK TRAILS PARK LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 LANDLORD 
 AND 
 TOMOTHERAPY INCORPORATED 
 TENANT 
 1240 Deming Way 
 Madison, Wisconsin 

1240 Deming Way Madison, Wisconsin 53717 

No. 6 
 
 REFERENCE DATA 
 
 January 26, 2005 

These terms are specific to, and incorporated in, this lease. 

no. 
 
 Item 
 
 Lease Provision 

1.01 
 
 Tenant 
 
 TomoTherapy Incorporated, a Wisconsin corporation 

1.02 
 
 Premises Area of the Premises 
 
 all of the building including seven below-grade test bunkers 61,410 rentable square feet RSF excluding the test bunkers 

1.03 
 
 Additional Permitted uses 
 
 manufacture, testing and assembly of medical imaging equipment 

1.04 
 
 Term Effective Date 
 
 Through May 31,2014 this Reference Data page #6 is effective March 14, 2005. 

2.01 
 
 Rent 
 
 14.25/RSF/yr. 

2.02 
 
 Rent Adjustment Tenant s pro rata share Additional Rent 
 
 0.50/RSF/yr. each June 1 st 100.00 6.82/RSF/yr [subject to adjustment per 2.02] 

2.05 
 
 Security deposit 
 
 NONE 

4.01 
 
 Build out Allowance 
 
 PAID 

10.01 
 
 Extension term 
 
 Four terms, five years each 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 TomoTherapy Incorporated 

Old Sauk Trails Park Development Company, gen l partner 
 
 1240 Deming Way 

8020 Excelsior Drive, Ste. 300 
 
 Madison WI 53717-2911 

Madison WI 53717-1998 

/s/ George Gialamas George Gialamas, President 
 
 /s/ Dr. Frederick A. Robertson Dr. Frederick A. Robertson, C.E.O. 

1240 Deming Way Madison, Wisconsin 53717 

No. 1 
 
 REFERENCE DATA 
 
 October 22, 2001 

These terms are specific to, and incorporated in, this lease. 

no. 
 
 Item 
 
 Lease Provision 

1.01 
 
 Tenant 
 
 Tomotherapy Incorporated, a Wisconsin corporation 

1.02 
 
 Premises Area of the Premises 1 
 
 1 st and 2 nd floor, building to be constructed at 1240 Deming Way, including test bunkers appx. 40,000 rentable square feet RSF of office and manufacturing space excluding the test bunkers 

1.03 
 
 Additional Permitted uses 
 
 manufacture, testing and assembly of medical imaging equipment 

1.04 
 
 Term Target Date 
 
 Ten (10) years May 1, 2002, for 1 st floor bunkers; June 1, 2002, for 2 nd floor 

2.01 
 
 Rent at commencement 
 
 13.00/RSF/yr. 

2.02 
 
 Rent Adjustment Tenant s pro rata share 1 Additional Rent 
 
 0.50/RSF/yr. 60.6 5.50/RSF/yr [est.] 

2.05 
 
 Security deposit 
 
 NONE 

4.01 
 
 Build out Allowance 
 
 23.25/RSF 

10.01 
 
 Extension term 
 
 Four terms, five years each 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Tomotherapy Incorporated 

Old Sauk Trails Park Development Company, gen l partner 
 
 2228 Evergreen Road 

8020 Excelsior Drive, Ste. 300 
 
 Middleton, WI 53562-4241 

Madison WI 53717-1998 

/s/ George Gialamas George Gialamas, President 
 
 /s/ John J. Barni John J. Barni, C.E.O. 

1 
 
 Area of the Premises and of the Building and the Tenant s pro rata share to be confirmed upon completion of the final building plans, and prior to commencement, by execution of another Reference Data page. 

1240 Deming Way 
 Madison Wisconsin 
 
 ADDENDUM TO LEASE 
 
 The Lease for approximately 40,000 rentable square feet on the first and second floors of the building to be constructed at 1240 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin, between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership as Landlord and Tomotherapy, Incorporated, a Wisconsin corporation, as Tenant which is dated October 22, 2001, is modified as follows: 
 
 1. Section 1.02 is amended by adding the following text to the end of the first paragraph: 

The Premises shall include a specific test bunker area designated for the testing of Tenant's product and/or its components for research and/or manufacturing purposes (the Test Bunkers ). Tenant will not pay Rent or Additional Rent for the Bunkers, but the electric supply to them and to the equipment being tested in them will be billed directly to Tenant (see paragraph 3.02(d)(iv)). The Test Bunkers shall be included in the Tenant Improvements, but on surrender of the Premises by Tenant to Landlord, Landlord shall assume responsibility for the Test Bunkers and Tenant shall not be required to remove them. 
 
 2. Section 1.04(e) is amended to read as follows: 

1.04(e). Delayed Possession . Tenant may cancel this Lease if Landlord cannot deliver actual possession of the substantially complete Premises by sixty (60) days after the Target Date. To cancel Tenant must give notice to Landlord within ninety (90) days after the Target Date and before Landlord gives notice to Tenant that the Premises are substantially complete. The sixty (60) day and ninety (90) day periods above shall be extended by the time equal to any period of delay caused by the Tenant. Within thirty (30) days after cancellation Landlord shall return to Tenant prepaid consideration, if any, including Rent and deposits. 
 
 3. Section 2.0l(b) is amended to read as follows: 

2.0l(b). Late Payment. If Tenant fails to pay part or all of the Rent or Additional Rent (section 2.02) within ten (10) days after receiving notice from Landlord that it is due, the Tenant shall also pay: 
 (i)	a late charge equal to 1 percent of the unpaid Rent and Additional Rent, plus 
 (ii)	interest at 12 percent per annum or the maximum then allowed by applicable law, whichever is less, on the remaining unpaid balance, retroactive to the date originally due until paid, but the interest accumulation shall stop after thirty (30) days unless Landlord gives Tenant written notice of the Tenant's failure to pay Rent or Additional Rent within 30 days of the date payment was due. 
 
 4. Section 2.02(a)(iv)(A) is amended by deleting the (1) at the end of said Section. 

5. Section 3.02(d)(iv) is created to read: 

(iv)	 Separate Meter . Landlord acknowledges and agrees that Tenant's use of the Premises will result in higher electricity consumption than that used by most offices. On account of Tenant's higher electricity consumption, Landlord shall install separate sub-meters to measure the use of electricity consumption by Tenant in the Premises and Test Bunkers as part of Landlord's Building Standard work. The meter(s) will be billed directly to the Tenant and Subsections 3.02(a)(v) and 3.02( d)(i), (ii) and (iii) shall be deemed deleted from the Lease. The allocation of the associated operating expense shall be adjusted accordingly (ie., Tenant shall only be responsible for its pro rata share of electricity for the common areas and shall not be responsible for the cost of electricity supplied to any other tenant suite in the Building. 
 
 6. Sections 9.0l(a)(ii)(C) and (D) are re-numbered as Sections (D) and (E), respectively, and a new Section 9.01 (a)(ii)(C) is created to read as follows: 

(C)	which are applied equitably to all tenants in the Building; 

7. Section 10.02 is created to read: 

10.02 Expansion to Second Building . Tenant may expand by delivering a written request to Landlord that Landlord construct a second building Building 2 on the Land and lease space therein to Tenant, on the following conditions: 
 
 10.02(a) Tenant must not be in default at the time it exercises the option; 
 
 10.02(b) Landlord and Tenant must agree on the terms of Tenant's lease for at least fifty percent (50.0 of the space in Building 2 within thirty (30) days of Landlord's receipt of Tenant's request. 
 
 10.02(c) The target date for completion of Tenant's space in Building 2 will be not less than nine (9) months from the date Tenant signs the lease for the space. 
 
 8. Section 10.03 is created to read: 

10.03. Right of First Refusal . Landlord shall provide Tenant with advance written notice of its intention to lease all or any space in the Building or Building 2 whereupon Tenant shall have the right to add the space which Landlord proposes to lease (and any other adjacent space which is then vacant) to the Premises described herein by executing a new Reference Data page incorporating the additional space as part of the Premises within thirty (30) days of its receipt of Landlord's notice of intent, time being of the essence. The new Reference Data page shall provide a Build Out allowance of 20/RSF only if the space has not been previously occupied, shall have an effective date of the later of thirty days from execution or upon completion of the Building Standard work, and shall extend the then-current term of the Lease for at least five years from the effective date. 
 
 In witness whereof, Landlord and Tenant have signed this Addendum on October 22, 2001. 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Tomotherapy Incorporated 

Old Sauk Trails Park Development Company, gen l partner 
 
 2228 Evergreen Road 

8020 Excelsior Drive, Ste. 300 
 
 Middleton, WI 53562-4241 

Madison WI 53717-1998 

/s/ George Gialamas George Gialamas, President 
 
 /s/ John J. Barni John J. Barni, C.E.O. 

8. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 1 
 
 BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS 

Section 1.01 

Date and Parties 

1 

Section 1.02 

Premises 

1 

Section 1.03 

Use 

1 

Section 1.04 

Term 

1 

Section 1.05 

Improvements 

3 

ARTICLE 2 
 
 RENT AND SECURITY 

Section 2.01 

Rent and Rent Adjustment 

3 

Section 2.02 

Additional Rent 

4 

Section 2.03 

Personal Property Tax 

9 

Section 2.04 

Security Deposit 

9 

Section 2.05 

Sales Tax 

9 

ARTICLE 3 
 
 AFFIRMATIVE OBLIGATIONS 

Section 3.01 

Compliance with Laws 

9 

Section 3.02 

Services and Utilities 

10 

Section 3.03 

Repairs and Maintenance 

13 

ARTICLE 4 
 
 NEGATIVE OBLIGATIONS 

Section 4.01 

Alterations 

14 

Section 4.02 

Assignment and Subleasing 

16 

ARTICLE 5 
 
 INSURANCE 

Section 5.01 

Insurance 

17 

Section 5.02 

Indemnification 

20 

Section 5.03 

Limitation of Landlord s Liability 

21 

ARTICLE 6 
 
 LOSS OF PREMISES 

Section 6.01 

Damages 

22 

Section 6.02 

Condemnation 

23 

ARTICLE 7 
 
 DEFAULT 

Section 7.01 

Tenant s Default 

25 

Section 7.02 

Landlord s Remedies 

26 

Section 7.03 

Landlord Default 

27 

Section 7.04 

Exception to Cure Periods 

27 

Section 7.05 

Self-Help 

28 

Section 7.06 

Survival 

28 

PAGE 

ARTICLE 8 
 
 NONDISTURBANCE 

Section 8.01 

Subordination 

28 

Section 8.02 

Estoppel Certificate 

29 

Section 8.03 

Quiet Possession 

29 

ARTICLE 9 
 
 LANDLORD S RIGHTS 

Section 9.01 

Rules 

29 

Section 9.02 

Mechanic s Liens 

30 

Section 9.03 

Right to Enter 

30 

Section 9.04 

Holdover 

31 

Section 9.05 

Signs 

32 

ARTICLE 10 
 
 OPTIONS 

Section 10.01 

Option to Extend 

33 

ARTICLE 11 
 
 DISPUTES 

Section 11. 01 

Arbitration 

33 

ARTICLE 12 
 
 MISCELLANEOUS 

Section 12.01 

Broker s Warranty 

35 

Section 12.02 

Attorney s Fees 

35 

Section 12.03 

Notices 

35 

Section 12.04 

Partial Invalidity 

35 

Section 12.05 

Waive 

35 

Section 12.06 

Construction 

35 

Section 12.07 

Binding on Successors 

35 

Section 12.08 

Governing Law 

36 

Section 12.09 

Insurance Increase 

36 

Section 12.10 

Lease not an Offer 

36 

Section 12.11 

Recording 

36 

Section 12.12 

Survival of Remedies 

36 

Section 12.13 

Authority of Parties 

36 

Section 12.14 

Business Days 

36 

Section 12.15 

Entire Agreement 

36 

Section 12.16 

Definition of Lease 

36 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit A 
 
 Floor Plan 

Exhibit B 
 
 Building 

Exhibit C 
 
 Land 

Exhibit D 2 
 
 Space Plan 

Exhibit E 
 
 Specifications 

Exhibit F 
 
 Janitorial Services 

Exhibit G 
 
 Rules 

Exhibit H 
 
 Building Standard 

Exhibit I 
 
 Tenant Build Out Agreement 

2 
 
 Exhibits D E are to be agreed on by Landlord and Tenant and added hereto by 10/31/01 

DEFINITIONS 

Additional Rent 
 
 2.02 

Alterations 
 
 4.01(a) 

Applicable Laws 
 
 3.01 

Asking/Answering Party 
 
 8.02(a) 

Building 
 
 1.01 

Business Days 
 
 12.13 

Business Hours 
 
 3.02(b) 

Canceling/Complying Party 
 
 3.01 

Commencement Date 
 
 l.04 

Default 
 
 7.01(a) 

Defaulting Party 
 
 7.05 

Excess Consideration 
 
 4.02(f) 

Extension Term 
 
 10.01(a) 

HVAC 
 
 3.02(a) 

Holdover 
 
 9.04(a) 

Improvements 
 
 1.05 

Injured Party 
 
 5.01(d) 

Land 
 
 1.02 

Landlord 
 
 1.01 

Late Payment 
 
 2.01 (b) 

Lease 
 
 1.01 

Operating Expenses 
 
 2.02 

Premises 
 
 1.02 

Property 
 
 2.02(a) 

Pro Rata Share 
 
 2.02(a) 

Real Estate Taxes 
 
 2.02(a) 

Reference Data 
 
 1.01 

Relevant Space 
 
 6.01 (a) 

Rent 
 
 2.01 

Statement 
 
 2.02(d) 

Substantial Completion 
 
 . 1.04(b) 

Successor Landlord 
 
 8.0l(b) 

Target Date 
 
 1.04(a) 

Temporary Condemnation 
 
 6.02(h) 

Tenant 
 
 1.01 

Term 
 
 1.04(a) 

ARTICLE 1 BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS 
 1.01. Date and parties. This lease (Lease) is entered into between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, as lessor (Landlord) and the tenant identified on the Reference Data page at the front of this Lease, as lessee (Tenant) for space in the building to be constructed on Lots 65 and 66, Old Sauk Trails Park, Sixth Addition, Madison, Wisconsin (Building). 

1.02. Premises. Landlord leases to Tenant the space identified in the Reference Data (Premises) as shown outlined on the attached floor plan (Exhibit A). The Premises contain the fixtures, improvements, and other property now installed therein plus any improvements required by section 1.05 and Exhibits D and E. 
 
 The Building (Exhibit B) will contain approximately 59,235 rentable square feet excluding the test bunkers and the Premises will contain the rentable area which is designated in the Reference Data. These measurements were made using the American National Standard Method of Measuring Floor Area in Office Buildings, ANSI/BOMA Z65.1-1996, published by the Building Owners and Managers Association International. Any change in the rentable area of the Building or Premises will be incorporated herein by a revision of the Reference Data. 
 
 Tenant and its agents, employees, and invitees, have the nonexclusive right with others designated by Landlord to the free use of the common areas in the Building and of the land (Land) on which the Building is located (Exhibit C) for the common areas intended and normal purpose. Common areas include elevators, sidewalks, surface-lot parking areas, driveways, hallways, stairways, public bathrooms, common entrances, lobby, and other similar public areas and access ways. Landlord may change the common areas if the changes do not materially and unreasonably interfere with Tenant s access to the Premises or use of them. 
 
 1.03. Use. Tenant shall use the Premises for business office purposes only, unless Landlord gives its advance written consent to another use which shall be evidenced by inclusion in the Reference Data. Landlord warrants that applicable laws, ordinances, regulations, and restrictive covenants permit the Premises to be used for any use permitted by the Lease. Tenant shall not create a nuisance or use the Premises for any immoral or illegal purposes. 
 
 1.04.Term. 
 1.04(a). Term. The Lease begins (Commencement Date) for any part of the Premises on the earlier of: 
 
 (i) the date Tenant takes possession and occupies any part of the Premises, but only for that portion so occupied; or 

(ii) the Target Date for each portion of the Premises, if said portion is substantially completed on that date; or 
 (iii) thirty (30) days after the delivery of the notice required by subsection 1.04(c), if the applicable part of the Premises is substantially completed on that date. 
 
 If the Commencement Date would be a Saturday, Sunday, or holiday listed in paragraph 3.02(b)(ii), the Commencement Date shall be the first business day following that Saturday, Sunday, or holiday. Within thirty days after the Commencement Date, the parties shall confirm the Commencement Date by an amendment to the Reference Data. 
 The Lease shall continue in force from the Commencement Date if said date is the first day of a calendar month, or else from the first day of the month following the Commencement Date for the term designated in the Reference Data, unless ended earlier pursuant to the terms of this Lease. 
 
 1.04(b). Substantial completion. Landlord shall use its best efforts to substantially complete the Premises by the Target Dates set in the Reference Data. Substantially complete means: 
 
 (i) the decoration, fixtures, and equipment to be installed by Landlord Building Standard , described in Exhibit H) are installed and in good operating order; 
 (ii) Tenant, its employees, agents, and invitees, have ready access to the Building and Premises through the lobby, entranceways, elevators, and hallways; 
 (iii) completing Tenant s improvements (section 1.05 and Exhibits D and E) so that 
 (A) Tenant can use the premises for their intended purposes without material interference to Tenant conducting its ordinary business activities, and 
 (B) the only incomplete items are minor or insubstantial details of construction, mechanical adjustments, or finishing touches like touch-up plastering or painting; 
 (iv) the Premises are ready for the installation of any equipment, furniture, fixtures, or decoration that Tenant will install; 
 (v) the following items are installed and in good operating order: 
 (A) building lobby, 
 (B) hallways on floor on which Premises are located (including walls, flooring, ceiling, lighting, etc.), 
 (C) elevators, HVAC, utilities, and plumbing serving the Premises, and 
 (D) the doors and hardware; and 
 (vi) the Premises are broom clean. 

1.04(c). Notice. Landlord shall give Tenant at least thirty (30) days advance written notice of the estimated substantial completion date if different from the Target Date. If the estimated substantial completion date changes at any time after Landlord gives notice, then Landlord shall give thirty (30) calendar days advance notice of the new estimated substantial completion date. 
 
 1.04(d). Inspection and Punchlist. Before the Commencement Date, the parties shall inspect the Premises, have all systems demonstrated, and prepare a punch-list. The punch-list shall list incomplete, minor, or insubstantial details of construction; necessary mechanical adjustments, and needed finishing touches. Landlord will complete the punch-list items within thirty (30) days after the Commencement Date. Landlord will promptly correct any latent defects as they become known, if Tenant notifies Landlord within thirty (30) days after Tenant first learns of the defect. 
 
 1.04(e). Delayed Possession. Tenant may cancel this Lease if Landlord cannot deliver actual possession of the substantially complete Premises by one hundred and twenty (120) days after the Target Date. To cancel Tenant must give notice to Landlord within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the Target Date and before Landlord gives notice to Tenant that the Premises are substantially complete. The one hundred and twenty (120) day and one hundred and eighty (180) day periods above shall be extended by the time equal to any period of delay caused by the Tenant. Within thirty (30) days after cancellation Landlord shall return to Tenant prepaid consideration including Rent and deposits. 
 
 1.05. Improvements. Landlord shall make improvements to the Premises in accord with Exhibits D and E (Improvements) and Exhibit I (Tenant Build Out Agreement). The Improvements shall be completed in a good and workmanlike manner and comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations of governmental authorities. 
 ARTICLE 2 RENT AND SECURITY 
 2.01. Rent. Tenant shall pay rent (Rent) to Landlord in the amounts designated in the Reference Data. 
 (a) Payment. The Rent shall be paid in equal monthly installments: 
 (i) without advance notice, demand, offset, or deduction unless the offset or deduction is made by Tenant as permitted under paragraph 11.01(b)(ii) or to recover any unpaid (nonappealable) court judgment Tenant has against Landlord; 
 (ii) by the first day of each month during the Term; and 

(iii) to Landlord or to Landlord s agent as identified in the Reference Data, or as Landlord may specify in writing to the Tenant. 
 
 If the Term does not begin on the first day or end on the last day of a month, the Rent for that partial month shall be prorated by multiplying the monthly Rent by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days of the partial month included in the Term and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the full calendar month. 
 
 (b) Late payment. If Tenant fails to pay part or all of the Rent or Additional Rent (section 2.02) within ten (10) days after it is due, the Tenant shall also pay: 
 	 (i) a late charge equal to 1 percent of the unpaid Rent and Additional Rent, plus 
 	 (ii) interest at 18 percent per annum or the maximum then allowed by applicable law, whichever is less, on the remaining unpaid balance, retroactive to the date originally due until paid, but the interest accumulation shall stop after thirty (30) days unless Landlord gives Tenant written notice of the Tenant s failure to pay Rent or Additional Rent within 30 days of the date payment was due. 
 
 2.02. Additional Rent . Tenant shall also pay its pro rata share of real estate taxes and operating expenses for the Property as Additional Rent in accordance with the following provisions. 
 
 2.02(a). Definitions. 
 
 (i) Tenant s pro rata share, which is shown in the Reference Data, was calculated by dividing the rentable area of the Premises by the rentable area of the Building and expressing the fraction as a percentage. 
 (ii) Property means the Building and its equipment and systems, and the Land. 
 (iii) Real Estate Taxes means real property taxes and currently due installments of assessments, special or otherwise, imposed upon the Property, and reasonable legal fees, costs, and disbursements incurred for proceedings to contest, determine, or reduce Real Estate Taxes, but only to the extent the Real Estate Taxes are reduced. 
 Real Estate Taxes do not include: 
 (A) federal, state, or local income taxes, 
 (B) franchise, gift, transfer, excise, capital stock, estate, succession, or inheritance taxes, 
 (C) penalties or interest for late payment of Real Estate Taxes, and 

(D) the portion of Real Estate Taxes that is allocable to any Building capital improvements made after the Building was fully assessed as a completed and occupied unit and the Lease was signed except to the extent the additional improvements benefit the Tenant. 
 (iv) Operating Expenses means Landlord s operating expenses that are reasonable, actual and necessary, out-of-pocket, obtained at competitive prices, and that are directly attributable to the operation, maintenance, management, and repair of the Property, as determined under generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, including: 
 (A) salaries, and other compensation; including payroll taxes, vacation, holiday, and other paid absences; and welfare, retirement, and other fringe benefits; that is paid to employees, independent contractors, or agents of Landlord engaged in the operation, repair, management, or maintenance of the Property; 
 (B) repairs and maintenance of the Property and the cost of necessary supplies, tools, materials, and equipment for Property repairs and maintenance, that under generally accepted accounting principles would not be capitalized; 
 (C) premiums and other charges incurred by Landlord for insurance on the Property and for employees specified in subparagraph 2.02(a)(iv)(A)(l); 
 (D) costs incurred for inspection and servicing, including all outside maintenance contracts necessary or proper for the maintenance of the Property, such as janitorial and window cleaning, rubbish removal, exterminating, water treatment, elevator, electrical, plumbing, and mechanical equipment, and the cost of materials, tools, supplies, and equipment used for inspection and servicing; 
 (E) costs incurred for electricity, water, gas, fuel, or other utilities; 
 (F) sales, use, and excise taxes on goods and services purchased by Landlord; 
 (G) license, permit, and inspection fees; 
 (H) fees for public accounting; 
 (I) legal fees, costs, and disbursements but excluding those 
 (1) relating to disputes with tenants, 
 (2) based upon Landlord s negligence or other tortious conduct, 
 (3) relating to enforcing any leases except for enforcing lease provisions for the benefit of the Building tenants generally, or 
 (4) relating to the defense of Landlord s title to, or interest in, the Property; 
 (J) management fees to a person or entity other than Landlord; 
 (K) the annual amortization over its useful life with a reasonable salvage value on a straight-line basis of the costs of any capital improvements made by 

Landlord and (i) required by any changes in applicable laws, rules, or regulations of any governmental authorities enacted after the Building was assessed as a completed and occupied unit and the Lease was signed, or (ii) which are for the benefit of the Building tenants generally; 
 (L) the annual amortization over its useful life with a reasonable salvage value on a straight-line basis of the costs of any capital improvements made by Landlord as a labor-saving measure or to accomplish other savings in operating, repairing, managing, or maintaining the Property, after the Building was assessed as a completed and occupied unit and the Lease was signed, but only to the extent of the savings; and 
 (M) other costs reasonably necessary to operate, repair, manage, and maintain the Property in a first class manner and condition. 
 
 Operating Expenses exclude: 
 (A) Real Estate Taxes as defined in paragraph 2.02(a)(iii); 
 (B) leasing commissions, costs, disbursements, and other expenses incurred for leasing, renovating, or improving space for tenants; 
 (C) costs incurred by Landlord in discharging its obligations under section 1.05 and Exhibit C; 
 (D) costs (including permit, license, and inspection fees) incurred in renovating, improving, decorating, painting, or redecorating vacant space or space for tenants; 
 (E) Landlord s cost of electricity or other service sold to tenants for which Landlord is to be reimbursed as a charge over the Rent and Additional Rent payable under the lease with that tenant; 
 (F) depreciation and amortization on the Building except as expressly permitted elsewhere in the Lease; 
 (G) costs of a capital nature including capital improvements, capital repairs, capital equipment, and capital tools, as determined under generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, except that the annual amortization of these costs shall be included to the extent expressly permitted in subparagraph 2.02(a)(iv)(K) and (L); 
 (H) costs incurred because the Landlord or another tenant violated the terms of any lease; 
 (I) interest on debt or amortization payments on mortgages or deeds of trust or any other debt for borrowed money; 
 (J) items and services for which Landlord is reimbursed by Tenant or others or which Landlord provides selectively to one or more tenants of the Building other than Tenant without reimbursement; 
 (K) advertising and promotional expenditures; 

(L) repairs or other work needed because of fire, windstorm, or other casualty or cause insured against by Landlord or to the extent Landlord s insurance required under Article 5 would have provided insurance, whichever is the greater coverage; 
 (M) nonrecurring costs incurred to remedy structural defects in original construction materials or installations; 
 (N) any costs, fines, or penalties incurred because Landlord violated any governmental rule or authority; 
 (O) costs incurred to test, survey, cleanup, contain, abate, remove, or otherwise remedy hazardous wastes or asbestos-containing materials from the Property unless the wastes or asbestos-containing materials were in or on the Property because of Tenant s negligence or intentional acts; 
 (P) other expenses that under generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied would not be considered normal maintenance, repair, management, or operation expenses. 
 
 2.02(b). Adjustments. Operating Expenses as defined in paragraph 2.02(a)(iv) shall be adjusted as follows: 
 (i) Vacancy Adjustment . If, during the term of this Lease, any area of the Building reserved for occupancy by tenants is vacant, Landlord shall pay the Pro Rata Share of the Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes allocated to that area. The amount paid by Landlord under this paragraph shall be reduced by the full amount of any reduction in Operating Expenses directly attributable to the vacancy. 
 (ii) Credits/Reimbursements. Operating Expenses shall be reduced by reimbursements, credits, discounts, reductions, refunds or other allowances received or receivable by Landlord for items of cost included in Operating Expenses, except reimbursements to the Landlord by tenants under the Additional Rent (Operating Expenses/Taxes) provision. 
 (iii) Increased Building Rentable Square Feet. If Landlord increases the Building s rentable square feet after the Building was fully assessed as a completed and occupied unit and the Lease was signed, then the Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes attributable to the additional rentable square feet shall be included in the Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes and Tenant s pro rata share shall be reduced using the same formula in paragraph 2.02(a)(i). 
 
 2.02(c). Payment by Landlord. Subject to reimbursement under subsection 2.02(d), Landlord shall pay the Property s Operating Expenses and Real Estate Taxes before delinquency. 

2.02(d). Payment by Tenant. 
 (i) From and after the commencement date of this Lease, the Tenant shall pay monthly, together with the Rent, Additional Rent in the amount designated in the Reference Data. Landlord reserves the right to adjust the amount of Additional Rent due from Tenant in accordance with the following paragraph (ii). 
 (ii) On or before January 21 st of each year during the term of this Lease, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practical, Landlord shall deliver to Tenant: 
 (A) an itemized statement (Statement) showing the amount of Additional Rent received from Tenant together with the Real Estate Taxes and actual Operating Expenses for the prior year broken down by component expenses, such as repairs, management fees, utility charges and janitorial costs; and 
 (B) a budget showing the estimated cost for Real Estate Taxes and Operating Expenses for the next twelve calendar months and a calculation of the Tenant s Pro Rata Share of Additional Rent for the next twelve months. Landlord shall supply, upon Tenant s request, reasonable additional information to explain or support the Statement. Any adjustment of the amount of Additional Rent due from Tenant shall be effective, and paid by the Tenant, with the Monthly Rent payment which is due at least ten (10) days after Tenant s receipt of a revised Reference Data page for this Lease showing the adjusted amount of Additional Rent due from Tenant. 
 (iii) If the Statement shows that the amount of Tenant s pro rata share for the prior year is less than the amount of Additional Rent paid by Tenant during that year, Landlord shall credit the difference to the installment(s) of Rent and Additional Rent next due from Tenant (or, after expiration of the Lease, mail a refund with the statement). If the Statement shows that the amount of Tenant s pro rata share for the prior year is greater than the amount of Additional Rent paid by Tenant during that year, the difference shall be assessed to Tenant as Additional Rent and shall be due with the installment of Rent which is due thirty (30) days following Landlord s delivery of an invoice for said assessment to Tenant. Any overpayment or underpayment of Additional Rent, including interest and penalty, shall survive the ending of the Lease. 
 (iv) For any year in which this Lease is not in effect for the complete calendar year, unless it was ended because of Tenant s default, Tenant s obligation for Additional Rent for that year shall be prorated by multiplying Tenant s pro rata share by a fraction expressed as a percentage, the numerator of which is the number of days of the year included in the Term and the denominator of which is 365. 

2.03. Personal Property Tax. Tenant shall pay, before they become delinquent, taxes assessed during the Term against trade fixtures or personal property placed by Tenant in the Premises. If these taxes are assessed against the Building, Tenant shall pay its share of the taxes to the Landlord within ten (10) days after receiving Landlord s written statement setting forth the amount of taxes applicable to Tenant s property and the basis for the charge to Tenant. Tenant s failure to pay within the ten-day period shall entitle the Landlord to the same remedies it has upon Tenant s failure to pay Rent. 
 
 2.04. Security Deposit. The Tenant has deposited the amount designated in the Reference Data (Security Deposit) with the Landlord to secure Tenant s performance of its Lease obligations. If Tenant defaults Landlord may, after giving five (5) days advance notice to Tenant, without prejudice to Landlord s other remedies, apply part or all of the Security Deposit to cure Tenant s default. If Landlord so uses part or all of the Security Deposit, then Tenant shall within ten (10) days after written demand, pay Landlord the amount used to restore the Security Deposit to its original amount. 
 Any part of the Security Deposit not used by the Landlord as permitted by this section shall be returned to Tenant, without interest, within thirty (30) days after the Lease ends. If Landlord sells the Building then the Landlord shall be relieved of any liability for the Security Deposit and accumulated interest if the requirements of subsection 5.03(a) are met. 
 
 2.05. Sales Tax . Tenant shall pay sales, excise or any similar taxes which may be levied against the Rent, Additional Rent, or any other payments due to Landlord under this Lease. 
 
 ARTICLE 3 AFFIRMATIVE OBLIGATIONS 
 
 3.01. Compliance with Laws. 
 3.01(a). Compliance at Commencement. Landlord and Tenant warrant, each to the other, that on the Commencement Date, the Premises and the Tenant s use of the same, will comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, and regulations of governmental authorities (Applicable Laws). Any failure to comply with the Applicable Laws following notice from the other party and a reasonable period of cure shall constitute a default under this Lease. 
 
 3.01(b). Notice of Noncompliance. If there should be a change in the Applicable Laws which would cause either party to be found out of compliance therewith, that party shall immediately notify the other party and undertake all actions necessary to achieve compliance with the changed Laws, subject to the limits in the following subsection 3.01(c). 
 
 3.01(c). Compliance Limits. Either party, instead of complying with Applicable Laws as required by subsection 3.01(b), may cancel the Lease by giving prompt notice to the other if: 

(i) the estimated cost to comply exceeds an amount equal to six months current rent 
 (A) due from Tenant to Landlord if Tenant is not in compliance; or 
 (B) due from all tenants in the Building then paying rent to Landlord if Landlord is not in compliance; 

(ii) 
 
 less than twelve (12) months remain in the Term and Tenant does not have an option to extend the Term. 

If either party (Canceling Party) cancels the Lease under (i) above, the other (Complying Party) may, within ten (10) days of receiving the Canceling Party s notice, agree to achieve compliance with the Applicable Laws at its expense by giving notice to the Canceling Party and this Lease shall continue in effect. If the Complying Party incurs any expense in its exercise of this right, then the Canceling Party shall promptly reimburse the Complying Party the amount of the limit identified for the Canceling Party in (i) above, or the Complying Party s actual cost of compliance, whichever is less. 
 
 3.02. Services and Utilities. 
 
 3.02(a). Services. Landlord shall provide at its expense, subject to reimbursement under subsection 2.02(d): 
 (i) Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) for the Premises during business hours to maintain temperatures for comfortable use and occupancy in light of Tenant s space plan (Exhibit D); 
 (ii) Automatic passenger elevators providing adequate service leading to the floor on which the Premises are located; 
 (iii) Janitorial services to the Premises as specified in Exhibit F; 
 (iv) Hot and cold water sufficient for drinking, lavatory, toilet, and ordinary cleaning purposes to be drawn from approved fixtures in the Premises if shown on Exhibit D or on the floor on which the Premises are located; 
 (v) Electricity to the Premises during business hours that provides electric current in reasonable amounts necessary for normal office use, lighting, and HVAC; 
 (vi) Replacement of lighting tubes, lamp ballasts, and bulbs; 

(vii) Extermination and pest control when necessary; and 
 (viii) Maintenance of common areas in a first class manner comparable to other first class office buildings in the area. The maintenance shall include cleaning, HVAC, illumination, snow shoveling, deicing, repairs, replacements, lawn care, and landscaping. 
 
 3.02(b). Business Hours . In section 3.02 business hours means: 
 (i) Monday through Friday, 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m., and 
 (ii) Saturday, 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m., but excludes the following holidays or the days on which the holidays are designated for observance: New Year s Day, Memorial Day, July Fourth, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. 
 
 3.02(c). 24 Hour Access. Tenant, its employees, agents, and invitees shall have access to the Premises twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week. During nonbusiness hours Landlord may restrict access by requiring an entry or identification card issued by the Landlord. Landlord shall not be liable for denying entry to any person who does not have the required card. 
 Landlord may temporarily close the Building if required because of a life-threatening or Building-threatening situation. Landlord shall use its best efforts to close the Building during nonbusiness hours only. If, however, the Building must be closed during business hours, then the Rent and Additional Rent shall abate during any closing that lasts more than eight (8) consecutive business hours. 
 
 3.02(d). Extra Services . Whenever Landlord knows that any tenant (including Tenant) is using extra services because of either nonbusiness-hours use or high electricity consumption installations, the Landlord will directly charge that tenant for the extra use and exclude those charges form Operating Expenses. Extra services include: 
 (i) NonBusiness-Hours Use . HVAC and electricity required by Tenant during nonbusiness hours shall be supplied upon reasonable advance verbal notice. If more than one tenant directly benefits from these services then the cost shall be allocated proportionately between or among the benefitting tenants based upon the amount of time each tenant benefits and the square footage each leases. 
 (ii) Excess Utility Use. Tenant shall not place or operate in the Premises any electrically operated equipment or other machinery, other than typewriters, personal computers, adding machines, reproduction machines, and other machinery and equipment normally used in offices, unless Tenant receives Landlord s advance written consent. Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold or delay its consent. But Landlord 

may require payment for the extra use of electricity caused by operating this equipment or machinery. 
 Landlord may require that special, high electricity consumption installations of Tenant such as computer or reproduction facilities (except personal computers or normal office photocopy machines) be separately ventilated or sub-metered for electrical consumption at Tenant s cost. 
 (iii) Payment. Tenant s charges for the utilities provided under (i) and (ii) above shall be the lesser of: 
 (A) one hundred and ten percent (110 of Landlord s actual cost of labor and utilities; or 
 (B) the lowest rate charged to any other tenant in the Building for extra services during the calendar year. 
 Tenant s failure to pay the charges in (i) and (ii) above within thirty (30) days of receiving a proper and correct invoice shall entitle Landlord to the same remedies it has upon Tenant s failure to pay Rent. 
 
 3.02(e). Interruption of Services. 
 (i) Interruptions. Landlord does not warrant that any services Landlord supplies will not be interrupted. Services may be interrupted because of accidents, repairs, alterations, improvements, or any reason beyond the reasonable control of the Landlord. Except as noted in (ii) below, any interruption shall not: 
 (A) be considered an eviction or disturbance of Tenant s use and possession of the Premises; 
 (B) make Landlord liable to Tenant for damages; 
 (C) abate Rent or Additional Rent; or 
 (D) relieve Tenant from performing Tenant s Lease obligations. 
 (ii) Remedy. If any essential services (such as HVAC, passenger elevators, electricity, water) supplied by Landlord are interrupted, and the interruption does not result from the negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant, its employees, invitees, or agents, Tenant shall be entitled to an abatement of Rent and Additional Rent. The abatement shall begin on the third consecutive business day of the interruption or when Tenant stops using the Premises because of the interruption, whichever is later. The abatement shall end on the second day after the services are restored. Tenant shall have the option to cancel the Lease if the interruption unreasonably and materially interferes with Tenant s use of or access to the Premises for at least thirty (30) consecutive days and Landlord is not exercising its best efforts to restore the services. To exercise this 

option Tenant must give Landlord notice of the cancellation within ten (10) days from the end of the thirty (30) day period. 
 
 3.03. Repairs and Maintenance. 
 
 3.03(a). Tenant s Care of Premises. Tenant shall: 
 (i) keep the Premises and fixtures in good order; 
 (ii) make repairs and replacements to the Premises or Building needed because of Tenant s misuse or primary negligence, except to the extent that the repairs or replacements are covered by Landlord s insurance or the insurance Landlord is required to carry under Article 5, whichever is greater; 
 (iii) repair and replace special equipment or decorative treatments installed by or at Tenant s request and that serve the Premises only, except 
 (A) to the extent the repairs or replacements are needed because of Landlord s misuse or primary negligence, and are not covered by Tenant s insurance or the insurance Tenant is required to carry under Article 5, whichever is greater; or 
 (B) if the Lease is ended under sections 6.01 (Damage) or 6.02 (Condemnation) or 7.03 (Landlord s Default); and 
 (iv) not commit waste. 
 
 3.03(b). Landlord s Repairs. Except for repairs and replacements that Tenant must make under subsection 3.03(a), Landlord shall make all other repairs and replacements to the Premises, common areas and Building (including Building fixtures and equipment). 
 Landlord shall make the repairs and replacements to maintain the Building in a first class condition comparable to other first class buildings in the area. This maintenance shall include the roof, foundation, exterior walls, interior structural walls, all structural components, and all systems such as mechanical, electrical, HVAC, and plumbing. 
 
 3.03(c). Time for Repairs . Repairs or replacements required under subsections 3.03(a) or 3.03(b) shall be made within a reasonable time (depending on the nature of the repair or replacement needed) after receiving notice or having actual knowledge of the need for a repair or replacement. 

3.03(d). Surrendering the Premises. Upon the last day of the initial or of the last extension term elected by Tenant (if any), Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord in the same broom clean condition that the Premises were in on the Commencement Date except for: 
 (i) ordinary wear and tear; 
 (ii) damage by the elements, fire, and other casualty unless Tenant would be required to repair under subsection 3.03(a); 
 (iii) condemnation; 
 (iv) damage arising from any cause not required to be repaired or replaced by Tenant; and 
 (v) alterations as permitted by this Lease unless consent was conditioned on their removal. 
 
 On surrender Tenant shall remove from the Premises its personal property, trade fixtures, and any alterations required to be removed under section 4.01 and repair any damage to the Premises caused by the removal. Any items not removed by Tenant as required above shall be considered abandoned. Landlord may dispose of abandoned items as Landlord chooses and bill the Tenant for the cost of their disposal, minus any revenues received by Landlord for their disposal. 
 
 ARTICLE 4 NEGATIVE OBLIGATIONS 
 
 4.01. Alterations. 
 4.01(a). Definition. Alterations means alterations, additions, substitutions, installations, changes, and improvements, but excludes minor decorations and the Improvements Landlord is to make under section 1.05 and Exhibits D and E. 
 
 4.01(b). Consent. Tenant shall not make Alterations without the Landlord s advance written consent. Landlord s consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed for non-structural interior Alterations to the Premises that do not adversely affect the Building s appearance, value, or structural strength. 
 
 4.01(c). Conditions of consent. Landlord may condition its consent under subsection 4.01(b) on all or any part of the following: 

(i) Tenant shall furnish Landlord with reasonably detailed plans and specifications of the Alterations; 
 (ii) The Alterations shall be performed and completed: 
 (A) in accord with the submitted plans and specifications, (B) in a workmanlike manner, (C) in compliance with all Applicable Laws, (D) using new materials and installations at least equal in quality to the original Building materials and installations, (E) by not disturbing the quiet possession of the other tenants, (F) by not interfering with the construction, operation, or maintenance of the Building, and (G) with due diligence; 
 (iii) Tenant shall use workers and contractors whom Landlord employs or approves in writing, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed; 
 (iv) Tenant shall modify plans and specifications because of reasonable conditions set by Landlord after reviewing the plans and specifications; 
 (v) Tenant s contractors shall carry builder s risk insurance in an amount then customarily carried by prudent contractors and workers compensation insurance for its employees in statutory limits; 
 (vi) Tenant s workers or contractors shall work in harmony and not unreasonably interfere with Landlord s workers or contractors or other tenants and their workers or contractors; 
 (vii) If the Alteration s estimated cost exceeds 10,000.00, Tenant shall, at Landlord s request, supply a lien and completion bond, bank letter of credit, or other security satisfactory to Landlord, in an amount equal to the estimated cost to insure Landlord against materials and mechanics liens and against completion of the Alterations; 
 (viii) Upon demand Tenant shall give Landlord evidence that it complied with any condition set by Landlord; 
 (ix) Tenant shall give Landlord complete as-built drawings of the Alterations after they are finished; and 

(x) Tenant shall remove the Alterations and repair any damage from their removal by the last day of the Term, or the date the last extension Term elected by Tenant ends, if any, whichever is later. 
 
 4.01(d). Payment and Ownership of the Alterations. Alterations made under this subsection shall be at Tenant s expense. The Alterations shall belong to Landlord when this Lease and the last extension Term, if any, ends except for those Alterations required to be removed by Tenant, if any, under subsection 4.01(c). Nevertheless, Tenant may remove its trade fixtures, furniture, equipment, and other personal property if Tenant promptly repairs any damage caused by their removal. 
 
 4.02. Assignment and Subleasing. 
 
 4.02(a). Consent Required. Tenant shall not transfer, mortgage, encumber, assign, or sublease all or part of the Premises without Landlord s advance written consent. Landlord s consent to any assignment or sublease shall not be unreasonably withheld or unduly delayed. 
 
 4.02(b). Reasonableness. The Landlord s consent shall not be considered unreasonably withheld if: 
 (i) the proposed subtenant s or assignee s financial responsibility does not meet the same criteria Landlord uses to select comparable Building tenants; 
 (ii) the proposed subtenant s or assignee s business is not suitable for the Building considering the business of the other tenants and the Building s prestige; or 
 (iii) the proposed use is inconsistent with the use permitted by section 1.03. 
 
 4.02(c). Procedure. 
 (i) Tenant must provide Landlord in writing: 
 (A) the name and address of the proposed subtenant or assignee; 
 (B) the nature of the proposed subtenant s or assignee s business it will operate in the Premises; 
 (C) the terms of the proposed sublease or assignment; and 
 (D) reasonable financial information so that Landlord can evaluate the proposed subtenant or assignee under paragraph 4.02(b)(i), if requested by Landlord. 

(ii) Landlord shall, within ten (10) business days after receiving the information under paragraph 4.02(c)(i), give notice to the Tenant to permit or deny the proposed sublease or assignment. If Landlord denies consent, it must explain the reasons for the denial. If Landlord does not give notice within the ten (10) business-day period, then Tenant may sublease or assign part or all of the Premises upon the terms Tenant gave in the information under paragraph 4.02(c)(i). 
 
 4.02(d). Affiliates. Notwithstanding subsections 4.02(a), (b), and (c), Tenant may assign or sublease part or all of the Premises without Landlord s consent to: 

(i) 
 
 any corporation or partnership that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, Tenant; or 

(ii) 
 
 any corporation resulting from the merger or consolidation with Tenant or to any entity that acquires all of Tenant s assets as a going concern of the business that is being conducted on the Premises, as long as the assignee or sublessee is a bona fide entity and assumes the obligations of Tenant. 

4.02(e). Conditions. Subleases and Assignments by Tenant are also subject to the terms of this Lease and Tenant shall remain liable for all Lease obligations unless released, in writing, by Landlord. Consent to one sublease or assignment does not waive the consent requirement for future assignments or subleases. 
 
 4.02(f). Review Fee. In consideration of Landlord s review of the Tenant s proposed sublease or assignment, the Tenant shall pay a review fee to Landlord which is intended to defray any expenses which Landlord may incur in the review of the proposed sublease or assignment. The fee shall be equal to ten percent (10 of the Rent due from Tenant for the month in which the proposed sublease or assignment is to begin and shall be paid to Landlord at the time the information required by paragraph 4.02(c)(i) is delivered to Landlord. 
 
 ARTICLE 5 INSURANCE 
 
 5.01. Insurance. 
 
 5.01(a). Building Insurance. Landlord shall keep the Building, including the Improvements (section 1.05 and Exhibits D and E), insured against damage and destruction by fire, earthquake, vandalism, and other perils in the amount of the full replacement value of the Building, as the value may exist from time to time. The insurance shall include an extended coverage endorsement of the kind required by an institutional lender to repair and restore the Building. 

5.01(b). Property Insurance. Each party shall keep its personal property and trade fixtures in the Premises and Building insured with all risks insurance in an amount to cover one hundred (100) percent of the replacement cost of the property and fixtures. Tenant shall also keep any non-Building-standard improvements made to the Building at Tenant s request insured to the same degree as Tenant s personal property. 
 
 5.01(c). Liability Insurance. Each party shall maintain contractual and comprehensive general liability insurance, including public liability and property damage, with a minimum combined single limit of liability of two million dollars 2,000,000.00) for personal injuries or deaths of persons occurring in or about the Building and Premises. 
 
 5.01(d). Waiver of Subrogation. Each party waives claims arising in any manner in its (Injured Party s) favor and against the other party for loss or damage to its property located within or constituting a part or all of the Building. This waiver applies to the extent the loss or damage is covered by: 
 (i) the Injured Party s insurance; or 
 (ii) the insurance the Injured Party is required to carry under Article 5, whichever is greater. The waiver also applies to each party s directors, officers, employees, shareholders, and agents. The waiver does not apply to claims caused by a party s willful misconduct 
 
 If despite a party s best efforts it cannot find an insurance company meeting the criteria in subsection 5.01(f) that will give the waiver at reasonable commercial rates, then it shall give notice to the other party within thirty (30) days after the Lease s Commencement Date. The other party shall then have thirty (30) days to find an insurance company that will issue the waiver. If the other party also cannot find such an insurance company, then both parties shall be released from their obligation to obtain the waiver. 
 
 If an insurance company is found but it will give the waiver only at rates greater than reasonable commercial rates, then the parties can agree to pay for the waiver under any agreement they can negotiate. If the parties cannot in good faith negotiate an agreement, then both parties shall be released from their obligation to obtain the waiver. 
 
 5.01(e). Increase in Insurance. The amounts of coverage required by this Lease are subject to review at the end of the initial term and of each renewal term, if any. At each review, if necessary to maintain the same level of coverage that existed on the Commencement Date, the amounts of coverage shall be increased to the lesser of 

(i) the amounts of coverage carried by prudent Landlords and Tenants of comparable first class office buildings in the area; or 
 (ii) twenty-five (25) percent higher than the previous insurance amounts. 
 
 Either party may make the review and request appropriate increases based upon this review within sixty (60) days after the preceding lease term ends. If the parties do not agree to the amount of the increase, then the party requesting the increase may submit the dispute to arbitration under section 11.01 within thirty (30) days of the request for the increase. Landlord shall not request increased insurance unless it makes, at appropriate times, similar requests of all other tenants whose insurance coverage is below the amount carried by prudent tenants of similar buildings. 
 
 5.01(f). Insurance Criteria. Insurance policies required by this Lease shall: 
 (i) be issued by insurance companies licensed to do business in the state of Wisconsin with general policyholder s ratings of at least A and a financial rating of at least XI in the most current Best s Insurance Reports available on the date in section 1.01. If the Best s ratings are changed or discontinued, the parties shall agree to an equivalent method of rating insurance companies. If the parties cannot agree they shall submit the dispute to arbitration under section 11.01; 
 (ii) name the nonprocuring party as an additional insured as its interest may appear; other landlords or tenants may also be added as additional insureds in a blanket policy; 
 (iii) provide that the insurance may not be canceled or materially changed in the scope or amount of coverage unless ten (10) days advance notice is given to the non-procuring party; 
 (iv) be primary policies-not as contributing with, or in excess of, the coverage that the other party may carry; 
 (v) be permitted to be carried through a blanket policy or umbrella coverage; 
 (vi) have deductibles not greater than 5,000.00 (or such other amounts as the Landlord and Tenant may agree) per occurrence; and 
 (vii) be maintained during the entire Term and any extension Term. 

5.01(g). Evidence of Insurance. By the Commencement Date and upon each renewal of its insurance policies, each party shall give certificates of insurance to the other party. The certificate shall specify amounts, types of coverage, the waiver of subrogation, and the insurance criteria listed in subsection 5.01(f). The policies shall be renewed or replaced and maintained by the party responsible for that policy. If either party fails to give the required certificate within thirty (30) days after notice of demand for it, the other party may obtain and pay for that insurance and receive reimbursement from the party required to have the insurance. 
 
 5.02. Indemnification. 
 
 5.02(a). Tenant s Indemnity. Tenant indemnifies, defends, and holds Landlord harmless from claims: 
 (i) for personal injury, death, or property damage; 
 (ii) for incidents arising in or about the Premises or Building; and 
 (iii) caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant, its agents, employees, or invitees. When the claim is caused by the joint negligence or willful misconduct of Tenant and Landlord or Tenant and a third party unrelated to Tenant, except its agents, employees, or invitees, Tenant s duty to defend, indemnify, and hold Landlord harmless shall be in proportion to Tenant s allocable share of the joint negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 5.02(b). Landlord s Indemnity. Landlord indemnifies defends, and holds Tenant harmless from claims: 
 (i) for personal injury, death, or property damage; 
 (ii) for incidents occurring in or about the Premises or Building; and 
 (iii) caused by the negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord, its agents, employees, or invitees. 
 
 When the claim is caused by the joint negligence or willful misconduct of Landlord and Tenant or Landlord and a third party unrelated to Landlord, except its agents, employees, or invitees, Landlord s duty to defend, indemnify, and hold Tenant harmless shall be in proportion to Landlord s allocable share of the joint negligence or willful misconduct. 
 
 5.02(c). Release of Claims. Notwithstanding subsections 5.02(a) and (b), the parties release each other from any claims either party (Injured Party) has against the other. This release is 

limited to the extent the claim is covered by the Injured Party s insurance or the insurance the Injured Party is required to carry under Article 5, whichever is greater. 
 
 5.03. Limitation of Landlord s liability. 
 
 5.03(a). Transfer of Premises. If the Building is sold or transferred, voluntarily or involuntarily, the Landlord s Lease obligations and liabilities accruing after the transfer shall be the sole responsibility of the new owner if: 
 (i) the new owner expressly agrees in writing to assume these obligations; and 
 (ii) the Tenant s funds that the Landlord is holding, such as the Security Deposit, are given to the new owner. 
 
 5.03(b). Liability for Money Judgment. If Landlord, its employees, officers, or partners are ordered to pay Tenant a money judgment because of Landlord s default, then except in those instances listed in subsection 5.03(c), Tenant s sole remedy to satisfy the judgment shall be: 
 (i) Landlord s interest in the Building and Land including the rental income and proceeds from sale; and 
 (ii) any insurance or condemnation proceeds received because of damage or condemnation to, or of, the Building or Land that are available for use by Landlord. 
 
 5.03(c). Exceptions. Subsection 5.03(b) does not apply when: 
 (i) Landlord failed to apply insurance or condemnation proceeds as required by the Lease; 
 (ii) Landlord misappropriated escrow funds; or 
 (iii) Landlord violated the warranties contained in section 12.12. 
 
 Nothing in subsections 5.03(a), (b), or (c) shall be interpreted to mean that Tenant cannot be awarded specific performance or an injunction. 
 [Article 6 begins on the following page] 

ARTICLE 6 LOSS OF PREMISES 
 6.01. Damage. 
 
 6.01(a). Definition. Relevant Space means: 
 (i) the Premises as defined in section 1.02, excluding Tenant s non-Building-Standard fixtures; 
 (ii) access to the Premises; and 
 (iii) any part of the Building that provides essential services to the Premises. 
 
 6.01(b). Repair of Damage. If the Relevant Space is damaged in part or whole from any cause and the Relevant Space can be substantially repaired and restored within one hundred and twenty (120) days from the date of the damage using standard working methods and procedures, Landlord shall at its expense promptly and diligently repair and restore the Relevant Space to substantially the same condition as existed before the damage. This repair and restoration shall be made within one hundred and twenty days from the date of the damage unless the delay is due to causes beyond Landlord s reasonable control. 
 
 If the Relevant Space cannot be repaired and restored within one hundred and twenty (120) day period, then either party may, within ten (10) days after determining that the repairs and restoration cannot be made within one hundred and twenty (120) days (as prescribed in subsection 6.01(c)), cancel the Lease by giving notice to the other party. Nevertheless, if the Relevant Space is not repaired and restored within one hundred and twenty (120) days from the date of the damage, then the Tenant may cancel the Lease at any time after the one hundred and twentieth (120th) day and before the one hundred and fiftieth (150th) day following the date of damage. Tenant shall not be able to cancel this Lease if its willful misconduct caused the damage unless the Landlord is not promptly and diligently repairing and restoring the Relevant Space. 
 
 6.01(c). Determining the Extent of Damage. If the parties cannot agree within fifteen (15) days after the date of the damage whether the repairs and restoration described in subsection 6.01(b) will take more than one hundred and twenty (120) days to make, then the determination will be submitted to arbitration under section 11.01. 
 
 6.01(d). Abatement. Unless the damage is caused by Tenant s willful misconduct, the Rent and Additional Rent shall abate in proportion to that part of the Premises that is unfit for use in Tenant s business. The abatement shall consider the nature and extent of interference to Tenant s ability to conduct business in the Premises and the need for access and essential services. The abatement shall continue from the date the damage occurred until the later of: 

(i) the date on which the repairs to the Premises are completed if the Landlord has given Tenant at least ten (10) days notice of said completion date; or 
 (ii) five (5) business days after Landlord completes the repairs and restoration to the Relevant Space or the part rendered unusable. 
 
 6.01(e). Tenant s Property. Notwithstanding anything else in Article 6, Landlord is not obligated to repair or restore damage to Tenant s trade fixtures, furniture, equipment, or other personal property, or any Tenant improvements other than those listed on Exhibit E. 
 
 6.01(f). Damage to Building. If: 
 (i) more than forty (40) percent of the Building is damaged and the Landlord decides not to repair and restore the Building; 
 (ii) any mortgagee of the Building shall not allow adequate insurance proceeds for repair and restoration; 
 (iii) the damage is not covered by Landlord s insurance required by subsections 5.01(a) and (b); or 
 (iv) the Lease is in the last twelve (12) months of its Term, 
 then Landlord may cancel this Lease. To cancel Landlord must give notice to Tenant within thirty (30) days after the damage. The notice must specify the cancellation date, which date shall be at least sixty (60) but not more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date notice is given. 
 
 6.01(g). Cancellation. If either party cancels this Lease as permitted by section 6.01, then this Lease shall end on the day specified in the cancellation notice. The Rent and Additional Rent and other charges shall be payable up to the cancellation date and shall account for any abatement. Landlord shall promptly refund to Tenant any prepaid or unaccrued Rent, accounting for any abatement, plus Security Deposit, if any, less any sum then owing by Tenant to Landlord. If Landlord cancels this Lease as permitted by section 6.01, then Landlord must also cancel all other similarly affected tenant leases in the Building. 
 
 6.02. Condemnation. 

6.02(a). Definitions. The terms eminent domain, condemnation, taken, and the like in section 6.02 include takings for public or quasi-public use and private purchases in place of condemnation by any authority authorized to exercise the power of eminent domain. 
 
 6.02(b). Entire Taking. If the entire Premises or the portions of the Building required for reasonable access to, or the reasonable use of, the Premises are taken by eminent domain, this Lease shall automatically end on the earlier of: 
 (i) the date title vests; or 
 (ii) the date Tenant is dispossessed by the condemning authority. 
 
 6.02(c). Partial Taking. If the taking of a part of the Premises materially interferes with Tenant s ability to continue its business operations in substantially the same manner and space then Tenant may end this Lease on the earlier of: 
 (i) the date when title vests; or 
 (ii) the date Tenant is dispossessed by the condemning authority. 
 
 If there is a partial taking and this Lease continues, then the Lease shall end as to the part taken and the Rent and Additional Rent shall abate in proportion to the part of the Premises taken and Tenant s pro rata share shall be equitably reduced. 
 
 6.02(d). Termination by Landlord. If title to a part of the Building other than the Premises is condemned, and in the Landlord s reasonable opinion, the Building should be restored in a manner that materially alters the Premises, Landlord may cancel this Lease by giving notice to Tenant. Cancellation notice shall be given within sixty (60) days following the date title vested. This Lease shall end on the date specified in the cancellation notice, which date shall be at least sixty (60) but not more than one hundred twenty (120) days after the date notice is given. 
 
 6.02(e). Rent Adjustment. If the Lease is canceled as provided in subsections 6.02(b), (c), or (d), then the Rent, Additional Rent, and other charges shall be payable up to the cancellation date, and shall account for any abatement. Landlord, considering any abatement, shall promptly refund to Tenant any prepaid or unaccrued Rent plus Security Deposit, if any, less any sum then owing by Tenant to Landlord. 
 
 6.02(f). Repair. If the Lease is not canceled as provided for in subsections 6.02(b), (c), or (d), then Landlord at its expense shall promptly repair and restore the Premises to the condition that 

existed immediately before the taking, except for the part taken, to render the Premises a complete architectural unit, but only to the extent of the: 
 (i) condemnation award received for the damage; and 
 (ii) Building Standard Work. 
 
 6.02(g). Awards and Damages. Landlord reserves all rights to damages paid because of any partial or entire taking of the Premises. Tenant assigns to Landlord any right Tenant may have to the damages or award. Further, Tenant shall not make claims against Landlord or the condemning authority for damages. 
 Notwithstanding anything else in subsection 6.02(g), Tenant may claim and recover from the condemning authority a separate award for Tenant s moving expenses, business dislocation damages, Tenant s personal property and fixtures, the unamortized costs of leasehold improvements paid for by Tenant, excluding the Landlord s Buildout described in section 1.05 and Exhibits D and E, and any other award that would not substantially reduce the award payable to Landlord. Each party shall seek its own award, as limited above, at its own expense, and neither shall have any right to the award made to the other. 
 
 6.02(h). Temporary Condemnation. If part or all of the Premises are condemned for a limited period of time (Temporary Condemnation), this Lease shall remain in effect. The Rent and Additional Rent and Tenant s obligations for the part of the Premises taken shall abate during the Temporary Condemnation in proportion to the part of the Premises that Tenant is unable to use in its business operations as a result of the Temporary Condemnation. Landlord shall receive the entire award for any Temporary Condemnation. 
 
 ARTICLE 7 DEFAULT 
 
 7.01. Tenant s Default. 
 
 7.01(a). Defaults. Each of the following constitutes a default (Default): 
 (i) Tenant s failure to pay Rent or Additional Rent within seven (7) days after Tenant receives notice from Landlord of Tenant s failure to pay Rent or Additional Rent; 
 (ii) Tenant s failure to pay Rent or Additional Rent by the due date, at any time during a twelve month period in which Tenant has already received two notices of its failure to pay Rent or Additional Rent by the due date; 

(iii) Tenant s failure to perform or observe any other Tenant obligation after a period of thirty (30) business days or the additional time, if any, that is reasonably necessary to promptly and diligently cure the failure, after it receives notice from Landlord setting forth in reasonable detail the nature and extent of the failure and identifying the applicable Lease provision(s); 
 (iv) Tenant s abandoning or vacating the Premises if Tenant fails to timely pay the Rent and Additional Rent by the due date; 
 (v) Tenant s failure to vacate or stay any of the following within ninety (90) days after they occur: 
 (A) a petition in bankruptcy is filed by or against Tenant; 
 (B) Tenant is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent; 
 (C) a receiver, trustee, or liquidator is appointed for all or a substantial part of Tenant s property; or 
 (D) Tenant makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. 
 
 7.02. Landlord s Remedies. 
 
 7.02(a). Remedies. Landlord in addition to the remedies given in this Lease or under the law, may do any one or more of the following if Tenant commits a Default under section 7.01: 
 (i) end this Lease, and Tenant shall then surrender the Premises to Landlord; and 
 (ii) enter and take possession of the Premises as provided by law and remove Tenant, with or without having ended the Lease. 
 
 Tenant waives claims for damages by reason of Landlord s reentry or repossession and for damages by reason of any legal process. 
 
 7.02(b). No Surrender. Landlord s exercise of any of its remedies or its receipt of Tenant s keys shall not be considered an acceptance of surrender of the Premises by Tenant. A surrender must be agreed to in a writing signed by both parties. 
 
 7.02(c). Rent. If Landlord ends this Lease or ends Tenant s right to possess the Premises because of a Default, Landlord may hold Tenant liable for Rent, Additional Rent, and other indebtedness accrued to the date the Lease Ends. Tenant shall also be liable for the Rent, Additional Rent and other indebtedness that otherwise would have been payable by Tenant during the remainder of the Term had there been no Default, reduced by any sums Landlord receives by reletting the Premises during the Term. 

7.02(d). Other Expenses. Tenant shall also be liable for that part of the following sums paid by Landlord and attributable to that part of the Term ended due to Tenant s Default: 
 (i) reasonable broker s fees incurred by Landlord for reletting part or all of the Premises prorated for that part of the reletting Term ending concurrently with the then current Term of this Lease; 
 (ii) the cost of removing and storing Tenant s property; 
 (iii) the cost of minor repairs, alterations, and remodeling, necessary to put the Premises in a condition reasonably acceptable to a new Tenant; and 
 (iv) other necessary and reasonable expenses incurred by Landlord in enforcing its remedies. 
 
 7.02(e). Payment. Tenant shall pay the sums due in subsections 7.02(c) and (d) within thirty (30) days of receiving Landlord s proper and correct invoice for the amounts. 
 
 7.02(f). Mitigation. Landlord shall mitigate its damage by making reasonable efforts to relet the Premises on reasonable terms. Landlord may relet for a shorter or longer period of time than the Lease Term and make any necessary repairs or alterations. Landlord may relet on any reasonable terms including a reasonable amount of free rent. If Landlord relets for a period of time longer than the current Lease Term, then any special concessions given to the new Tenant shall be allocated throughout the entire reletting Term so as not to unduly reduce the amount of consideration received by Landlord during the remaining period of Tenant s term. 
 
 7.03. Landlord s Default. Landlord s failure to perform or observe any of its Lease obligations after a period of thirty (30) business days or the additional time, if any, that is reasonably necessary to promptly and diligently cure the failure after receiving notice from Tenant is a Default. The notice shall give reasonable detail the nature and extent of the failure and identify the Lease provision(s) containing the obligation(s). After Tenant receives notice of a Mortgagee s name and address and request for notice upon Landlord s Default, Tenant shall also provide the notice required by this section to the Mortgagee at the same time Tenant gives notice to Landlord. If Landlord commits a Default, Tenant may pursue any remedies given in this Lease or under the law. 
 
 7.04. Exception to Cure Periods. The cure periods in paragraphs 7.01(a)(iii) and 7.03 do not apply to: 
 (a) emergencies; 
 (b) failure to maintain the insurance required by section 5.01. 

7.05. Self-Help. If either party defaults (Defaulting Party), the other party (Nondefaulting Party) may, without being obligated and without waiving the Default, cure the Default. The Nondefaulting Party may enter the Premises or Building to cure the Default. The Defaulting Party shall pay the Nondefaulting Party, upon demand, all costs, expenses, and disbursements incurred by the Nondefaulting Party to cure the Default. 
 
 7.06. Survival. The remedies permitted by Article 7 and the parties indemnities in section 5.02 shall survive the ending of this Lease. 
 
 ARTICLE 8 NONDISTURBANCE 
 
 8.01. Subordination. 
 
 8.01(a). Mortgages. Subject to subsection 8.01(b), this Lease is subordinate to prior or subsequent mortgages covering the Building. 
 
 8.01(b). Foreclosures. If any mortgage is foreclosed, then: 
 (i) This Lease shall continue; 
 (ii) Tenant s quiet possession shall not be disturbed if Tenant is not in Default; 
 (iii) Tenant will attorn to and recognize the mortgagee or purchaser at foreclosure sale (Successor Landlord) as Tenant s landlord for the remaining Term; and 
 (iv) The Successor Landlord shall not be bound by: 
 (A) any payment of Rent or Additional Rent for more than one month in advance, except the Security Deposit and free rent, if any, specified in the Lease, 
 (B) any amendment, modification, or termination of this Lease without Successor Landlord s consent after the Successor Landlord s name is given to Tenant unless the amendment, modification, or ending is specifically authorized by the original Lease and does not require Landlord s prior agreement or consent, and 
 (C) any liability for any act or omission of a prior Landlord. 
 
 8.01(c). Self-Operating. Section 8.01 is self-operating. However, Tenant shall promptly execute and deliver any documents needed to confirm this arrangement. 

8.02. Estoppel Certificate. 
 
 8.02(a). Obligation. Either party (Answering Party) shall from time to time, within ten (10) business days after receiving written request by the other party (Asking Party), execute and deliver to the Asking Party a written statement. This written statement, which may be relied upon by the Asking Party and any third party with whom the Asking Party is dealing shall certify: 
 (i) the accuracy of the Lease document; 
 (ii) the Commencement and Termination Dates of the Lease; 
 (iii) that the Lease is unmodified and in full effect or in full effect as modified, stating the date and nature of the modification; 
 (iv) whether to the Answering Party s knowledge the Asking Party is in default or whether the Answering Party has any claims or demands against the Asking Party and, if so, specifying the Default, claim, or demand; and 
 (v) to other correct and reasonably ascertainable facts that are covered by the Lease terms. 
 
 8.02(b). Remedy. The Answering Party s failure to comply with its obligation in subsection 2(a) shall be a Default. Notwithstanding paragraphs 7.01(a)(iii) and 7.03, the cure period for this Default shall be five (5) business days after the Answering Party receives notice of the Default. 
 
 8.03. Quiet Possession. If Tenant is not in default, and subject to the Lease terms and the above encumbrances, Tenant s peaceable and quiet enjoyment of the Premises shall not be disturbed by anyone. 
 
 ARTICLE 9 LANDLORD S RIGHTS 
 
 9.01. Rules. 
 
 9.01(a). Rules . Tenant, its employees and invitees, shall comply with: 
 (i) the Rules attached as Exhibit G; and 
 (ii) reasonable modifications and additions to Rules adopted by Landlord: 
 (A) of which Tenant is given thirty (30) days advance notice; 
 (B) that are for the safety, care, order, and cleanliness of the common areas; 
 (C) that do not unreasonably and materially interfere with Tenant s conducti of its business or Tenant s use and enjoyment of the Premises; and 

(D) that do not require payment of additional moneys. 
 
 9.01(b). Conflict with Lease. If a Rule issued under subsection 9.01 (a) conflicts with or is inconsistent with any Lease provision, the Lease provision controls. 
 
 9.02. Mechanics Liens. 
 
 9.02(a). Discharge Lien. Tenant shall, within twenty (20) days after receiving notice of any mechanic s lien for material or work claimed to have been furnished to the Premises on Tenant s behalf and at Tenant s request, except for work contracted by Landlord including the Buildout described in section 1.05 and Exhibits D and E: 
 (i) discharge the lien; or 
 (ii) post a bond equal to the amount of the disputed claim with companies reasonably satisfactory to Landlord. 
 
 If Tenant posts a bond, it shall contest the validity of the lien. Tenant shall indemnify, defend, and hold Landlord harmless from losses incurred from these liens. 
 
 9.02(b). Landlord s Discharge. If Tenant does not discharge the lien or post the bond within the twenty (20) day period, Landlord may pay any amounts, including interest and legal fees, to discharge the lien. Tenant shall then be liable to Landlord for the amounts paid by Landlord. 
 
 9.02(c). Consent not Implied. Section 9.02 is not a consent to subject Landlord s property to these liens. 
 
 9.03. Right to Enter. 
 
 9.03(a). Permitted Entries. Landlord and its agents, servants, and employees may enter the Premises at reasonable times, and at any time if an emergency, without charge, liability, or abatement of Rent, to: 
 (i) examine the Premises; 
 (ii) make repairs, alterations, improvements, and additions either required by the Lease or advisable to preserve the integrity, safety, and good order of part or all of the Premises or Building; 
 (iii) provide janitorial and other services required by the Lease; 

(iv) comply with Applicable Laws under section 3.01; 
 (v) show the Premises to prospective lenders or purchasers and during the ninety (90) days immediately before this Lease ends to prospective tenants, accompanied, if requested by Tenant, by a Tenant representative; 
 (vi) post notices of nonresponsibility; 
 (vii) remove any Alterations made by Tenant in violation of section 4.01; and 
 (viii) post For Sale signs and, during the one hundred and twenty (120) days immediately before this Lease ends, post For Lease signs. 
 
 9.03(b). Entry Conditions. Notwithstanding subsection 9.03(a), entry is conditioned upon Landlord: 
 (i) giving Tenant at least twenty-four (24) hours advance notice, except in an emergency; 
 (ii) promptly finishing any work for which it entered; and 
 (iii) causing the least practicable interference to Tenant s business. 
 
 9.03(c). Interference with Tenant. Notwithstanding subsections 9.03(a) and (b): 
 (i) if Landlord s entry materially and substantially interferes with the conduct of Tenant s business (and the entry is not needed because of Tenant s negligence or willful misconduct), the Rent and Additional Rent shall abate in proportion to the extent of the interference; and 
 (ii) if Landlord causes damage to Tenant s property, Landlord shall be liable for any damage to the extent the damage is not covered by Tenant s insurance or the insurance Tenant is required to carry under Article 5, whichever is greater. 
 
 9.04. Holdover. 
 
 9.04(a). Holdover Status. If Tenant continues occupying the Premises after the Term ends (Holdover) then: 

(i) if the Holdover is with Landlord s written consent, it shall be a month-to-month tenancy, terminable on thirty (30) days advance written notice by either party. Tenant shall pay at the beginning of each month Rent and Additional Rent that is five (5) percent higher than the amount due in the last full month immediately preceding the Holdover period unless the Landlord specifies a lower or higher Rent and Additional Rent in the written consent; 
 (ii) if the Holdover is without Landlord s written consent, then Tenant shall be a tenant-at-sufferance. Tenant shall pay by the first day of each month twice the amount of Rent and Additional Rent due in the last full month immediately preceding the Holdover period and shall be liable for any damages suffered by Landlord because of Tenant s Holdover. Landlord shall retain its remedies against the Tenant who holds over without written consent. 
 
 9.04(b). Holdover terms. The Holdovers in subsection 9.04(a) shall be on the same terms and conditions of the Lease except: 
 (i) the Term (section 1.04); 
 (ii) Rent and Additional Rent (sections 2.01 and 2.02); 
 (iii) the extension Term is deleted (section 10.01); 
 (iv) the Quiet Possession provision is deleted (section 8.03); 
 (v) Landlord s obligation for services and repairs for a paragraph 9.04(a)(ii) Holdover (sections 3.02 and 3.03) is deleted; 
 (vi) consent to an assignment or sublease may be unreasonably withheld and delayed (section 4.02); 
 (vii) the provision on Landlord s Default is deleted (section 7.03); 
 (viii) the Defaulting Party may be the Tenant only; (sections 7.03 and 7.05); 
 (ix) the Buildout is deleted (Exhibits D and E and section 1.05) 
 
 9.05. Signs. 
 
 9.05(a). Permitted Signs. Landlord shall provide Tenant, at Landlord s expense a listing on the Building ground sign and appropriate floor directories. Tenant may, at its expense and subject to 

Landlord s approval, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, install a sign on the exterior wall or door of the Premises inside the Building. 
 
 9.05(b). Nonpermitted signs. Other than the signs and listings permitted in subsection 9.05(a), Tenant shall not place or have placed any other signs, listings, advertisements, or any other notices anywhere else in the Building. 
 
 ARTICLE 10 OPTIONS 
 
 10.01. Option to Extend. 
 
 10.01(a). Option. Tenant may extend this Lease for the period of years designated in the Reference Data (Extension Term) beginning immediately after the Term, upon the same terms and conditions of the Lease, except that: 
 (i) the Term shall be modified as stated above; 
 (ii) there will be no Option to extend beyond the final Extension Term described on the Reference Data sheet. 
 (iii) the build out shall be deleted. 
 
 10.01(b). Conditions. To exercise this Option to extend, Tenant must: 
 (i) not be in default at the time it exercises the option; and 
 (ii) give notice to Landlord that Tenant is exercising its Option to Extend at least one hundred and twenty (120) days but not more than two hundred and forty (240) days before the Term ends. 
 
 ARTICLE 11 DISPUTES 
 
 11.01. Arbitration. 
 
 11.01(a). Procedure. For disputes subject to arbitration under subsection 11.01(c) that are not resolved by the parties within ten (10) days after either party gives notice to the other of its desire to arbitrate the dispute, the dispute shall be settled by binding arbitration by the American Arbitration Association in accord with its then-prevailing rules. Judgment upon the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The arbitrators shall have no power to change the Lease provisions. The arbitration panel shall consist of three arbitrators, one of 

whom must be a real estate attorney actively engaged in the practice of law for at least the last five (5) years. Both parties shall continue performing their Lease obligations pending the award in the arbitration proceeding. The arbitrators shall award the prevailing party reasonable expenses and costs including reasonable attorneys fees pursuant to section 12.02 plus interest on the amount due at eighteen (18) percent per annum or the maximum then allowed by applicable law, whichever is less. 
 
 11.01(b). Payment. The losing party shall pay to the prevailing party the amount of the final arbitration award. If payment is not made within ten (10) business days after the date the arbitration award is no longer appealable, then in addition to any other remedies under the law: 
 (i) if the Landlord is the prevailing party, it shall have the same remedies for failure to pay the arbitration award as it has for Tenant s failure to pay the Rent; and 
 (ii) if the Tenant is the prevailing party, it may deduct any remaining unpaid award from its monthly payment of Rent, Additional Rent, or other charges. 
 
 11.01(c). Arbitration. The following disputes are subject to arbitration: 
 (i) any disputes that the parties agree to submit to arbitration; 
 (ii) the date when the Premises are substantially completed; 
 (iii) the amount of any abatement of Rent and Additional Rent because of damage or condemnation; 
 (iv) the amount billed as Additional Rent or any component part of the calculation of Additional Rent; 
 (v) which party must comply with Applicable Laws under section 3.01; 
 (vi) whether the utilities are being provided in the quality and quantity required by section 3.02; 
 (vii) whether Tenant may abate Rent and Additional Rent or cancel the Lease under paragraph 3.02(e)(ii); 
 (viii) whether Landlord s withholding of consent is unreasonable or unduly delayed under subsections 4.02(a) and (b); 
 (ix) the amount of any insurance increase under subsection 5.0l(e); 

(x) whether either party can cancel the Lease under Articles 6 or 7; and 
 (xi) any allocations required under subparagraphs 2.02(a)(v)(B)(4). 
 
 ARTICLE 12 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 12.01. Broker s Warranty. The parties warrant that the Broker identified in the Reference Data (if any) is the only broker they dealt with on this Lease. The party who breaches this warranty shall defend, hold harmless, and indemnify the nonbreaching party from any claims or liability arising from the breach. The Landlord is solely responsible for paying the commission of said Broker. 
 
 12.02. Attorneys Fees. In any litigation between the parties regarding this Lease, the losing party shall pay to the prevailing party all reasonable expenses and court costs including attorneys fees incurred by the prevailing party. A party shall be considered the prevailing party if: 
 (a) it initiated the litigation and substantially obtains the relief it sought, either through a judgment or the losing party s voluntary action before arbitration (after it is scheduled), trial, or judgment; 
 (b) the other party withdraws its action without substantially obtaining the relief it sought; or 
 (c) it did not initiate the litigation and judgment is entered for either party, but without substantially granting the relief sought. 
 
 12.03. Notices. Unless a Lease provision expressly authorizes another form of notice, all notices under this Lease shall be in writing and sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the address of Landlord and Tenant shown in the Reference Data. 
 
 12.04. Partial Invalidity. If any Lease provision is invalid or unenforceable to any extent, then that provision and the remainder of this Lease shall continue in effect and be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 12.05. Waiver. The failure of either party to exercise any of its rights is not a waiver of those rights. A party waives only those rights specified in writing and signed by the party waiving its rights. 
 
 12.06. Binding on Successors. This Lease shall bind the parties heirs, successors, representatives, and permitted assigns. 
 
 12.07. Governing Law. This Lease shall be governed by the laws of the state of Wisconsin. 

12.08. Insurance Increase. If due to Tenant s particular use of the Premises the Landlord s insurance rates are increased, Tenant shall pay the increase. 
 
 12.09. Lease not an Offer. Landlord gave this Lease to Tenant for review. It is not an offer to lease. This Lease shall not be binding unless signed by both parties and an originally signed counterpart is delivered to Tenant by Landlord. 
 
 12.10. Recording. Recording of this Lease is prohibited except as allowed in this section. At the request of either party, the parties shall promptly execute and record, at the cost of the requesting party, a short form memorandum describing the Premises and stating this Lease s Term, its Commencement and Termination Dates, and other information the parties agree to include. 
 
 12.11. Survival of Remedies. The parties remedies shall survive the ending of this Lease when the ending is caused by the Default of the other party. 
 
 12.12. Authority of Parties. Landlord warrants that it owns the property free and clear of all mortgages, liens, and encumbrances except for those listed in the Reference Data. Each party warrants that it is authorized to enter into the Lease, that the person signing on its behalf is duly authorized to execute the Lease, and that no other signatures are necessary. 
 
 12.13. Business Days. Business days means Monday through Friday inclusive, excluding holidays identified at subsection 3.02(b). Throughout this Lease, wherever days are used the term shall refer to calendar days. Wherever the term business days is used the term shall refer to business days. 
 
 12.14. Entire Agreement. This Lease contains the entire agreement between the parties about the Premises and Building. Except for the Rules for which subsection 9.0l(a) controls, this Lease shall be modified only by a writing signed by both parties. 
 
 [This Lease is not valid unless there is a Reference Data page and a two-page Addendum signed by Landlord and Tenant attached to the front of it] 

1240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit A 
 
 page 1 of 2 

1240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit A 
 
 page 2 of 2 

1 240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit B 
 
 page 1 of 1 

1240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit C 
 
 page 1 of 1 

JANITORIAL SPECIFICATIONS 
 Premises 
 Daily 
 Thoroughly clean entrance door glass. 
 Empty all wastebaskets, replacing liners as needed. 
 Remove all recycling, placing in proper receptacles. 
 Remove any trash or recycling sitting near wastebaskets which is labeled as trash . (Note it must be labeled as trash or it will not be picked up to ensure only trash is disposed of.) 
 Light dust of furniture, fixtures, and equipment. 
 Spot wipe any cleared off surface on desktops, credenzas or counter tops. (Note; Wooden desktops will be dusted only.) 
 Remove all hand marks from the walls near the light switches, doors, and door frames. 
 Vacuum all traffic lanes with backpack vacuum. 
 Weekly 
 Full vacuum of carpeted areas (edge to edge). 
 Dust picture frames, window sills. 
 High level and low level dusting. 
 Spot clean vertical surfaces. 
 Detailed dusting of furniture, fixtures. 
 Wipe off phone receivers. 
 Quarterly 
 Dust blinds three times a year. 
 Dust ceiling air vents and grills. 
 As needed 
 Spot vacuum upholstered furniture. 
 Semi-annually 
 Clean inner suite glass panels three times a year. 
 Lavatories 
 Daily 
 Empty all baskets, replacing liners as needed. 
 Clean and sanitize all the lavatory fixtures, counter tops, mirrors, and metal. 
 Wet mop lavatory floors. 
 Remove all hand marks from the walls near the light switches, doors, and door frames. 
 Spot clean lavatory partitions. 
 Replenish soap and paper supplies. 
 Weekly 
 Acid clean urinals and commode interiors. 
 Delime sinks and faucets. 
 Clean shower facilities. 
 Monthly 
 Full flood mop of tile floor. 
 Dust the ceiling air vents. 
 Quarterly 
 Clean lavatory partitions. 

1240 Deming Way Lease 
 
 Exhibit F 
 
 page 1 of 2 

Entryway 
 Daily 
 Thoroughly clean entrance door glass, including exterior of main lobby and sidelights. 
 Dust and wet mop granite floors. 
 Vacuum carpeted areas. 
 Empty and clean cigarette ashtrays and urns. 
 Police the exterior around the entrance 
 Weekly 
 Clean and polish building directory. 
 Wipe window sills 
 Monthly 
 Full wash of glass side panels. 
 Quarterly 
 Clean lobby glass panels three times/year 
 Hallways, Staircases, and Elevator Bank 
 Daily 
 Dust and wet mop granite floors and staircases. 
 Vacuum carpeted areas. 
 Spot polish elevators. 
 Weekly 
 Full vacuum of carpeted areas and staircases. 
 Coffee Islands, Kitchens 
 Daily 
 Clean and wipe down all counters. 
 Clean sinks if empty. 
 Wipe down outside of microwaves. 
 Dust vending machines tops, wipe down handles, and faces. 
 Wipe down all table tops. 
 Dust mop and wet mop tiled floors. 
 Wipe off chairs. 
 Empty waste baskets, replace liners as needed. 
 Vacuum carpeted areas. 
 Remove recyclables. 
 Weekly 
 Delime sinks. 
 Dust window sills. 
 As Needed 
 Spot clean chairs. 
 Contracted Special Work (Extras) 
 Semi-Annually 
 Wash interior of all exterior windows. 
 Shampoo Carpets Common Areas 
 Shampoo Carpets Tenants space Tenant responsibility 
 Wash outside exterior windows. 
 Wash interior of entrance area windows. 

1240 Deming Way Lease 
 
 Exhibit F 
 
 page 2 of 2 

1240 DEMING WAY 
 RULES AND REGULATIONS 
 (1) HOURS OF OPERATION. The Building shall be open daily from at least 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Monday through Friday and from 8:00 a.m. to noon on Saturday normal business hours ). In case of invasion, mob, riot, demonstration, public insurrection or other commotion, Landlord reserves the right to prevent access to the Building during the continuance of any such occurrence for the safety of tenants and protection of the Building and the property therein. Landlord shall in no event be liable for damages for any error with regard to the admission of any person to or for the exclusion of any person from the Building. 
 (2) ELEVATOR SERVICE. The automatic self-service elevators in the Building will be in operation at all times. Elevator service may be interrupted because of maintenance, repairs or improvements or for any cause reasonably beyond Landlord s control. 
 (3) DOORS. All entrance doors to tenant premises shall be locked when such premises are not in use. Tenant assumes full responsibility for protecting the Premises from theft, robbery and pilferage. Landlord assumes no responsibility for loss or theft unless such occurrence is reasonably attributable to the negligence or willful act of Landlord or persons reasonably within Landlord s control. 
 (4) COMMON AREAS. No portion of the sidewalks, doorways, entrances, passages, vestibules, halls, lobbies, corridors, elevators or stairways in or adjacent to the Building shall be obstructed or used from any purpose other than for ingress and egress to and from tenant premises. No doormats, overshoes, umbrellas, or other items of any nature shall be placed or permitted to remain in such areas. No floor, skylight, partition, transom or opening that reflects or admits light into any place in the Building and no means of access to any Building fire escape, shall be covered or obstructed by any tenant. 
 (5) NUISANCES. Tenants and its employees and invitees shall at all times refrain from (a) making any loud, improper noises, sounds or vibrations in their premises or elsewhere in the Building or in any other manner annoying, disturbing, or interfering with other tenants or their employees and invitees. 
 Tenants shall not keep or permit on their premises any foul or noxious gas or substance or combustible fluid or material. No animals (except dogs for the blind), birds or other pets shall be permitted in or about the Building temporarily or otherwise. Aquaria may be permitted with the prior written consent of Landlord. Bicycles shall be parked only at such place or places as Landlord, in its sole discretion, may designate. Tenant premises shall not be used for cooking or lodging purposes nor for a storeroom for merchandise or other materials. Tenants shall not, without the prior written consent of Landlord, bring into, use or keep in the Building any inflammable explosive or hazardous article of any nature. 

1240 Deming Way Lease 
 
 Exhibit G 
 
 page 1 of 2 

(6) HEAVY EQUIPMENT AND FREIGHT. Safes and other objects of unusual size or weight shall not be allowed to be brought into or removed from the Building without the prior written consent of Landlord. All damage done to the Building or the Premises by the delivery, installation, use or removal thereof shall be paid for by Tenant. 
 Freight, business equipment, furniture, merchandise, and other large or bulky articles (excluding packages of reasonable weight and size which can be carried by one person) shall be delivered to and removed from the Building through such entrance, in such manner and at such times as may be designated by Landlord. All damage to the elevator or other portions of the Building caused by the moving or carrying of articles therein or thereon shall be paid for by Tenant. Landlord shall not be responsible for damage to any property of tenants delivered or left in any receiving area or elsewhere in the Building or to any property moved or handled anywhere in the Building by any representative of Landlord as an accommodation to any tenant. Landlord shall be under no obligation to accept delivery of, or to move or handle, any property of any tenant. 
 (7) SOLICITORS. Subject to the provisions of applicable laws or ordinances, solicitors, canvassers, and peddlers shall not be permitted in the Building. Tenants shall use their best efforts to discourage solicitors, canvassers and peddlers from frequenting the Building. Landlord reserves the right to exclude or eject from the Building all solicitors, canvassers and peddlers, or any person who, in the judgment of Landlord s security officer or employee in charge, is under the influence of liquor or drugs, or any person who shall in any manner do or threaten to do any illegal act or any act in violation of any of the Rules and Regulations of the Building. 
 (8) LOCKS AND KEYS. Tenants shall not (a) attach or permit to be attached additional locks or similar devices to any door or transom of their premises; (b) change existing locks or the mechanism thereof; or (c) make or permit to be made any keys for any door thereof other than those provided by Landlord. If more than two (2) keys for one lock are desired, Landlord shall provide them upon payment therefore by the requesting tenant. Tenants, upon the termination of its tenancy, shall deliver to Landlord all keys which have been furnished to the tenant or made by any tenant. Tenants shall pay Landlord for all lost or missing keys. 
 (9) EXTRA SERVICES. Requests for any extra janitorial or other special service requirements of any tenant must be directed to Landlord. Employees of Landlord shall not perform any work or do anything outside of their regular duties unless directed to do so by Landlord. 
 (10) PARKING. Public parking for any tenant s customers, clients, patrons and invitees shall be available on a regulated basis solely in those areas designated by Landlord for such parking. Tenants shall abide by all vehicular parking regulations issued by Landlord. 

1240 Deming Way Lease 
 
 Exhibit G 
 
 page 2 of 2 

BUILDING STANDARD 
 The building owner will provide the following level of finishes to the structure. All of the construction occurring after this point is a part of the Tenant Improvements and will be handled under a separate construction contract with payment made by Landlord and/or Tenant. 

Grounds 
 
 All site improvements are the responsibility of the owner. Parking lots, walks, drives, landscaping and exterior signs and lighting will be installed before occupancy by any tenant, except that the landscaping and the second course of paving is dependent on weather and may have to be delayed until the following spring. 

Building shell 
 
 The building will be fully enclosed and weather tight; all mechanical systems, elevators, security and alarm systems, sprinkler loops and heads and emergency lights and generators will be installed; the building entrance and lobby will be finished and the common areas on the floor [e.g., lobby, halls and bathrooms] will be finished before occupancy by any tenant. 

Premises 
 
 Each tenant suite will have a finished and level concrete floor; outside walls will be finished and taped and sanded above/below windows as required; the demising walls separating the Premises from adjoining suites or common areas will be finished on each side facing a common area and unfinished on each side facing a tenant suite to accommodate tenant s wiring; HVAC will be provided to each floor with ducting to and within the Premises as part of the tenant improvements; both 277/480 volt and 120/208 volt electrical service will be provided to each floor in amounts sufficient for standard office usage, extraordinary demand and all distribution to and within the Premises is part of the tenant improvements; ceilings are unfinished with sprinkler heads turned up upon start of tenant improvements. 

1240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit H 
 
 page 1 of 1 

Tomotherapy, Inc. 1240 Deming Way Madison, Wisconsin 53717 
 TENANT BUILD OUT AGREEMENT 
 THIS AGREEMENT, is entered into by and between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, a Wisconsin limited partnership Landlord and Tomotherapy, Inc. Tenant ). 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant will enter into a lease Lease for the first and second floors of the building to be constructed at 1240 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin; and 
 WHEREAS, the execution of the Lease is conditioned, in part, on Landlord s delivery of the leased premises in a condition suitable for Tenant s occupancy and the installation of its furnishings, fixtures and equipment used in the conduct of its business therein; and 
 WHEREAS, the Lease provides that the Landlord will pay 23.25/rentabIe square foot of the Premises, excluding Tenant s test bunkers Build out Allowance toward the cost of the Tenant Improvements including the test bunkers (as defined in the Lease and specifically excluding the work described in Exhibit H of the Lease which work will be done at Landlord s expense); and 
 WHEREAS, Landlord will enter into a contract with Planning Associates, Inc. for the installation of the Tenant Improvements Contract at a cost which is expected to exceed the Build out Allowance; and 
 WHEREAS, Landlord has required that Tenant, as a condition precedent to Landlord s execution of the Contract, approve the terms of the Contract and agree to reimburse Landlord for all costs which Landlord incurs in excess of the Build out Allowance; 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual promises made hereby, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows: 

1. 
 
 Tenant has reviewed and hereby approves the terms of the Contract, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit #1. 

2. 
 
 Tenant acknowledges that the Contract Price identified therein is subject to change due to, among other reasons, receipt of final bids, costs over or under allowances and change orders executed subsequent hereto. Whenever Owner s consent is required under the Contract, Owner shall be deemed to include both Landlord and Tenant. 

3. 
 
 Landlord shall proceed diligently and in good faith to supervise the completion of the Tenant Improvements in a timely fashion, shall pay all sums due therefor and shall secure 

1240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit I 
 
 page 1 of 2 

all required lien waivers for the labor and material provided under the contract. 

4. 
 
 Tenant shall be deemed a third-party beneficiary of the Contract and shall be entitled to enforce and rely on all terms, covenants and conditions, warranties, indemnifications and other rights of Owner under the contract as if Tenant was a signatory thereto. 

5. 
 
 Notwithstanding any change in the Contract Price that Tenant has approved as provided herein, Tenant agrees that it shall promptly reimburse Landlord for all sums paid under the Contract in excess of the Build out Allowance. Tenant s failure to pay such sums within thirty (30) days of its receipt of an invoice therefor shall be a Default under Section 7.01 of the Lease. Furthermore, Landlord may it its discretion, require that Tenant deposit funds for some or all of the cost of the Improvements in excess of the Build out Allowance. 

In witness whereof Landlord and Tenant have executed this Agreement at Madison, Wisconsin, on the date set forth above. 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Tomotherapy, Inc. 

The Gialamas Company, Inc., agent 

/s/ George Gialamas 
 
 /s/ John J. Barni 

George Gialamas, President 
 
 John J. Barni, C.E.O. 

The undersigned contractor hereby joins in this Agreement for the purpose of acknowledging, consenting and agreeing to the terms contained herein, including, without limitation, providing that Tenant is a third-party beneficiary under the Contract. 

Design/build Contractor 

PLANNING ASSOCIATES, INC. 

/s/ James M. Pientka 

James M. Pientka, Executive Vice President 

THIS LEASE IS NOT VALID UNTIL THIS TENANT BUILD OUT AGREEMENT, WITH EXHIBIT 1 ATTACHED, HAS BEEN EXECUTED BY LANDLORD, TENANT AND DESIGN/BUILD CONTRACTOR. 

1240 Deming Way 
 
 Exhibit I 
 
 page 2 of 2 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 aray-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10.2 

Exhibit 10.2 
 1240 Deming Way 
 Madison, Wisconsin 53717 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 
 The lease Lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership Landlord and TomoTherapy, Incorporated Tenant for premises in the building located at 1240 Deming Way in the City of Madison, Dane County, Wisconsin, is amended as follows: 
 
 1 Section 1.02 is amended by deleting the last paragraph thereof, which was added by the Lease Addendum, and replacing it with the following paragraph: 

The Premises shall include seven underground, concrete bunkers on the west side of the Building (as shown on Exhibit A, revised 4/1/04) designated for the testing of Tenant's product and/or its components for research and/or manufacturing purposes (the Test Bunkers ). The Test Bunkers shall be installed at Tenant's expense, but on surrender of the Premises by Tenant to Landlord, Landlord shall assume responsibility for the Test Bunkers and Tenant shall not be required to remove them. 
 
 2.	 Section 3.02(d)(iv) is amended to read as follows: 
 
 (iv) Separate Meters. Tenant agrees that (1) because it occupies over ninety percent of the area of the Building, (2) because the area of the test bunkers is not considered in the assessment of Additional Rent, and (3) because its operations consume a higher than normal amount of electricity; the electric meters for usage in the Building and on the Site will be billed directly to the Tenant and Subsections 3.02(a)(v) and 3.02(d)(i), (ii) and 
 (iii) are deleted from the Lease. 

This Amendment will be effective as of May 1 , 2004. 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 TomoTherapy Incorporated 

Old Sauk Trails Park Development Company, gen'I partner 
 
 1240 Deming Way Madison WI 53717-2911 

/s/ George Gialamas 
 
 /s/ John J Barni 

George Gialamas, President 
 
 John J. Barni, C.E.O 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 5
 aray-ex10_3.htm
 EX-10.3

EX-10.3 

Exhibit 10.3 
 1240 Deming Way 
 Madison, Wisconsin 53717 
 
 No. 8						 REFERENCE DATA 					October 19, 2016 
 These terms are specific to, and incorporated in, this lease. 

No. 
 Item 
 Lease Provision 

1.02 
 Premises Area of the Premises 
 All of the building and seven below-grade test bunkers located outside of the building footprint 61,410 BOMA rentable square feet RSF'') excluding the seven below grade test located outside of the building footprint 

1.03 
 Additional Permitted uses 
 Manufacture, testing and assembly of medical imaging equipment 

1.04 
 Term Effective Date 
 Through June 30, 2025 November 1, 2016 

2.01 
 Rent 
 16.00/RSF/yr No base rent will be charged for July and August 2018 

2.02 
 Rent Adjustment 
 S0.50/RSF/yr. beginning July J. 2017 and on same date each year thereafter 

2.05 
 Security Deposit 
 None 

4.01 
 Build out Allowance 
 Reference Second Amendment to Lease 

10.01 
 Extension Term 
 Two (2) terms, Five (5) years each 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Accuray Inc. 

Gialamas Family Holdings, LLC, its sole general partner 
 
 1240 Deming Way 

8040 Excelsior Drive, Suite 200 
 
 Madison WI 53717-2911 

Madison WI 53717-2911 

/s/ George Gialamas 
 
 /s/ Alexander J Kirkpatrick 

George Gialamas, Director 
 
 Andrew J Kirkpatrick SVP, Global Operations and Corporate Development 

1240 Deming Way Madison, Wisconsin 
 
 SECOND AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 October 19, 2016 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT modifies a lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership as Landlord Landlord and Accuray, Inc FKA Tomotherapy, Inc. Tenant for Premises (as identified in Reference Data No. 8) at 1240 Deming Way. Madison, Wisconsin 
 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are parties to a lease and Lease Addendum dated October 22, 200 I, which was modified on March 8, 2002, May_ 2002, January 30, 2004, April_2004, May 1, 2004, January 26, 2005 and November 16, 2012 (collectively the Lease for the building and other improvements at 1240 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin; and 
 WHEREAS, Tenant has requested an extension of the Lease that includes right of early termination, a right of first offer, a right of expansion and a tenant improvement allowance which requires further definition. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Landlord and Tenant agree that the Lease is affirmed and shall remain in full force and effect except as provided in Reference Data No. 8 and the following modifications to the Lease: 
 
 Section 4.01(e) is created to read: 
 4.01(e) Tenant Improvement Allowance. Landlord acknowledges that Tenant also leases Premises at 1209 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin 1209 Deming ). Landlord has agreed that it will, in conjunction with Adelphia LLC, the landlord at 1209 Deming, provide a tenant improvement allowance TIA of up to seven hundred fifty thousand dollars 750,000.00 USD) for use at either or both locations under the following conditions: 
 i) The TIA is to be used only for physical alterations, additions or improvements to the Premises, but may include related and necessary design and construction fees, as mutually agreed upon by the parties prior to commencement of construction; 

ii) Payment will be made upon submission of an invoice for work that has been previously approved by Landlord utilizing AIA standards; 

iii) Payment will be made directly to the contractor, vendor or supplier and may be conditioned on receipt of one or more lien waivers; 

iv) The TIA limit is a combined limit such that any amount used at one location will reduce the sum available at the other. Tenant is free to allocate the TIA between the two locations as it chooses; and 

v) Any amount of the TIA not used by December 31, 2018 shall be forfeited and no 

longer available to Tenant at either location. 

10.02 Expansion to Second Building. Section I 0.02 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
 l0.02 Right of Expansion. Landlord agrees to construct a building ('4New Building containing approximately sixty thousand (60,000) rentable square feet of space for Tenant's use and occupancy on Lot 65, Old Sauk Trails Park, 6th Addition in the City of Madison, Dane County, Wisconsin, under the following conditions: 
 a) Tenant must notify Landlord not later than October 1, 2017, of its intention to occupy the New Building; 

b) Landlord and Tenant must agree on the design, specifications and lease terms satisfactory in all aspects for the New Building on or before December I, 2017; 

c) Tenant must sign and return a lease containing agreed upon terms for the New Building within fifteen (15) business days of its receipt from Landlord; 

d) Time is of the essence with respect to each of the above conditions and Tenant's failure to comply timely will terminate this Right. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing Right of Expansion, Landlord retains the right to develop part or all of said Lot 65 at any time and in any manner it chooses. If Landlord intends to develop Lot 65, it will notify Tenant of its intention, including a description of the size and preliminary design of the proposed development. Tenant shall thereupon have ten (10) business days to exercise the preceding Right of Expansion. Tenant's failure to do so in the time allowed shall invalidate this Right and eliminate any rights Tenant may have with respect to said Lot 65. 
 
 10.01 Right of First Refusal . Section 10.03 is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 

10.03 Right of First Offer . Landlord grants to Tenant a right of first offer for the leasing of space in any building Building Landlord may construct on Lot 65, Old Sauk Trails Park 6th Addition, which adjoins the Premises, under the following conditions: 
 a) This right only applies to the Offered Premises defined as any space which is not leased at the time of completion of the Building and any space that becomes vacant following the completion of the Building during the term of this Lease; 

b) Landlord will notify Tenant of the location, proposed terns and date of availability of the Offered Premises; 

c) Tenant will have ten (10) business days from its receipt of the notice from Landlord to elect to lease the Offered Premises on all the terms and conditions set forth in the Landlord proposal for the Offered Premises (the Proposal 

d) Tenant must accept all of the Offered Premises unless Landlord is willing to accept a lease for less than all of it; 

e) If Tenant elects to lease the Offered Premises (or. with Landlord's consent, a portion 

thereof), it must execute and return to Landlord a lease on all the terms and conditions set forth in the Proposal for the Offered Space within ten (I 0) business days after its receipt from Landlord. 

Section 10.4 is created to read: 
 Section 10.04 Right of Early Termination. Landlord grants to Tenant the right to terminate this Lease as of June 30, 2023 (the Early Termination Date ), on the following conditions: 
 a) Tenant must notify Landlord, in writing, of its intention to terminate the Lease. The notice must be received by Landlord on or before June 30, 2022. Time is of the essence with respect to the receipt of the notice; 

b) Tenant must pay to Landlord, on or before June 30, 2023, a termination fee equal to two 

(2) months' Rent and Additional Rent plus all unamortized commissions and Tenant Improvement Allowance as of the Early Termination Date; 
 c) Tenant must not be in default under the Lease at the time of Landlord's receipt of the aforesaid notice or on the Early Termination Date. 

In witness whereof, Landlord and Tenant have signed this Amendment on October 19, 2016 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership 
 
 Accuray Inc. 

Gialamas Family Holdings, LLC, its sole general partner 
 
 1240 Deming Way 

8040 Excelsior Drive, Suite 200 
 
 Madison WI 53717-2911 

Madison WI 53717-2911 

/s/ George Gialamas 
 
 /s/ Andrew J Kirkpatrick 

George Gialamas, 
 
 Andrew J Kirkpatrick 

Director 
 
 SVP, Global Operations and Corporate Development 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 6
 aray-ex10_4.htm
 EX-10.4

EX-10.4 

Exhibit 10.4 
 1240 Deming Way 
 Madison, Wisconsin 
 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 March 27, 2020 
 THIS AMENDMENT modifies a lease between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership as Landlord Landlord and Accuray Incorporated, as assignee from TomoTherapy Incorporated Tenant for the Premises at 1240 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant are parties to a Lease and Lease Addendum dated October 22, 2001 and amended on March 8, 2002, May , 2002, January 30, 2004, April , 2004, May 1, 2004, January 26, 2005, November 16, 2012, and October 19, 2016 (collectively the Lease for the building and other improvements at 1240 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin (the Building ); and 
 WHEREAS, Landlord has requested that Tenant release its Right of Early Termination provided by Section 10.04 of the Lease in exchange for abatement of Rent (as defined in the Lease), in a total amount equal to One Hundred Seventy-Nine Thousand, One Hundred Twelve and 50/100 Dollars 179,112.50), which reflects the total Rent due for the two (2) months of May, 2020 and June, 2020 at a monthly Rent in the amount of Eighty Nine Thousand Five Hundred Fifty-Six and 25/100 Dollars 89,556.25) (or the equivalent amount applied to any two calendar months as requested by Tenant between May, 2020 and December, 2020) (such abatement of Rent, the Rent Abatement ). 
 NOW, THEREFORE, Landlord and Tenant agree that the Lease is hereby amended to add the Rate Abatement and that the Lease, as amended hereby, is affirmed and shall remain in full force and effect except with respect to the following deletion to the Lease: 
 
 The caption and language immediately following the caption labeled Section 10.04 Right of Early Termination is deleted in its entirety. 
 
 [ Signature page follows .] 

In witness whereof, Landlord and Tenant have signed this Third Amendment as of the 27 th day of March, 2020. 

LANDLORD 
 
 TENANT 

Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, a Wisconsin limited partnership 
 
 Accuray Incorporated 

By: Gialamas Family Holdings, LLC, its General Partner 
 
 1310 Chesapeake Terrace Sunnyvale, CA 94089 

8040 Excelsior Drive, Suite 200 
 
 Attn: CFO and General Counsel 

Madison WI 53717 

By: /s/ Dennis Sandora 
 
 By: /s/ Jesse Chew 

Dennis Sandora 
 
 Name: Jesse Chew 

Director 
 
 Title: General Counsel 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 7
 aray-ex10_5.htm
 EX-10.5

EX-10.5 

Exhibit 10.5 
 FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE 
 
 THIS FOURTH AMENDMENT TO LEASE (this Fourth Amendment dated as of the 19 th day of August 2022 (the Effective Date is between Deming Way Property Group LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company Landlord ), and Accuray Incorporated, a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 
 Recitals: 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord is the current landlord under the Lease (defined herein), and Tenant is the current tenant under the Lease; and 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the Lease, Tenant occupies certain premises consisting of approximately 61,410 rentable square feet of office space plus 	 below grade bunkers in Landlord's building located at 1240 Deming Way, City of Madison, Dane County, Wisconsin (the Premises and 
 
 WHEREAS, Landlord and Tenant desire to enter into this Fourth Amendment in connection with the extension of the term of the Lease, all as set forth herein. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, Landlord and Tenant agree as follows: 
 
 1. Interpretation: Capitalized Terms . As used in this Fourth Amendment, the term Lease means those documents identified on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein as modified by this Fourth Amendment. Undefined capitalized terms used in this Fourth Amendment shall have the meanings given to them in the Lease. References in this Amendment to the Original Lease shall mean the October 22, 2001 Office Lease Agreement identified as No. 1 in Exhibit A . 
 
 3. Term of the Lease . The term of the Lease for the Premises shall be extended through June 30, 2035 (the Extension Term ). Except where otherwise expressly stated, or reasonably required by the context of usage, references in the Lease to Term shall include the Extension Term and, if Tenant exercises the renewal option under Section 6 below, the Renewal Term. 

4. Abatement of Base Rent for the Premises . Base Rent shall abate entirely for the Premises for the months of September 2022 and October 2022. 

5. Base Rent for the Premises . Except as set forth in Section 4 above, Tenant shall continue to pay Base Rent on the Premises at the rate set forth in the Lease through June 30, 2025. Commencing on July 1, 2025, and continuing through the Extension Term, Tenant shall pay Base Rent for the Premises, as follows: 

PREMISES (61,410 Rentable Square Feet) 

Extension Term 
 Monthly Base Rent 
 PRSF 
 Annual Base Rent 

July 1, 2025 through June 30, 2026 
 104,908.75 
 20.50 
 1,258,905.00 

July 1, 2026 through June 30, 2027 
 107,467.50 
 21.00 
 1,289,610.00 

July 1, 2027 through June 30, 2028 
 110,026.25 
 21.50 
 1,320,315.00 

July 1, 2028 through June 30, 2029 
 112,585.00 
 22.00 
 1,351,020.00 

July 1, 2029 through June 30, 2030 
 115,143.75 
 22.50 
 1,381,725.00 

July 1, 2030 through June 30, 2031 
 117,702.50 
 23.00 
 1,412,430.00 

July 1, 2031 through June 30, 2032 
 120,261.25 
 23.50 
 1,443,135.00 

July 1, 2032 through June 30, 2033 
 122,820.00 
 24.00 
 1,473,840.00 

July 1, 2033 through June 30, 2034 
 125,378.75 
 24.50 
 1,504,545.00 

July 1, 2034 through June 30, 2035 
 127,937.50 
 25.00 
 1,535,250.00 

6. Option to Renew . Provided that Tenant is not in Default in the performance of the terms and conditions of the Lease, Tenant shall have the right to renew the term of the Lease for one (1) additional term of five (5) years (the Renewal Term on the following terms and conditions: 

A) To renew the term of the Lease, Tenant shall give Landlord written notice at least three hundred sixty-five (365) days prior to the expiration of the Extension Term of Tenant s intent to exercise its right to renew the term hereof. If Tenant fails to give Landlord the required notice to renew the term of the Lease, as set forth in this Section 6, then Tenant s right to extend the term of the Lease hereunder shall fully and forever terminate and be forfeit without any further notice to Tenant or without any further action by Landlord. Time is of the essence as to the notice deadlines and notice requirements contained in this Section 6. Any renewal of the Lease shall be upon the same terms and conditions as are set forth herein unless specifically provided otherwise herein. 

B) Base Rent for the Renewal Term shall be at the current fair market value rate for the Premises as determined pursuant to this Section 6. Within thirty (30) days after Tenant timely exercises its right to renew the term of this Lease for the Renewal Term (the Negotiation Period ), Landlord and Tenant shall negotiate in good faith to determine the fair market rental rate payable for the Renewal Term, which rate shall include rent, free rent, tenant improvement allowances, brokerage commissions, base years and other means for payment of operating expenses and taxes, construction time and all other lease concessions which non-renewing, non-equity tenants are then receiving in connection with the lease of comparable space in buildings that are comparable to the Building in terms of age, quality, size, location, services, amenities, quality of construction and appearance, and all other factors relevant to the determination of the fair market rental rate for the Renewal Term. 

C) In the event Landlord and Tenant cannot agree on the Base Rent payable by Tenant to Landlord for the Renewal Term within the Negotiation Period, then within twenty (20) days after the end of the Negotiation Period, Landlord and Tenant shall each select an arbitrator Tenant s Arbitrator and Landlord s Arbitrator , respectively) who shall be licensed in the State of Wisconsin as an MAI appraiser with at least five (5) years of experience in appraising the type of matters for which they are called on to appraise hereunder in the Madison, Wisconsin metropolitan area. Landlord s Arbitrator and Tenant s Arbitrator shall name a neutral third arbitrator, similarly qualified, within twenty (20) days after the appointment of Landlord s Arbitrator and Tenant s Arbitrator Neutral Arbitrator ). The Neutral Arbitrator must be someone with whom neither Landlord nor Tenant has had any material business dealings within the preceding ten (10) years. The Neutral Arbitrator shall, after consideration of the factors to be taken into account under the definition of fair market rent and hearing whatever evidence the Neutral Arbitrator deems appropriate from Landlord, Tenant and others, and obtaining any other information the 

arbitrator deems necessary, in good faith, make its own determination of the fair market rental rate for the Premises as of the commencement of the Renewal Term and for the duration of the Renewal Term (the Final Determination ), such Final Determination to be made within forty-five (45) days after the appointment of the Neutral Arbitrator. In no event will the Final Determination set the Base Rent at a rate higher than the fair market value for the Premises proposed by Landlord s Arbitrator or at a rate lower than the fair market value for the Premises proposed by Tenant s Arbitrator. The Neutral Arbitrator s Final Determination and the market information upon which such determination is based shall 

be in writing and counterparts thereof shall be delivered to Landlord and Tenant within said forty-five (45) day period. The Neutral Arbitrator shall have no right or ability to determine the fair market rental rate in any other manner. The Final Determination shall be binding upon the parties hereto. The costs and fees of the Neutral Arbitrator shall be split equally by Landlord and Tenant. If Tenant s Arbitrator and Landlord s Arbitrator fail to appoint the Neutral Arbitrator within the time and in the manner prescribed herein, then Landlord and Tenant shall jointly and promptly apply to the local office of the American Arbitration Association for the appointment of the third arbitrator. 
 
 7. Tenant Improvement Allowance . Landlord shall provide to Tenant an allowance not to exceed the sum of 30.00 per rentable square foot of the Premises (i.e. 61,410 rentable square feet multiplied by 30.00/RSF equals 1,842,300.00); (collectively the Improvement Allowance ). The Improvement Allowance shall be used solely for (a) construction and improvements in the Premises contemplated by and approved by Landlord pursuant to the provisions of the Lease, or (b) construction and improvements in the building located at 1209 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin 1209 Building ), approved by the owner of the 1209 Building (the Tenant Improvements ). Tenant may allocate the Improvement Allowance between or among the Premises and the 1209 Building as Tenant sees fit, in its sole discretion. All work completed using the Improvement Allowance shall be on an open-book basis, and for the Tenant Improvements to the Premises Tenant shall retain Iconica Incorporated Iconica to undertake and complete any and all work utilizing the Improvement Allowance. In order for Landlord to be responsible for payment of any portion of the Improvement Allowance, Tenant shall not be in Default of any term or condition of this Lease. The Improvement Allowance shall be used for design, engineering, construction, cabling, project management fees, permit fees, IT expenses, purchase and installation of fixtures, signage, and other hard and soft costs related to the Tenant Improvements to the Premises or the 1209 Building. Subject to Landlord s prior written approval, which Landlord shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay, Tenant shall have the right to use its own contractors, architects and design professionals to complete any Tenant Improvements. In the event the Tenant Improvements to the Premises or 1209 Building cost less than the amount of the Improvement Allowance, Tenant shall be entitled to apply unused Improvement Allowance to Base Rent. In the event the Tenant Improvements cost more than the amount of the Improvement Allowance, Tenant shall be responsible for any amounts over and above the amount of the Improvement Allowance. To draw any portion of the Improvement Allowance, Tenant shall provide Landlord with a written draw request itemizing the work Tenant has completed in the Premises or 1209 Building and customary lien waivers from each contractor or subcontractor equaling the amount of such payment request. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by Landlord and Tenant, Landlord shall not charge any supervisory, construction management or oversight fees in conjunction with the application of the Improvement Allowance. Any portion of the Improvement Allowance unused on December 31, 2025, shall be applied to Base Rent next due until such unused Improvement Allowance is fully utilized. 

8. Brokers. Tenant represents that Tenant has not dealt with any real estate broker, sales person, or finder in connection with this Fourth Amendment other than Colliers International, and no other broker, salesperson or finder initiated or participated in the negotiation of this Fourth Amendment on behalf of Tenant. Landlord agrees to pay a commission to Colliers International pursuant to a separate written agreement. Other than Colliers International, Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify, protect, defend and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all liabilities and claims for commissions and fees arising out of a breach of its foregoing representation. The foregoing indemnifications shall survive the expiration or termination of the Lease for any reason. 

9. Notices. Future notices to Landlord shall be sent in accordance with the provisions of the 

Lease to the following address: 

If to Landlord: 
 Deming Way Property Group LLC c/o SARA Investment Real Estate LLC 1955 Atwood Avenue Madison, WI 53704 

10. Cost Thresholds for Alterations. The cost threshold for minor decorations in Original Lease Section 4.01(a) is increased to 50,000. The cost threshold for Alterations under Original Lease Section 4.01(c)(vii) is increased from 10,000 to 150,000. 

11. No Default. Landlord and Tenant each represents and warrants to the other that, as of the Effective Date, to the best of such party s knowledge, neither Landlord nor Tenant is in default of any of their respective obligations under the Lease (as in effect prior to this Fourth Amendment), and no event has occurred that, with the passage of time or the giving of notice (or both) would constitute a default by either Landlord or Tenant thereunder. 

12. Authority. Tenant represents and warrants to Landlord that (a) the individual or individuals signing this Fourth Amendment on behalf of Tenant have the power, authority and legal capacity to sign this Fourth Amendment on behalf of and to bind Tenant; (b) no consent or approval of any third party is required in connection with Tenant s entry into this Fourth Amendment; and (c) neither Tenant s entry into nor its performance under this Fourth Amendment violates or otherwise conflicts with any agreement to which Tenant is a party or any judgment, order or decree by which Tenant is bound. Landlord represents and warrants to Tenant that (i) the individual or individuals signing this Fourth Amendment on behalf of Landlord have the power, authority and legal capacity to sign this Fourth Amendment on behalf of and to bind Landlord; (ii) no consent or approval of any third party is required in connection with Landlord s entry into this Fourth Amendment; and (iii) neither Landlord s entry into nor its performance under this Fourth Amendment violates or otherwise conflicts with any agreement to which Landlord is a party or any judgment, order or decree by which Landlord is bound. 

13. Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment. Landlord shall obtain from any lender holding a loan secured by a mortgage or deed of trust (or like instrument) encumbering the Premises Lender a subordination, non-disturbance and attornment agreement SNDA with Tenant assuring that, so long as Tenant is not in Default under the Lease Lender will not disturb Tenant s right to possession of the Premises and, upon the occurrence of any foreclosure-related disposition, the successor-in-interest to Landlord shall recognize the Lease and Tenant s rights thereunder, subject to customary exclusions for certain pre-foreclosure obligations of Landlord. Landlord shall join in executing such SNDA. The agreed upon form of SNDA is attached hereto as Exhibit B and incorporated herein. 

14. Offset Right . If Landlord defaults in funding the Improvement Allowance and such failure continues for more than thirty (30) days after written demand by Tenant, Tenant shall have the right to offset such unfunded Improvement Allowance against Base Rent until Tenant recovers the full amount thereof. 

15. SNDA . The cross-reference in Section 8.01(a) of the Original Lease to Section 8.04(b) is revised to read Section 8.04 and the following is added to the Lease as new Section 8.04: As a condition to the subordination of this Lease to any future mortgage or deed of trust (or like instrument) encumbering the Premises, Landlord shall obtain from the holder thereof Holder a non-disturbance 

and attornment agreement in customary form assuring that, so long as Tenant is not in default under the Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure period, no foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure or other disposition of the Premises will result in any disturbance to Tenant s right to possession and will require the Holder or foreclosure purchaser to recognize the Lease, subject to customary exclusions for liabilities of Landlord accruing prior to the foreclosure or like disposition. 
 
 16. Reinstatement . Upon expiration of the Term or earlier termination of the Lease, Tenant shall be permitted to return the below grade bunkers in their then existing condition, as is and with all faults , except that Tenant shall remove Tenant s trade fixtures, equipment and other personal property and repair any material damage to the bunkers caused by Tenant s removal thereof. 

17. Tenant Financial Information . In the event the shares of Tenant are not publicly traded, Tenant shall, not more than two (2) times per calendar year during the Term of this Lease, upon the written request of Landlord, deliver to Landlord and any lender designated by Landlord, such financial information concerning Tenant as may be reasonably required by Landlord or Landlord s lender or prospective lender. Such statements shall include, but shall not be limited to: (i) current financial statements and income statements, (ii) current balance sheet, (iii) current federal and state tax returns, 

(iii) such other financial information as Landlord may reasonably request. Tenant may condition the delivery of such financial information upon the due execution by both Landlord and its lender or prospective lender, and the delivery to Tenant, of one or more non-disclosure agreements in commercially reasonable form obligating each such person to preserve and protect the confidentiality of financial information supplied by Tenant. Tenant is not required to supply any financial information duplicating that previously furnished by Tenant under this section or which pertains to a period when Tenant s shares were publicly traded. 
 
 18. Entire Agreement. This Fourth Amendment constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter herein contained and all prior negotiations with respect to the subject matter herein contained are merged into and incorporated in this Fourth Amendment. In the event of any conflict between this Fourth Amendment and the Lease, this Fourth Amendment will control. Except as amended by this Fourth Amendment, the Lease remains in full force and effect. 

19. Counterparts: Facsimile. This Fourth Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Fourth Amendment may be executed by facsimile signature or signature sent as a .pdf (portable digital format) document. 

[SIGNATURES ON FOLLOWING PAGE] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this Fourth Amendment as of the date first set forth above. 

Landlord: DEMING WAY PROPERTY GROUP LLC a Wisconsin limited liability company By: Sara Investment Real Estate LLC, Manager By: /s/ Eric M. Schwartz Eric M. Schwartz, President CEO 
 Tenant: ACCURAY INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Jesse Chew 

Exhibit A 
 The Lease 
 
 The Lease as used in this Fourth Amendment, means collectively, the following documents, as amended by the Fourth Amendment: 
 
 1. Office Lease Agreement dated October 22, 2001, between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, as landlord, and TomoTherapy Incorporated, as tenant Original Lease ). 

2. Addendum to Lease dated October 28, 2005, between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, as landlord, and TomoTherapy Incorporated, as tenant Addendum ). 

3. First Amendment to Lease dated May 1, 2004, between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, as landlord, and TomoTherapy Incorporated, as tenant First Amendment ). 

4. Assignment of Lease dated June 1, 2013, from TomoTherapy Incorporated to Accuray Incorporated 2013 Assignment ). 

5. Second Amendment to Lease October 19, 2016, between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, as landlord, and Accuray Incorporated, as tenant Second Amendment ). 

6. Third Amendment to Lease dated March 27, 2020, between Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, as landlord, and Accuray Incorporated, as tenant Third Amendment ). 

7. Assignment and Assumption of Lease dated March 31, 2020, from Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership and Deming Way Property Group LLC 2020 Assignment ). 

Exhibit B Form of SNDA 
 
 SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT 
 1240 Deming Way, Madison, Wisconsin 
 
 THIS SUBORDINATION, NON-DISTURBANCE AND ATTORNMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is made as of 	 , 2022 (the Effective Date ), among Bell Bank, a North Dakota banking corporation Lender ), Deming Way Property Group LLC, a Wisconsin limited liability company Landlord ), and Accuray Incorporated, a Delaware corporation Tenant ). 
 
 RECITALS: 
 
 A. Landlord and Tenant have entered into that certain lease described on the attached Exhibit A (as amended, the Lease whereby Tenant has leased the premises described therein Leased Premises located on the real property located at 1240 Deming Way, in Madison, Wisconsin which is legally described on Exhibit B attached hereto and made a part hereof (together such real property and buildings thereon are collectively referred to as Property ). 

B. As security for certain financial accommodations from Lender to Landlord (collectively, the Loan ), Landlord has or will execute and deliver a Mortgage covering the Leased Premises (as such mortgage may be increased, amended, modified, supplemented, consolidated, or extended, the Mortgage ). 

C. Lender has required the execution of this Agreement as a condition to making the Loan to Landlord. 

D. Lender, Landlord and Tenant have agreed to the following with respect to their mutual rights and obligations pursuant to and under the Lease and the Mortgage. 

AGREEMENT: 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Subordination . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, including without limitation Section 2 of this Agreement, all of Tenant s right, title and interest in and to the Leased Premises, the Lease and all rights of Tenant under the Lease are and shall remain unconditionally subject and subordinate to the Mortgage in all respects. 

2. Non-Disturbance . Provided that the Lease is then in full force and effect and Tenant is not then in default under the Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure periods which would entitle Landlord to terminate the Lease according to its terms, Tenant s possession and operation of the Leased Premises in the Property shall not be disturbed for any reason, except as provided in the Lease, and the Lease shall not be extinguished or terminated by an action or proceeding to foreclose or otherwise enforce the Mortgage or by a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure, but rather, the Lease shall continue in full force and effect and the owner of the Property following a foreclosure sale or conveyance in lieu of foreclosure New Owner shall recognize and accept Tenant as the tenant under the Lease. 

3. Attornment . Upon Tenant s receipt of notice that Lender or any other party has become the New Owner, Tenant will attorn to and recognize such New Owner as its substitute landlord under the Lease. Tenant s attornment to and recognition of New Owner pursuant to this Agreement will be effective and self-operative immediately upon Tenant s receipt of such notice without the execution or delivery of any further instrument. Upon New Owner s or Tenant s request, Tenant and New Owner will execute and deliver a commercially reasonable instrument acknowledging the validity of the Lease and New Owner s obligations as the Landlord thereunder and Tenant s attornment to and recognition of New Owner. 

4. New Owner . New Owner will be bound, as the landlord, to Tenant under all covenants and conditions of the Lease for the remainder of the term of the Lease and any renewal or extension thereof pursuant to the terms of the Lease, which (provided the Lease is then in full force and effect and Tenant is not then in default under the Lease beyond any applicable notice and cure periods provided in the Lease) New Owner shall be deemed to have agreed to assume and perform by acquiring title to and possession of the Property, and Tenant shall, from and after the date New Owner succeeds to the interest of the landlord under the Lease, have the same remedies against New Owner for the breach of any covenant contained in the Lease that Tenant might have had under the Lease against Landlord if New Owner had not succeeded to the interest of the landlord , except that New Owner: 

a. will not be bound by any modification or amendment to the Lease entered into without Lender s written consent; provided, however, that for purposes of this paragraph a modification or amendment to the Lease shall not include any (i) modification or amendment resulting from a change of the Rules as contemplated in Section 9.01(a) of the Lease; and (ii) exercise of existing rights of Landlord (or New Owner) or Tenant in the Lease as of the date of this Agreement. 

b. will not be bound by any termination of the Lease, in whole or in part, agreed to between Landlord and Tenant without New Owner s consent, except as such termination is expressly provided for in the Lease; 

c. will not be liable for any security deposit paid by Tenant to Landlord, except to the extent actually received by New Owner; and 

d. will not be liable for any act or omission by any prior or subsequent landlord under the Lease which occurs prior to the date Acquisition Date that New Owner acquires title to and possession of the Property, nor subject to any right of offset or defense which Tenant may have against any prior landlord. Notwithstanding the foregoing, New Owner will be: 

(1) obligated to cure any continuing default under the Lease which has continued beyond applicable notice and cure periods, and provided that Tenant had provided Lender (or New Owner, upon Tenant s receipt of written notice of such New Owner) with written notice of such default prior to the Acquisition Date, and provided that in no event shall New Owner be (a) liable in damages to Tenant for such act or omission (except to the extent New Owner fails to cure such continuing default and Tenant has provided Lender (or New Owner, upon Tenant s receipt of written notice of such New Owner) written notice of such default prior to the Acquisition Date), or (b) responsible to pay any monetary amounts owing from any prior landlord. 

(2) subject to any right of offset from rent which the Lease expressly affords to Tenant, but only to the extent that the basis for such offset remains uncured and only to the extent of Tenant s direct and actual expenses or losses which arise from and after the date of Tenant s written notice to Lender of the basis for such offset. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if Lender becomes the owner of the Property through foreclosure of the Mortgage, deed in lieu of foreclosure or by other exercise of Lender s remedies under the Mortgage, the liability of Lender shall be limited to its interest in the Property and in no event shall Lender have any personal liability to Tenant. Upon any sale or transfer by a New Owner of its interest in the Leased Premises after acquiring title to the same, said New Owner shall thereupon be automatically released and discharged from all liability accruing under the Lease from and after the Acquisition Date provided that the transferee expressly assumes the obligations under the Lease. 
 
 5. Estoppel Certifications. With the understanding that Lender will rely upon the statements and representations made herein, Tenant hereby certifies to Lender, its successors and assigns, that as of the date hereof: (a) the Lease is in full force and effect and is the valid and binding obligation of Tenant, enforceable in accordance with its terms; (b) neither Tenant nor, to Tenant s knowledge, Landlord is in default under the Lease and, to Tenant s knowledge, no event has occurred and no condition exists, which with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would constitute a default by Tenant or Landlord under the Lease; (c) there are, to the best of Tenant s knowledge, no defenses, counterclaims or offsets against rents or charges due or which may become due under the Lease; and (d) the Lease sets forth all of the agreements and understandings between Landlord and Tenant with respect to the Leased Premises and Tenant has not assigned, sublet or otherwise transferred its interest under the Lease. 

6. Miscellaneous . 

a. Notices . All notices under this Agreement must be in writing and must be sent by personal delivery, by United States registered or certified mail (postage prepaid), by facsimile (with a copy sent the same day by one of the other prescribed methods of delivery) or by an independent overnight courier service, addressed to the addresses specified below or at such other place as a party may designate to the other parties by written notice given in accordance with this section. Notices given by mail are deemed effective three business days after the party sending the notice deposits the notice with the United States Post Office. Notices given by facsimile are deemed effective on the day transmitted. Notices delivered by courier are deemed effective on the next business day after the day the party delivering the notice timely deposits the notice with the courier for overnight (next day) delivery. 

If to Lender: 
 Bell Bank The Colonnade 5500 Wayzata Boulevard Minneapolis, MN 55416 Attention: Kelly Manke Facsimile: 952-746-1404 

If to Landlord: 
 Deming Way Property Group LLC 1955 Atwood Avenue Madison, WI 53704 Attention: Eric M. Schwartz Facsimile: 608-237-7695 

If to Tenant: 
 Accuray Incorporated 1310 Chesapeake Terrace Sunnyvale, CA 94089 Attention: CFO, General Counsel 

b. Notice of Default . Landlord agrees to provide Lender with a copy of any notice or other correspondence from Tenant regarding a default in the performance of the obligations of Landlord under the Lease. Lender shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cure any such default. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless Lender otherwise agrees in writing to assume any obligations of Landlord under the Lease or Lender becomes the New Owner, Landlord shall remain solely liable to perform Landlord s obligations under the Lease, both before and after Lender s exercise of any cure right under this Agreement. 

c. No Advance Rent . Except as may be required by the Lease, Tenant will not pay rent or any other sums due under the Lease more than one month in advance of its due date, except with the written consent of Lender. 

d. Assignment of Rents . Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that Lender is entitled, pursuant to an assignment of leases and rents set forth the Mortgage, to receive and collect all rent payable under the Lease directly from Tenant. Tenant agrees to pay all of said rent directly to Lender upon receipt of a written request from Lender. Until Tenant receives such request and notice from Lender, Tenant will pay all of said rent to Landlord in accordance with the provisions of the Lease. Upon Tenant s receipt of such request and notice, Tenant will not be required to determine whether Landlord is in default under the Loan or the Mortgage. Landlord acknowledges that Tenant s payment to Lender of rent due under the Lease in accordance with Lender s directions, without inquiry on the part of Tenant, shall constitute payment as required by the Lease for all purposes notwithstanding any countervailing instruction from Landlord at the time of Lender s request. 

e. Successors and Assigns . This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives, successors and assigns, including any New Owner. 

f. Governing Law . This Agreement and the Lease will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the state where the Property is located. 

g. Counterparts . This Agreement may be signed in counterparts and each counterpart shall be effective as an original when counterparts have been signed by all parties. Tenant shall provide to Lender a notarized signature to this Agreement within forty-five (45) days of the date hereof, or such later date as reasonably practical if an event of force majeure continues beyond such date. 

h. Tenant s Fixtures . Neither the Mortgage nor any other security interest executed in connection with the Mortgage shall cover or be construed as subjecting in any manner to the lien of the Mortgage, any trade fixtures, signs or other personal property at any time furnished or installed by or for Tenant or its subtenants or licensees on the Leased Premises regardless of the manner or mode of attachment. 

[Signature page follows.] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement has been duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 

LENDER: 

BELL BANK, a North Dakota banking corporation 

By:______________________________________ 

Name: Kelly Make 

Title: Senior Vice President 

STATE OF______________________________ 

ss. 

COUNTY OF______________________________ 

The foregoing was acknowledged before me this day of 	 , 2022, by Kelly Manke, a Senior Vice President of Bell Bank, a North Dakota banking corporation, on behalf of the corporation. 
 
 Notary Public 

Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement (1240 Deming Way, Madison, WI) 

LANDLORD: 

DEMING WAY PROPERTY GROUP LLC By Sara Investment Real Estate, LLC, its Manager 

By:___________________________________ 

Name: Eric M. Schwartz 

Title: President CEO 

STATE OF WISCONSIN 

ss. 

COUNTY OF DANE_____________________ 

The foregoing was acknowledged before me this day of 	 , 2022, by Eric M. Schwartz, the President CEO of Sara Investment Real Estate LLC, the manager of Deming Way Property Group LLC, on behalf of such entity. 
 
 ___________________________ 
 Notary Public 
 My commission:___________________	 

Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement (1240 Deming Way, Madison, WI) 

TENANT: 

ACCURAY INCORPORATED 

By:_____________________________________ 

Name:_________________________________ 

Its: _____________________ 

STATE OF______________________________ 

ss. 

COUNTY OF______________________________ 

The foregoing was acknowledged before me this 	 day of 	 , 2022, by 
 	 ,	the	 	 of	 	 ,	a 
 	 on behalf of such entity. 

________________________________ 
 Notary Public 
 My commission:___________________	 

Subordination, Non-Disturbance and Attornment Agreement (1240 Deming Way, Madison, WI) 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 Lease 
 
 Office Lease dated October 22, 2001 between Landlord (as successor in interest to Old Sauk Trails Park Limited Partnership, a Wisconsin limited partnership) and Tenant (as successor in interest to Tomotherapy Incorporated, a Wisconsin corporation), as accompanied by that certain Addendum to Lease dated October 22, 2001 between Landlord and Tenant, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 1) dated October 22, 2001 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 2) dated March 8, 2002 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 3) dated May 2002 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 4) dated January 30, 2004 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 5) dated April 2004 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Lease dated May 1, 2004, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 6) dated January 26, 2005 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 7) dated November 16, 2012 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as assigned by that certain 1240 Deming Way, Madison, WI, Assignment of Lease to Accuray Incorporated effective June 1, 2013, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Lease dated October 19, 2016, as further memorialized by that certain Reference Data (No. 8) dated October 19, 2016 executed by Landlord and Tenant, as further amended by that certain Third Amendment to Lease dated March 27, 2020, as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Lease dated [ 	 ], 2022. 

EXHIBIT B 
 
 Legal Description 
 
 PARCEL A: 
 LOTS SIXTY-FIVE (65) AND SIXTY-SIX (66) OLD SAUK TRAILS PARK SIXTH ADDITION, IN THE CITY OF MADISON, DANE COUNTY, WISCONSIN. 
 PARCEL B: 
 TOGETHER WITH EASEMENT ESTABLISHED IN ENCROACHMENT AGREEMENT RECORDED MAY 16, 2006 AS DOCUMENT NO. 4192227 AND BY FIRST AMENDMENT TO ENCROACHMENT AGREEMENT RECORDED MAY 16, 2007 AS DOCUMENT NO. 4309999. 
 FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSE ONLY: 
 PROPERTY ADDRESSES: 1240 DEMING WAY 1425 N. PLEASANT VIEW ROAD, MADISON WI TAX PARCEL NO. 251/0708-152-0103-6 251/0708-152-0102-8 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 aray-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name 
 
 State or Jurisdiction of Organization 

Accuray International SARL 
 
 Switzerland 

Accuray Europe SAS 
 
 France 

Accuray UK, Ltd. 
 
 United Kingdom 

Accuray Asia Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong 

Accuray Japan K.K. 
 
 Japan 

Accuray Korea Limited Company 
 
 Korea 

Accuray Spain, S.L.U. 
 
 Spain 

Accuray Medical Equipment (India) Private Limited 
 
 India 

Accuray Medical Equipment (Rus) LLC. 
 
 Russia 

Accuray Medical Equipment GmbH 
 
 Germany 

Accuray Medical Equipment (Canada) Ltd. 
 
 Canada 

Accuray Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Accuray Medical Equipment (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 

Accuray Medical Equipment (SG) Private Limited 
 
 Singapore 

Accuray Brasil Com rcio, Importa o e Exporta o de Equipamentos M dicos Ltda 
 
 Brazil 

Accuray Belgium BV 
 
 Belgium 

Accuray Italy S.R.L 
 
 Italy 

Accuray Accelerator Technology (Chengdu) Company Limited 
 
 China 

TomoTherapy Incorporated 
 
 Wisconsin, United States 

Merged into Accuray Incorporated effective July 31, 2023. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 aray-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our reports dated September 7, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Accuray Incorporated on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Accuray Incorporated on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-268612, File No. 333-265330, File No. 333-255701, File No. 333-251038, File No. 333-236772, File No. 333-234412, File No. 333-228615, File No. 333-224547, File No. 333-220698, File No. 333-214833, File No. 333-213295, File No. 333-207865, File No. 333- 199997, File No. 333-174952, File No. 333-169139, File No. 333-166606, File No. 333-157120, File No. 333-141194, File No. 333-141195 and File No. 333-141197). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 September 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 aray-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Suzanne Winter, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Accuray Incorporated, a Delaware corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusion about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 7, 2023 

/s/ Suzanne Winter 

Suzanne Winter 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 aray-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ali Pervaiz, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Accuray Incorporated, a Delaware corporation; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusion about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 7, 2023 

/s/ Ali Pervaiz 

Ali Pervaiz 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 aray-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officers of Accuray Incorporated, a Delaware corporation (the Company ), hereby certify, to such officers knowledge, that: 
 (i)	the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10 K of the Company for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (ii)	the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date: September 7, 2023 

/s/ Suzanne Winter 

Suzanne Winter 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ali Pervaiz 

Ali Pervaiz 

Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 aray-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 aray-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 aray-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 aray-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 22
 aray-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

