<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1785494_0001140361-23-045568.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7860017</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>289458</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1225406</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3279720</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1443412</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1212482</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-045568.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230927194223
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-045568
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230927

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Woodbridge Liquidation Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001785494
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				367730868
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56115
		FILM NUMBER:		231285860

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AKERMAN LLP, LAS OLAS CENTER II
		STREET 2:		350 EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954 4632700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O AKERMAN LLP, LAS OLAS CENTER II
		STREET 2:		350 EAST LAS OLAS BOULEVARD, SUITE 1600
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33301

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-045568.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 brhc20058377_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from _______ to _______

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

,

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered

N/A 

N/A

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Class A Liquidation Trust Interests

(Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be
 submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a
 smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period
 for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the
 effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 762(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
 the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
 registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
 Act). Yes No 

At December 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
 market value of the registrant s Class A Liquidation Trust Interests held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
 million based upon the average bid and ask price of 2.50. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 11.44 million Class A Liquidation Trust Interests held by non-affiliates.

APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY

PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS:

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None

Table of Contents

Page 

Part I 

Item 1.

Business 

1

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

21

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

29 

Item 1C. 

Cybersecurity 

29 

Item 2.

Properties 

29 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

30

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

35

Part II 

Item 5.

Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

36

Item 6.

[Reserved] 

37 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

38 

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

47 

Item 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

47 

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

47 

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

47 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

47 

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

47 

Part III 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

48 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

51 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

58 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

59 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

62 

Part IV 

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

63 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The Woodbridge Liquidation Trust (the Trust is a Delaware statutory trust. It was formed on February 15, 2019, the effective date (the Plan Effective Date of the First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation dated August 22, 2018 of Woodbridge Group of Companies, LLC and Its Affiliated Debtors (the Plan ). The Trust was formed to implement the
 terms of the Plan. The Plan was confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court on October 26, 2018 in the jointly administered chapter 11 bankruptcy cases (the Bankruptcy Cases of Woodbridge Group of Companies, LLC and its affiliated chapter 11 debtors (collectively, the Debtors ), Case No. 17-12560 (JKS).

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ), all beneficial interests in the Trust, including both Class A Liquidation Trust Interests Class A Interests and Class B Liquidation Trust Interests Class B Interests ), are collectively referred to as Liquidation Trust Interests . 

The material terms of the Plan which relate to holders of Liquidation Trust Interests (the Interestholders are described in this Annual Report, as well as in the Disclosure Statement for the First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation of The Woodbridge Group of Companies, LLC and Its Affiliated Debtors (the Disclosure Statement ). The Disclosure Statement
 was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on August 22, 2018 and was distributed or made available to creditors of the Debtors and other parties in interest pursuant to Section 1125 of Title 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code ).

A copy of the Plan is referenced as Exhibit 2.1 to this Annual Report. A copy of the order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan is referenced as Exhibit 99.1 hereto.

Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements .
 This Annual Report, and other filings by the Trust with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), or written statements made by the Trust in press releases or
 in other communications, oral or written, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as codified in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act 
 and, together with the Securities Act, the Acts ). Such statements include, without limitation, statements (other than historical facts) that address future plans,
 goals, expectations, activities, events or developments. The Trust has tried, where possible, to use words such as anticipates , if , believes, estimates, plans, expects, intends, forecasts , initiative, objective , goal,
 projects , outlook , priorities , target , evaluate , pursue , seek , potential , continue , designed , impact , may , could , would , should , will and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
 statements are based on current expectations and are subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control and not of all of which can be predicted by the Trust. Such risks and uncertainties include
 the amount of funds needed for construction defect and other claims, the amount of general and administrative costs, the number and amount of successful litigations and/or settlements and the ability to recover thereon, the amount of funding
 required to continue litigations, changes in tax and other governmental rules and regulations applicable to the Trust and its subsidiaries, and other risks identified and described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report. Accordingly,
 the Trust cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statements will be realized, as actual results may differ materially from those identified or implied in any forward-looking statement. These risks and uncertainties are beyond the ability of
 the Trust to control, and in many cases, the Trust cannot predict the risks and uncertainties that could cause its actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements.

In connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Acts, the Trust has identified and is disclosing important factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause its actual
 results to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements made by the Trust, or on the Trust s behalf. (See Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report.) These cautionary statements are to be used as a reference in
 connection with any forward-looking statements. The factors, risks and uncertainties identified in these cautionary statements are in addition to those contained in any other cautionary statements, written or oral, which may be made or otherwise
 addressed in connection with a forward-looking statement or contained in any of the Trust s subsequent filings with the SEC. Because of these factors, risks and uncertainties, the Trust cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking
 statements. Although the Trust believes that the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements are currently reasonable, any of the assumptions could be incorrect or incomplete, and there can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will
 prove to be accurate. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. Except as may be required by law, the Trust does not undertake any obligations to modify, update or revise any forward-looking statement to take into
 account or otherwise reflect subsequent events, corrections in or revisions of underlying assumptions, or changes in circumstances arising after the date that the forward-looking statement was made.

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business 

A. 

Overview 

The Trust and its wholly-owned subsidiary Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC (the Wind-Down Entity were formed pursuant to the Plan. The purpose of the Trust is to prosecute
 various causes of action owned by the Trust (the Causes of Action ), to litigate and resolve claims filed against the Debtors, to pay allowed administrative and priority claims against the Debtors (including professional fees), to receive
 cash from certain sources and, in accordance with the Plan, to make distributions of cash to Interestholders subject to the retention of various reserves and after the payment of Trust expenses and administrative and priority claims. The Trust has
 no other purpose. Sources and potential sources of cash include the net proceeds from settlements of various Causes of Action, remittances of cash distributed from the Wind-Down Entity, Fair Fund recoveries from the SEC, and assets
 forfeited to the U.S. Department of Justice by former owners and principals of the Debtors Forfeited Assets ).

The purpose of the Wind-Down Entity is, through its subsidiaries (the Wind-Down Subsidiaries and, with the Wind-Down Entity, the Wind-Down Group ), to develop (as applicable), market, and sell the real estate
 assets owned by the Wind-Down Subsidiaries to generate cash to be remitted to the Trust after the payment of Wind-Down Group expenses and subject to the retention of various reserves. The Trust, the Remaining Debtors (as defined in Section B of
 this Item 1) and the Wind-Down Group are collectively referred to in this Annual Report as the Company . 

Most of the Debtors filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in December 2017 (certain other Debtors filed cases on later dates). During the Bankruptcy Cases, the major
 constituencies reached agreements on several matters, including new management for the Debtors, the manner and timing of the liquidation of the Debtors assets, and relative priorities to such distributions among creditors. Certain of these
 agreements were embodied in the Plan, which was confirmed in October 2018 and became effective on February 15, 2019. Under the Plan, holders of certain claims against the Debtors received Class A Interests, which became registered pursuant to
 Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act on December 24, 2019.

The Trust will be terminated upon the first to occur of (i) the making of all distributions required to be made and a determination by the Liquidation Trustee
 that the pursuit of additional Causes of Action held by the Trust is not justified or (ii) February 15, 2024. However, the Bankruptcy Court may approve an extension of the term if deemed necessary to facilitate or complete the recovery on, and
 liquidation of, the Trust s assets.

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company concluded that its liquidation activities would not be completed by February 15,
 2024, the current outside termination date of the Trust, for a number of reasons. First, there have been significant delays in certain legal proceedings where the Company is the plaintiff as more fully described in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings".
 Second, a construction defect claim has been asserted against one of the Wind-Down Subsidiaries by the buyer of one of the subsidiary s single-family homes. The subsidiary has tendered the claim to its insurance carrier. At this time, the amount
 of the liability exposure, if any, has not been determined and it is not known if the subsidiary has any exposure in excess of its insurance coverage. The subsidiary is investigating the claim, including the extent and causes of the alleged
 damage and the identification of other potentially responsible persons. Based on the foregoing, the Company currently projects a revised estimated completion date for the Company s operations of approximately March 31, 2026.

The Company is required to file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court to extend the termination date of the Trust beyond February 15,
 2024. The motion is required to be filed within six months before February 15, 2024. The Company expects that the motion will be filed as required and that the Bankruptcy Court will grant the motion as the extension is needed to pursue additional
 Trust actions that are expected to yield additional proceeds to the Trust and to address the construction defect claim.

The Trust is administered by a Liquidation Trustee. The Liquidation Trustee is authorized, subject to the oversight of a six-member
 supervisory board (the Supervisory Board ), to carry out the purposes of the Trust. The Wind-Down Entity was initially managed by a three-member board of managers (the
 Board of Managers ), one of whom was the Chief Executive Officer. The Board of Managers was reduced to two members following the effectiveness of the Chief Executive Officer s resignation on December 31, 2022, and was reduced to one person on
 April 29, 2023, following the sale of the last single-family home and the resignation of Richard Nevins.

1 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

Pursuant to the Plan and the Liquidation Trust Agreement of the Trust (as amended, the Trust Agreement ), a copy of which is referenced as Exhibits 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4 to this Annual Report, distributions to Interestholders are net of any costs and expenses incurred by the Trust, including in
 connection with administering the Trust and litigating or otherwise resolving the various Causes of Action and disputed claims. Amounts withheld from distribution may include cost of collecting, administering, distributing, and liquidating the
 Trust assets such as fees and expenses of the Liquidation Trustee, premiums for directors and officers insurance, and fees and expenses of attorneys and consultants. Furthermore, cash received from the Wind-Down Group is net of the payment of
 Wind-Down Group expenses and the retention of reserves by the Wind-Down Group for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims.

Distributions will be made by the Trust only to the extent that the Trust has sufficient net assets to make such payments in accordance with the Plan and the Trust Agreement. No
 distribution is required to be made to any Interestholder unless such Interestholder is to receive in such distribution at least 10.00. If the Trust mails a distribution check to an Interestholder and the Interestholder fails to cash the check
 within 180 calendar days, or if the Trust mails a distribution check to an Interestholder and such check is returned to the Trust as undeliverable and is not claimed by the Interestholder within 180 days, then the Interestholder may not only lose
 its right to the amount of that distribution, but also may be deemed to have forfeited its right to any reserved and future distributions under the Plan.

Distributions will be made at the sole discretion of the Liquidation Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and the
 Trust Agreement. Since the Plan Effective Date, the Liquidation Trustee and the Supervisory Board have authorized eleven cash distributions to the holders of Class A Interests. On August 3, 2023, at the recommendation of the Liquidation Trustee, the Trust suspended the making of additional Trust distributions pending the result of the investigation of a construction defect claim asserted against one of the Wind-Down Subsidiaries by the buyer of one of the subsidiary's single-family homes. 

Since its inception, the Wind-Down Entity has made substantial progress toward completion of its liquidation
 activities and has liquidated all but two real estate assets with a net carrying value of approximately 0.77 million. Holders of Liquidation Trust Interests are advised that future distributions from the Trust, if any, will be limited and will be
 materially reliant on future recoveries from litigation, net of accrued liquidation costs, including amounts for potential construction defect claims, which are uncertain and the amount and timing of which, if any, are difficult to determine.

2 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

The following table shows the Trust s eleven cash distributions to Class A Interestholders since its February 15, 2019 Plan Effective Date:

The Trust s distributions have primarily come from the net proceeds of real estate sales, except for the ninth distribution, which included the Trust s net proceeds from the
 settlement of litigation against Comerica Bank.

3 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

Reflective of the progress toward the completion of its liquidation activities, the following two tables show the Wind-Down Group s decreasing
 number of real estate assets and amount of net carrying values of the real estate assets since the Plan Effective Date and through June 30, 2023:

The Trust s distributed cash through June 30, 2023, together with its distributions payable as of June 30, 2023, totaled approximately 426.55
 million. The Trust s consolidated net assets in liquidation as of June 30, 2023 were approximately 6.77 million.

4 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

B. 

Organization of the Company 

On the Plan Effective Date, the Plan was implemented, and the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity were formed.

1. 

The Trust

The Trust was established for the benefit of its Interestholders and for the purpose of collecting, administering, distributing and liquidating the Trust assets in accordance with
 the Plan and the Trust Agreement, to resolve disputed claims asserted against the Debtors, to litigate and/or settle the Causes of Action, and to pay certain allowed claims and statutory fees, in each case to the extent required by the Plan. The
 Trust has no objective to continue or engage in the conduct of a trade or business, except to the extent reasonably necessary to, and consistent with, the purpose of the Trust as set forth in the Plan.

By operation of the Plan, (i) the real estate assets of the Debtors were automatically vested in the Wind-Down Group; (ii) all existing equity interests in Woodbridge Group of
 Companies, LLC and Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 1, LLC (together, the Remaining Debtors were cancelled and extinguished and new equity interests in the Remaining Debtors, representing all of the issued and outstanding equity
 interests of the Remaining Debtors, were issued to the Trust; and (iii) all of the Debtors other than the Remaining Debtors were automatically dissolved.

As of the Plan Effective Date, each of the Debtors directors, officers and managers was terminated and the Trust succeeded to all of their powers in respect of the assets vested in
 the Trust. Each of the Debtors other than the Remaining Debtors was automatically dissolved on the Plan Effective Date pursuant to the Plan.

By operation of the Plan, the following assets were transferred to the Trust on the Plan Effective Date:

an aggregate of 5.0 million in cash from the Debtors for the purpose of funding the Trust s initial expenses of operation;

the following Causes of Action: (i) all claims and causes of action formerly held or acquired by the Debtors and (ii) all causes of action contributed by Noteholders or Unitholders (as defined in Section C of
 this Item 1) to the Trust as Contributed Claims pursuant to the Plan;

all of the outstanding membership interests of the Wind-Down Entity; and

certain other non-real estate related assets and entities.

5 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

2. 

The Wind-Down Entity

On the Plan Effective Date and by operation of the Plan, the Wind-Down Entity became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Trust. The
 Wind-Down Entity was organized for the purpose of accepting, holding, and administering the Debtors real estate assets and distributing the net proceeds of liquidating such real estate assets to the Trust in accordance with the Plan and the
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Wind-Down Entity (as amended, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement ), consistent with the purposes of the Trust. As of the Plan
 Effective Date, the Wind-Down Group received, in the aggregate, assets consisting of approximately 31.34 million in cash and approximately 585.01 million of real estate and other assets.

C. 

Material Developments Leading to Confirmation of the Plan 

Prior to the commencement of the Bankruptcy Cases, the Debtors were part of a group of more than 275 affiliated entities formed by, and formerly controlled by, Robert Shapiro Shapiro 

which were used by Shapiro to perpetrate a large-scale Ponzi scheme. As part of the scheme, Shapiro is believed to have used the group of affiliated entities to raise more than 1.22 billion from over 10,000 investors nationwide. Money was raised
 in the form of one of two primary products: (1) five-year private placement products that were styled, marketed or sold as units in Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 1, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 2, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage
 Investment Fund 3, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 3a, LLC, Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 4, LLC, Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 1, LLC, and Woodbridge Commercial Bridge Loan Fund 2, LLC (each, a Fund Debtor and (2)
 purportedly secured promissory products of 12 to 18 months that were styled, marketed or sold as notes, mortgages or loans by one or more Fund Debtors. In this Annual Report, any and all investments, interests or other rights with respect to
 any of the Fund Debtors that were styled, marketed or sold as units are referred to as Units and the holders of Units are referred to as Unitholders . Similarly, in this Annual Report, any and all investments, interests or other
 rights with respect to any of the Fund Debtors that were styled, marketed or sold as notes, mortgages or loans are referred to as Notes and the holders of Notes are referred to as Noteholders . 

The proceeds of the sale of Units and Notes were not used for the purposes that were represented to investors, but were instead used to pay (i) over 400 million of interest and
 principal to existing investors, (ii) approximately 64.5 million in commissions to sales agents engaged in the sale of the investments, and (iii) at least 21.2 million for the personal benefit of Shapiro or his related entities or family
 members (including, for example, the purchase of luxury items, travel, wine, and the like). Additionally, the Debtors and Shapiro used investor funds to purchase at least 193 residential and commercial properties located primarily in Los Angeles,
 California, and Carbondale, Colorado. The Debtors had one segment, known as Riverdale, which did, in fact, originate loans to unrelated third parties, but the dollar amount of these third-party loans was a fraction of the amount of the loans made
 to disguised affiliates.

In the years leading up to the commencement of their Bankruptcy Cases, the Debtors faced a variety of inquiries from state and federal regulators. In particular, in or around
 September 2016, the SEC began investigating certain of the Debtors (and certain non-debtor affiliates) in connection with possible securities law violations, including the alleged offer and sale of unregistered securities, the sale of securities by
 unregistered brokers, and the commission of fraud in connection with the offer, purchase, and sale of securities.

In late 2017, the Debtors found it increasingly difficult to raise new capital from investors. The Debtors were unable to make the December 1, 2017 interest and principal payments
 due on the Notes. Shapiro hired an outside financial restructuring firm and a chief restructuring officer to manage the Debtors on or about December 1, 2017, and on December 4, 2017 chapter 11 bankruptcy cases for 279 of the Debtors were commenced
 (cases for the 27 other Debtors were filed on later dates). An immediate effect of commencement of the Bankruptcy Cases was the imposition of the automatic stay under Bankruptcy Code section 362(a), which, with limited exceptions, enjoined the
 commencement or continuation of all collection efforts by creditors, the enforcement of liens against property of the Debtors, and the continuation of litigation against the Debtors during the pendency of the Bankruptcy Cases. Under Chapter 11 of
 the Bankruptcy Code, a company may continue to operate its business under the supervision of the Bankruptcy Court while it attempts to reorganize.

6 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

As of the commencement of the Bankruptcy Cases, certain discovery-related disputes regarding administrative subpoenas issued by the SEC were proceeding before the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of Florida, but the SEC had not yet asserted any claims against any of the Debtors or their affiliates. Subsequent to the commencement of the Bankruptcy Cases, the SEC commenced legal proceedings in the
 Florida district court against, among other defendants, Shapiro, a trust related to Shapiro or his family, and the Debtors.

In addition to the SEC investigation, certain of the Debtors received information requests from state securities regulators in approximately 25 states. As of the commencement of the
 Bankruptcy Cases, regulators in eight states had filed civil or administrative actions against one or more of the Debtors and certain of their sales agents, alleging they engaged in the unregistered offering of securities in their respective
 jurisdictions and unlawfully acted as unregistered investment advisors or broker-dealers. Six states Massachusetts, Texas, Arizona, Pennsylvania, South Dakota and Michigan entered permanent cease and desist orders against one or more of the Debtors
 related to their alleged unregistered sale of securities. Several of these inquiries were resolved prior to the commencement of the Bankruptcy Cases through settlements, which included the entry of consent orders. Certain of the Debtors entered
 into consent orders with California, Arizona, Michigan, Oregon, Idaho, and Colorado during the Bankruptcy Cases.

On December 14, 2017, the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware (the U.S. Trustee s Office formed the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors
 (the Unsecured Creditors Committee ). On December 20, 2017, the SEC filed its action in the Florida district court, as discussed above, detailing much of the massive fraud perpetrated by Shapiro before the commencement of the Bankruptcy
 Cases. The SEC asked the Florida district court to appoint a receiver who would displace the Debtors management in the Bankruptcy Cases, but the Florida district court declined to immediately act on this request in light of the pending Bankruptcy
 Cases.

On December 28, 2017, the Unsecured Creditors Committee filed a motion seeking appointment of a chapter 11 trustee to replace the Debtors management team, arguing that the team
 was hand-picked by Shapiro, and ha[d] done his bidding both before and after the filing of these cases. The SEC later made a similar request, arguing that the new independent management team was completely aligned [with Shapiro] in controlling
 this bankruptcy. 

On or about January 23, 2018, the Debtors, the Unsecured Creditors Committee, the SEC, and groups of Noteholders and Unitholders entered into a term sheet (the Joint Resolution that resolved the trustee motions and several other matters. The Joint Resolution included, among other provisions, the following key provisions:

A new board of managers (with no ties whatsoever to Shapiro) was formed to govern the Debtors (the New Board ). The New Board consisted of Richard Nevins, M. Freddie Reiss, and Michael Goldberg.

The New Board was empowered to select a CEO or CRO, subject to the consent of the Unsecured Creditors Committee and the SEC.

The New Board was empowered, subject to the SEC s consent, to select new counsel for the Debtors or to re-confirm Gibson Dunn Crutcher LLP as counsel for the Debtors.

The holders of Units were permitted to form a single one- or two-member fiduciary Unitholder committee (the Unitholder Committee to advocate for the interests of Unitholders.

The holders of Notes were permitted to form a single six- to nine-member fiduciary Noteholder committee (the Noteholder Committee to advocate for the interests of Noteholders.

As authorized by the Joint Resolution, the New Board selected Frederick Chin to serve as the Chief Executive Officer and Bradley D. Sharp to serve as the Chief Restructuring Officer
 during the pendency of the Bankruptcy Cases. Under the direction of the New Board, the Debtors also retained and employed Development Specialists, Inc. as the Debtors restructuring advisor and Klee, Tuchin, Bogdanoff Stern LLP (n/k/a KTBS
 Law LLP) as new bankruptcy co-counsel to represent them in the Bankruptcy Cases with Young Conaway Stargatt Taylor LLP.

7 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

On April 16, 2018, the Debtor defendants in the Florida proceedings entered into a consent agreement with the SEC and consented to the entry of a judgment. Under the consent
 agreement and the judgment, the Debtors agreed, among other things, that (i) the Debtor defendants would be permanently enjoined from violations of certain sections of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act; (ii) upon motion of the SEC, the
 Florida district court would determine whether it was appropriate to order disgorgement and/or a civil penalty against the Debtor defendants, and if so, the amount of any such disgorgement and/or civil penalty; and (iii) in connection with any
 hearing regarding disgorgement and/or a civil penalty, inter alia , the Debtor defendants would be precluded from arguing that they did not violate the federal securities laws as alleged in the SEC action
 and the Debtor defendants would not challenge the validity of the consent agreement or judgment. On May 1, 2018, the Bankruptcy Court approved the consent agreement and the judgment. On May 21, 2018, the Florida district court entered the judgment
 against the Debtor defendants in the SEC action and entered an order administratively closing such action. The Debtors reached a settlement with the SEC to resolve the disgorgement and civil penalty claims asserted by the SEC against the Debtor
 defendants.

During the Bankruptcy Cases, the Debtors sold numerous parcels of owned real property, in each case with Bankruptcy Court approval. Additionally, the major constituencies in the
 Bankruptcy Cases reached agreements on several matters, including new management for the Debtors, the manner and timing of the liquidation of the Debtors assets, and the relative priorities to such distributions among creditors, certain of which
 agreements were embodied in the Plan.

Under the Plan, on the Plan Effective Date, former Noteholders, Unitholders, and general unsecured creditors holding allowed claims were granted Class A Interests in exchange for
 their claims. Pursuant to a compromise in the Plan, former Unitholders also received Class B Interests (Unitholders received Class A Interests on account of only 72.5 of their allowed Unit Claims and received Class B Interests on account of the
 remaining 27.5 of their allowed Unit Claims).

The Plan incorporated a netting mechanism for Note and Unit investors whereby such investors received Liquidation Trust Interests based on their Net Note Claim (defined as
 claims arising from or in connection with any Notes) or their Net Unit Claim (defined as claims arising from or in connection with any Units). The netting was achieved by reducing the Note or Unit claim by the aggregate amount of all
 pre-bankruptcy distributions received by the Noteholder or Unitholder (other than return of principal). For example, a Noteholder holding a Note with a face amount of 100,000 who received 10,000 of interest before the Debtors filed bankruptcy
 would be deemed to hold a Net Note Claim of 90,000. Such Noteholder would receive Class A Interests on account of a 90,000 Net Note Claim.

On December 24, 2019, the Trust s Registration Statement on Form 10 became effective under the Exchange Act. The trading symbol
 for the Trust s Class A Interests is WBQNL. Bid and ask prices for the Trust s Class A Interests are quoted on the OTC Link ATS, the SEC-registered alternative trading system. The Class A Interests are eligible for the Depository
 Trust Company s Direct Registration (DRS) services. The Class B Interests are not registered with the SEC.

D. 

Plan Provisions Regarding the Company 

1. 

Corporate governance provisions

Under the Plan and the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement, the Trust is required at all times to be the sole and exclusive owner of
 all membership interests of the Wind-Down Entity. The Trust is prohibited from selling, transferring, or otherwise disposing of its membership interests in the Wind-Down Entity without approval of the Bankruptcy Court, and the Wind-Down Entity is
 prohibited from issuing any equity interest to any other person.

Formerly under the Plan and the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity was required to be managed by a three-member
 Board of Managers, one of whom was required to be the Chief Executive Officer. Accordingly, the Board of Managers initially consisted of Richard Nevins, M. Freddie Reiss, and Frederick Chin, with Mr. Chin as the Chief Executive Officer of the
 Wind-Down Entity. On November 30, 2022, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement was amended to reduce the Wind-Down Entities Board of Managers to two members and to eliminate the requirement that the Chief Executive Officer serve as a member of the
 Board of Managers, effective upon Mr. Chin s resignation on December 31, 2022. Marion W. Fong was appointed to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity effective as of January 1, 2023. Ms. Fong is not a member of the Board of
 Managers. On March 27, 2023, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement was further amended and the Board of Managers was reduced to one person, M. Freddie Reiss, following the sale of the last single-family home and the resignation of Richard Nevins on
 April 29, 2023.

8 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

The Wind-Down Entity is required to advise the Trust regarding its affairs on at least a monthly basis, reasonably make available
 such information as is necessary for any reporting by the Trust and advise the Trust of material actions. Excess cash of the Wind-Down Entity (cash that is in excess of budgeted reserve for ongoing operations and other anticipated obligations including potential construction defect claims and expenses as determined by the Board of Managers) is required to be remitted to the Trust on a quarterly basis, and the Wind-Down
 Entity is restricted in its ability to invest or gift any of its assets or make asset acquisitions.

The Bankruptcy Court has retained certain jurisdiction regarding the Trust, the Liquidation Trustee, the Supervisory Board, the Wind-Down Entity, the Board of Managers, and assets
 of the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity, including the determination of all disputes arising out of or related to administration of the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity.

The Wind-Down Entity is also conducting business under the name Viewpoint Collection. 

2. 

Treatment under the Plan of holders of claims against and equity interests in the Debtors

The Plan identified 12 types of Claims against and equity interests in the Debtors, eight of which were classified i.e. , placed into formalized classes under the Plan) and four of which are not. Claims required to be paid in full under the Plan are referred to as Unimpaired
 Claims. Four types of claims are not classified (i) claims arising under Bankruptcy Code sections 503(b), 507(a)(2), 507(b), or 1114(e)(2) Administrative Claims ),
 (ii) claims by professionals employed in the Bankruptcy Cases pursuant to Bankruptcy Code sections 327, 328, 1103, or 1104 for compensation or reimbursement of costs and expenses relating to services provided during the period from the Petition
 Date through and including the Plan Effective Date Professional Fee Claims ), (iii) tax claims entitled to priority under Bankruptcy Code section 507(a)(8) Priority Tax Claims ), and (iv) debtor-in-possession financing claims DIP Claims ). The
 foregoing claims are all Unimpaired Claims and have been or will be paid in full. Although the amounts may be subject to negotiation based on the Debtors and creditors records, and to ultimate determination, if necessary, in the Bankruptcy
 Court, liabilities resulting from any such Administrative Claims, Professional Fee Claims, Priority Tax Claims, and DIP Claims that are allowed are analogous, in substance, to accounts payable. As of September 27, 2023, there were no allowed and
 unpaid DIP Claims. As of September 27, 2023, there were no unpaid Administrative Claims, approximately .18 million of unpaid Priority Tax Claims and no remaining unpaid Professional Fee Claims.

The remaining eight types are claims and equity interests that have been classified. Classified claims and equity interests are treated in accordance with the priorities established
 under the Bankruptcy Code.

The classified claims and equity interests under the Plan are the following (each, a Class of claims or interests):

Class 1 Claims or Other Secured Claims, which are claims, other than DIP Claims, that are secured by a valid, perfected, and enforceable lien on property in which the Debtors have an interest, which lien
 is valid, perfected, and enforceable under applicable law and not subject to avoidance under the Bankruptcy Code or applicable non-bankruptcy law.

Class 2 Claims or Priority Claims, which are claims that are entitled to priority under Bankruptcy Code section 507(a), other than Administrative Claims and Priority Tax Claims.

Class 3 Claims or Standard Note Claims, which are any Note Claims other than Non-Debtor Loan Note Claims (as defined below).

Class 4 Claims or General Unsecured Claims, which are unsecured, non-priority claims that are not Note Claims, Subordinated Claims (as defined below), or Unit Claims.

9 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

Class 5 Claims or Unit Claims, which are Unit Claims (as defined in Item 1, Section C of this Annual Report).

Class 6 Claims or Non-Debtor Loan Note Claims, which are any Note Claims that are or were purportedly secured by an unreleased assignment or other security interest in any loans or related interests as to
 which the lender was a Debtor and the underlying borrower actually is or actually was a person that is not a Debtor.

Class 7 Claims or Subordinated Claims, which are collectively, (a) any claim, secured or unsecured, for any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, or for multiple, exemplary, or punitive damages, to the extent
 such fine, penalty, forfeiture, or damages are not compensation for actual pecuniary loss suffered by the holder of such claim and (b) any other claim that is subordinated to General Unsecured Claims, Note Claims, or Unit Claims pursuant to
 Bankruptcy Code section 510, a final order of the Bankruptcy Court, or by consent of the creditor holding such claim.

Class 8 or Equity Interests, which are all previously issued and outstanding common stock, preferred stock, membership interests, or other ownership interests in any of the Debtors outstanding immediately
 prior to the Plan Effective Date.

Holders of Class 1 Claims are creditors of the Wind-Down Entity, and holders of Class 2 Claims are creditors of the Trust. Although the amounts may be subject to negotiation based
 on the Debtors and creditors records, and to ultimate determination, if necessary, in the Bankruptcy Court, liabilities resulting from any such claims that are allowed are analogous, in substance, to accounts payable. As of September 27, 2023,
 there were no allowed and unpaid Class 1 Claims or Class 2 Claims.

Under the Plan, three Classes of claims, when the claims are allowed under the Plan, entitle the holders thereof to become holders of Liquidation Trust Interests. The holders of
 these claims belonged, as of the Petition Date, to one or more of the following categories:

Standard Note Claims (Class 3)

General Unsecured Claims (Class 4)

Unit Claims (Class 5)

Standard Note Claims are Claims arising from any and all investments, interests or other rights with respect to any of the seven Debtors identified as a Fund Debtor under the Plan
 that were styled, marketed or sold as notes, mortgages, or loans. As of September 27, 2023, the aggregate outstanding amount of allowed Class 3 Standard Note Claims (net of prepetition distributions of interest) was approximately 702.68
 million, including those Class 6 Non-Debtor Loan Note Claims that were reclassified as Class 3 Standard Note Claims in accordance with the Plan. See Holders of Non-Debtor Loan Note Claims below. The
 Trust s estimate of the aggregate outstanding amount of disputed Class 3 Standard Note Claims as of September 27, 2023 is approximately 0.02 million (in each case, net of prepetition distributions of interest).

General Unsecured Claims include any unsecured, non-priority claim asserted against any of the Debtors that is not a Note Claim, Subordinated Claim or Unit Claim, and generally
 include the claims of trade vendors, landlords, general liability claimants, utilities, contractors, employees and numerous others. As of September 27, 2023, the aggregate outstanding amount of allowed Class 4 General Unsecured Claims was
 approximately 5.97 million, and the Trust estimates that the aggregate outstanding amount of disputed Class 4 General Unsecured Claims as of September 27, 2023 was approximately 0.23 million.

Unit Claims are Claims arising from any and all investments, interests or other rights with respect to any of the seven Debtors identified as a Fund Debtor under the Plan that
 were styled, marketed or sold as units. As of September 27, 2023, the aggregate outstanding amount of allowed Class 5 Unit Claims was approximately 178.77 million, and the Trust estimates that the aggregate outstanding amount of disputed Class 5
 Unit Claims as of September 27, 2023 was approximately 0.09 million (in each case, net of prepetition distributions of interest).

10 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

Holders of allowed claims in Classes 3, 4 and 5 are deemed to hold an amount and class of Liquidation Trust Interests that is prescribed by the Plan based on the amount of their
 respective claims, as follows:

Each holder of an allowed claim in Class 3 (Standard Note Claims) is deemed to hold one (1) Class A Interest for each 75.00 of Net Note Claims held by the applicable
 Noteholder with respect to its Allowed Note Claims.

Each holder of an allowed claim in Class 4 (General Unsecured Claims) is deemed to hold one (1) Class A Interest for each 75.00 of allowed General Unsecured Claims
 held by the applicable creditor.

Each holder of an allowed claim in Class 5 (Unit Claims) is deemed to hold 0.725 of a Class A Interest and 0.275 of a Class B Interest for each 75.00 of Net Unit
 Claims held by the applicable Unitholder with respect to its allowed Unit Claims.

In addition, under the Plan, holders of Standard Note Claims and Unit Claims were permitted, at the time they cast their votes on the Plan, to elect to contribute their causes of
 action against any non-released persons to the Trust for prosecution (the Contributed Claims ). The relative share of the Trust recoveries for any so electing Noteholder or Unitholder in respect of its respective Class 3 Claim or Class 5
 Claim has been enhanced by having the amount that otherwise would be the applicable Net Note Claim or Net Unit Claim increased by a multiplier of 105 , referred to as the Contributing Claimant s Enhancement Multiplier. The Plan releases the
 Debtors, the members of the New Board, the Unsecured Creditors Committee, the Noteholder Committee, and the Unitholder Committee, and any party related to such persons from liability, but generally excludes from such release any prepetition
 insider of any of the Debtors, any non-debtor affiliates of the Debtors or insider of any such non-debtor affiliates, any prepetition employee of any of the Debtors involved in the marketing or sale of Notes or Units, and any other person involved
 in such marketing, including certain persons identified on a schedule attached to the Plan.

Distributions of cash by the Trust on account of Class A Interests and Class B Interests are required to be made in accordance with a prescribed priority, referred to as the
 Liquidation Trust Interests Waterfall. (See Part I, Item 1. Business, D. Plan Provisions Regarding the Company, 4. Liquidation Trust Interests under the Plan. Fractional Liquidation Trust Interests, if any, are rounded in accordance with the
 rounding convention established by the Plan.

Other Classes under the Plan include Subordinated Claims, Non-Debtor Loan Note Claims, and Equity Interests. Although holders of Subordinated Claims are not Interestholders of the
 Trust, they are deemed to have retained a residual right to receive any cash that remains in the Trust after the final administration of all the Trust assets and payment in full to holders of both Class A Interests and Class B Interests, including
 interest at the rate and to the extent set forth in the Plan. The Trust does not expect that there will be any such residual cash.

11 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

3. 

Assets and liabilities of the Company

The following is the Company s consolidated statements of net assets in liquidation as of the Plan Effective Date and June 30, 2023 in millions):

Plan

 Effective

 Date

June 30, 2023

Net real estate assets held for sale, net

582.71

0.77

Cash and cash equivalents

36.02

25.70

Restricted cash

0.32

4.47

Other assets

2.29

2.65

Total assets

621.34

33.59

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

5.78

0.04

Distributions payable

-

1.28

Accrued liquidation costs

232.07

25.50

Total liabilities

237.85

26.82

Net assets in liquidation:

Restricted for Qualifying Victims

-

3.49

All Interestholders

383.49

3.28

Total net assets in liquidation

383.49

6.77

The status of outstanding Unimpaired and Impaired Claims as of September 27, 2023 is summarized below, with amounts in millions:

Estimated

 Allowed

 Claims

Disputed Claims

 at Asserted

 Amount

Unimpaired Claims (Liabilities)

0.13

0.45

Impaired Claims (Beneficial Interests)

887.76

(a)

0.46

(a) 

Includes an estimated 0.34 million of additional claims expected to be allowed from the approximate 0.46 million of disputed
 claims.

4. 

Liquidation Trust Interests under the Plan

Each holder of an allowed claim in the Plan s Class 3 (Standard Note Claims), Class 4 (General Unsecured Claims) and Class 5 (Unit Claims) was granted one or more beneficial
 interests in the Trust (a Liquidation Trust Interest) of a class i.e. either Class A and/or Class B) and in an amount prescribed by the Plan and the Trust Agreement, as follows:

In the case of an allowed claim in the Plan s Class 3 (Standard Note Claims), the holder was granted one (1) Class A Interest in the Trust for each 75.00 of Net Note Claims held by the applicable Noteholder
 with respect to its Allowed Note Claims. Allowed Net Note Claims are determined as the outstanding principal amount of Note Claims held by a particular Noteholder, minus the aggregate amount of all prepetition distributions (other than
 return of principal) received by such Noteholder.

12 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

In the case of an allowed claim in the Plan s Class 4 (General Unsecured Claims), the holder was granted one (1) Class A Interest in the Trust for each 75.00 of allowed General Unsecured Claims held by the
 applicable creditor.

In the case of an allowed claim in the Plan s Class 5 (Unit Claims), the holder was granted 0.725 of a Class A Interest in the Trust and 0.275 of a Class B Interest in the Trust for each 75.00 of Net Unit
 Claims held by the applicable Unitholder with respect to its allowed Unit Claims. Allowed Net Unit Claims were determined as the outstanding principal amount of Unit Claims held by a particular Unitholder, minus the aggregate amount of all
 prepetition distributions (other than return of principal) received by such Unitholder.

The Plan permitted Noteholders and Unitholders to contribute certain causes of action (the Contributed Claims) to the Trust. In the case of any Noteholder or Unitholder that
 elected, on such holder s Plan ballot, to contribute such holder s Contributed Claims to the Trust, the relative share of Liquidation Trust Interests granted to any so electing Noteholder or Unitholder has been enhanced by increasing the amount
 that otherwise would be the applicable Net Note Claim or Net Unit Claim by the Contributing Claimant s Enhancement Multiplier of 105 before converting such Net Note Claim or Net Unit Claim to Liquidation Trust Interests.

With respect to disputed claims, upon resolution of any disputed claims and to the extent such claims become allowed claims, holders of such Claims in the Plan s Class 3, Class 4
 and Class 5 will be granted Liquidation Trust Interests.

As of September 27, 2023, approximately 887.42 million of Class 3, Class 4 and Class 5 Claims are allowed. The Trust estimates, as of September 27, 2023, that approximately 0.34
 million of additional Class 3, Class 4 and Class 5 Claims will ultimately be allowed. As more such claims become allowed, additional Liquidation Trust Interests will be granted. The percentage recovery to be received by each Class A Interestholder
 will be based on (i) the amount of cash ultimately available for distribution to such holders; and (ii) the actual amount of Class 3, Class 4, and Class 5 Claims that ultimately become allowed.

The Plan provides for a Liquidation Trust Interests Waterfall that specifies the priority and manner of distribution of available cash, excluding distributions of the net proceeds
 from Forfeited Assets. On each distribution date, the Liquidation Trustee is required to distribute available cash as follows:

First, to each Interestholder of Class A Interests pro rata based on such Interestholder s number of Class A Interests, until the aggregate amount of all such distributions on account of the Class A Interests
 equals the product of (i) the total number of all Class A Interests and (ii) 75.00;

Thereafter, to each Interestholder of Class B Interests pro rata based on such Interestholder s number of Class B Interests, until the aggregate amount of all such distributions on account of the Class B
 Interests equals the product of (i) the total number of all Class B Interests and (ii) 75.00;

Thereafter, to each Interestholder of a Liquidation Trust Interest (whether a Class A Interest or a Class B Interest) pro rata based on such Interestholder s number of Liquidation Trust Interests until the
 aggregate amount of all such distributions on account of the Liquidation Trust Interests equals an amount equivalent to interest, at a per annum fixed rate of 10 , compounded annually, accrued on the aggregate principal amount of all Net
 Note Claims, allowed General Unsecured Claims, and Net Unit Claims outstanding from time to time on or after December 4, 2017, treating each distribution of available cash made after the Plan Effective Date pursuant to the immediately
 preceding two subparagraphs as reductions of such principal amount; and

Thereafter, pro rata to the holders of allowed Subordinated Claims until such claims are paid in full, including interest, at a per annum fixed rate of 10 or such higher rate as may be specified in any
 consensual agreement or order relating to a given Holder, compounded annually, accrued on the principal amount of each allowed Subordinated Claim outstanding from time to time on or after December 4, 2017.

13 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

Pursuant to the Plan and the Trust Agreement, distributions to Interestholders are net of any costs and expenses incurred by the
 Trust, including in connection with administering the Trust and litigating or otherwise resolving the various Causes of Action and disputed claims. Amounts withheld from distribution may include cost of collecting, administering, distributing,
 and liquidating the Trust assets such as fees and expenses of the Liquidation Trustee, reserves for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims of the Wind-Down

Entity and/or its subsidiaries , premiums for directors and officers insurance, and fees and expenses of attorneys and consultants. Distributions will be made only from assets of the Trust and only to the extent that the Trust has
 sufficient assets (in excess of amounts retained for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims and future costs and expenses, among other things) to make such payments in accordance with the Plan and the Trust
 Agreement. No distribution is required to be made to any Interestholder unless such Interestholder is to receive in such distribution at least 10.00.

Distributions will be made at the sole discretion of the Liquidation Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and the Trust Agreement. Since the Plan Effective Date,
 the Liquidation Trustee has declared eleven distributions to the Class A Interestholders. The distributions include a cash distribution on account of the then-allowed claims and a deposit is made into a restricted cash account for amounts that are
 or may become payable (a) in respect of Class A Interests that may be issued in the future upon the allowance of unresolved bankruptcy claims, (b) in respect of Class A Interests issued on account of recently allowed claims, (c) for holders of
 Class A Interests who failed to cash checks mailed in respect of prior distributions, (d) for distributions that were withheld due to pending avoidance actions and (e) for holders of Class A Interests for which the Trust is awaiting further
 beneficiary information.

On August 3, 2023, at the recommendation of the Liquidation Trustee, the Trust suspended the making of additional Trust
 distributions pending the result of the investigation of a construction defect claim.

Sections 7.6 and 7.18 of the Plan provide that distributions that have not been cashed within 180 calendar days of their issuance shall be null and void and the holder of the
 associated Liquidation Trust Interests shall be deemed to have forfeited its rights to any reserved and future distributions under the Plan, with such amounts to become Available Cash of the Trust for all purposes. On February 1, 2022, the
 Trust sent letters to the holders of the Class A Interests who had failed to cash distribution checks in respect of prior distributions, which checks were issued more than 180 days prior to the date of the letter. The letter informed each recipient
 that, unless the Trust was contacted on or before February 28, 2022, such recipient s reserved and future distribution would be deemed forfeited in accordance with the Plan. The Trust provided this final notice simply as a one-time courtesy and
 reserved its rights to strictly enforce the Plan s forfeiture provisions, and any other provision of the Plan, against any person (including any recipient of the final notice) at any time in the future, without further notice.

14 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

The following tables summarize the distributions declared, distributions paid and the activity in the restricted cash account for the periods from February 15, 2019 (inception)
 through June 30, 2023 and from February 15, 2019 through September 27, 2023:

During the Period from

 February 15, 2019 (inception) through

 June 30, 2023 in Millions)

During the Period from

 February 15, 2019 (inception) through

 September 27, 2023 in Millions)

Date Declared 

per 

 Class A

 Interest

Total 

 Declared

Paid

Restricted 

 Cash 

 Account

Total 

 Declared

Paid

Restricted 

 Cash 

 Account

Distributions Declared

First

3/15/2019

3.75

44.70

42.32

2.38

44.70

42.32

2.38

Second

1/2/2020

4.50

53.44

51.20

2.24

53.44

51.20

2.24

Third

3/31/2020

2.12

25.00

24.19

0.81

25.00

24.19

0.81

Fourth

7/13/2020

2.56

29.97

29.24

0.73

29.97

29.24

0.73

Fifth

10/19/2020

2.56

29.96

29.21

0.75

29.96

29.21

0.75

Sixth

1/7/2021

4.28

50.01

48.67

1.34

50.01

48.67

1.34

Seventh (a)

5/13/2021

2.58

30.04

29.35

0.69

30.04

29.35

0.69

Eighth

10/8/2021

3.44

40.02

39.14

0.88

40.02

39.14

0.88

Ninth

2/4/2022

3.44

39.98

39.15

0.83

39.98

39.15

0.83

Tenth

6/15/2022

5.63

65.02

64.19

0.83

65.02

64.19

0.83

Eleventh

5/10/2023

2.18

25.02

24.90

0.12

25.02

24.90

0.12

Subtotal

37.04

433.16

421.56

11.60

433.16

421.56

11.60

Distributions Reversed

Disallowed (b)

(6.27

(6.31

Returned (c)

0.74

0.74

Forfeited (d)

(1.13

(1.13

Subtotal

(6.66

(6.70

Distributions Paid from Reserve Account (e)

(3.66

(3.66

Distributions Payable, Net:

as of 6/30/2023:

1.28

as of 9/27/2023:

1.24

(a) 

The seventh distribution included the cash the Trust received from Fair Funds.

(b) 

As a result of claims being disallowed or Class A Interests cancelled.

(c) 

Distribution checks returned or not cashed.

(d) 

Distributions forfeited as Interestholders did not cash checks that were over 180 days old.

(e) 

Paid as claims are allowed or resolved.

As claims are resolved, additional Class A Interests may be issued or cancelled (see Part 1, Item 1. Business, D. Plan Provisions Regarding the Company, 2. Treatment under the Plan
 of holders of claims against and equity interests in the Debtors and 3. Assets and liabilities of the Company ). Therefore, the total amount of a distribution declared may change. In addition, distributions may change if Interestholders that were
 previously deemed to have forfeited their rights to receive Class A Interest distributions subsequently respond and if overpaid distributions are returned.

E. 

Operations and Management of the Company 

1. 

The Trust

Michael I. Goldberg, Esq. is the Liquidation Trustee. The Liquidation Trustee was unanimously selected by the Unsecured Creditors Committee, the Noteholder Committee, and the
 Unitholder Committee and approved by the Bankruptcy Court.

The Trust is also required to have a trustee that has its principal place of business in the State of Delaware (the Delaware Trustee ). The Delaware Trustee is Wilmington
 Trust Company, National Association, who has been appointed for the purpose of fulfilling the requirements of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

The Trust does not have directors, executive officers or employees. Subject to supervision by the Supervisory Board, the Liquidation Trustee has the full power, right, authority and
 discretion, unless otherwise provided in the Plan, to carry out and implement all applicable provisions of the Plan.

15 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

In addition to other actions that the Liquidation Trustee has the authority to take, the Liquidation Trustee may do any and all of the following:

review, reconcile, compromise, settle, or object to claims and resolve such objections as set forth in the Plan, free of any restrictions of the Bankruptcy Code or applicable bankruptcy rules;

calculate and make distributions and calculate and establish reserves under and in accordance with the Plan;

retain, compensate, and employ professionals and other persons to represent the Liquidation Trustee with respect to and in connection with its rights and responsibilities;

establish, maintain, and administer documents and accounts of the Debtors as appropriate, which are to be segregated to the extent appropriate in accordance with the Plan;

maintain, conserve, collect, settle, and protect the Trust s assets (subject to the limitations described in the Plan);

sell, liquidate, transfer, assign, distribute, abandon, or otherwise dispose of the assets of the Trust or any part of such assets or interest in such assets upon such terms as the Liquidation Trustee
 determines to be necessary, appropriate, or desirable;

negotiate, incur, and pay the expenses of the Trust;

prepare and file any and all informational returns, reports, statements, tax returns, and other documents or disclosures relating to the Debtors that are required under the Plan, by any governmental unit, or
 by applicable law;

compile and maintain the official claims register, including for purposes of making initial and subsequent distributions under the Plan;

take such actions as are necessary or appropriate to wind-down and dissolve the Debtors;

comply with the Plan, exercise the Liquidation Trustee s rights, and perform the Liquidation Trustee s obligations; and

exercise such other powers as deemed by the Liquidation Trustee to be necessary and proper to implement the Plan.

The powers and authority of the Liquidation Trustee are subject to limitations under the Trust Agreement. On behalf of the Trust or the Interestholders, the Liquidation Trustee is
 prohibited from doing any of the following:

entering into or engaging in any trade or business (other than the management and disposition of the assets of the Trust), and no part of the Trust s assets or the proceeds, revenue or income therefrom may be
 used or disposed of by the Trust in furtherance of any trade or business;

except as expressly permitted in the Trust Agreement, reinvesting any assets of the Trust;

selling, transferring, or otherwise disposing of the Trust s membership interests in the Wind-Down Entity without further approval of the Bankruptcy Court; or

incurring any indebtedness except as contemplated by the Plan or the Trust Agreement.

16 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

The Liquidation Trustee is permitted to invest cash of the Trust, including any earnings thereon or proceeds therefrom, any cash realized from the liquidation of the assets of the
 Trust, or any cash that is remitted to the Trust from the Wind-Down Entity or any other person. Investments by the Liquidation Trustee are not required to comply with Bankruptcy Code section 345(b). Accordingly, the Liquidation Trustee will not be
 required to obtain a secured bond from financial institutions at which Trust funds are deposited or invested. However, investments must be investments that are permitted to be made by a liquidating trust within the meaning of Treasury Regulation
 section 301.7701-4(d), as reflected in such regulation, or under applicable guidelines, rulings, or other controlling authorities. Accordingly, cash not available for distribution and cash pending distribution is expected to be held in demand and
 time deposits, such as short-term certificates of deposit, in banks or other savings institutions, or other temporary, liquid investments such as Treasury bills.

The Liquidation Trustee is subject to removal and replacement following notice to the SEC and upon a determination by the Bankruptcy Court that cause exists for such removal and
 replacement, using the standard set forth under Bankruptcy Code Section 1104.

Pursuant to the Plan and the Trust Agreement, the activities of the Liquidation Trustee are subject to the supervision of the Supervisory Board, a six-member supervisory board
 currently consisting of Lynn Myrick, John J. O Neill, and Terry Goebel (all three of whom were nominated by the Unsecured Creditors Committee), Jay Beynon (nominated by the Noteholder Committee), Dr. Raymond C. Blackburn (nominated by the
 Unitholder Committee), and M. Freddie Reiss (elected to such position by the other members of the Supervisory Board). Mr. Reiss is the sole member of the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board.

Under the Plan, the Supervisory Board has the rights and powers of a duly elected board of directors of a Delaware corporation. The Supervisory Board is charged with supervision of
 the Liquidation Trustee in accordance with the Plan and the Trust Agreement, determination of the Liquidation Trustee s incentive compensation, if any, and approval of the appointment of any successor Liquidation Trustee. In the event that votes or
 consents by the Supervisory Board for and against any matter (other than any matter regarding the supervision, evaluation or compensation of the Liquidation Trustee) are equally divided, the Liquidation Trustee has the power to cast the deciding
 vote.

Additionally, approval by the Supervisory Board or, in the absence of such approval, an order of the Bankruptcy Court, is necessary concerning any of the following matters:

any sale or other disposition of an asset of the Trust, or any release, modification or waiver of existing rights as to an asset of the Trust, if the asset at issue exceeds 500,000 in estimated value;

any compromise or settlement of litigation or controverted matter proposed by the Liquidation Trustee involving claims in excess of 500,000; and

any retention by the Liquidation Trustee of professionals.

The approval of sale of real estate assets owned by the Wind-Down Group is the subject of an agreed-upon protocol between the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity.

Members of the Supervisory Board may resign following written notice to the Liquidation Trustee and the other members of the Supervisory Board. Such resignation will become
 effective on the later to occur of (i) the day specified in such written notice and (ii) the date that is thirty (30) days after the date such notice is delivered. A member of the Supervisory Board may be removed only by entry of a Bankruptcy Court
 order finding that cause exists to remove such member.

In the event that a member of the Supervisory Board is removed, dies, becomes incapacitated, resigns or otherwise becomes unavailable for any reason, such member s replacement shall
 be appointed in accordance with the Plan, which establishes procedures for the appointment of such replacements. If a member of the Supervisory Board nominated by the Unsecured Creditors Committee is no longer available for any reason, then the
 remaining member(s) selected by the Unsecured Creditors Committee are to select the replacement member(s). If a member of the Supervisory Board nominated by either the Noteholder Committee or the Unitholder Committee is no longer available for any
 reason, then the available former members of the Noteholder Committee or Unitholder Committee, as applicable, are to be requested to, and may, select a replacement. If no former members of the Noteholder Committee or the Unitholder Committee, as
 applicable, are reasonably available and willing to make the selection, then the remaining members of the Supervisory Board are to select the replacement member(s).

17 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

Holders of Liquidation Trust Interests have no voting rights with respect to the selection or replacement of the Liquidation Trustee or the Delaware Trustee and have no other voting
 rights.

The Audit Committee of the Trust was appointed by the Supervisory Board to oversee (i) the integrity of the annual, quarterly and other financial statements of the Trust, (ii) the
 independent auditor s qualification and independence, (iii) the performance of the Trust s independent auditor, and (iv) the compliance by the Trust with legal and regulatory requirements. The Audit Committee also is authorized, subject to final
 review by all disinterested members of the Supervisory Board in each case, to review and approve all related-person transactions in which the Trust is a participant as provided for in the Trust s Related Person Transaction Policy. The Audit
 Committee is comprised of M. Freddie Reiss, who also serves as Chairman of the committee.

2. 

The Wind-Down Group

Formerly under the Plan and the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity was required to be managed by a three-member
 Board of Managers, one of whom was required to be the Chief Executive Officer. Accordingly, the Board of Managers initially consisted of Frederick Chin (then the Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity), Richard Nevins and M. Freddie
 Reiss (the latter two being former members of the Debtors New Board). On November 30, 2022, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement was amended to reduce the Wind-Down Entities Board of Managers to two members and to eliminate the requirement that
 the Chief Executive Officer serve as a member of the Board of Managers, effective upon Mr. Chin s resignation on December 31, 2022, and Marion W. Fong was appointed to serve as Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity effective as of
 January 1, 2023. Ms. Fong is not a member of the Board of Managers. On March 27, 2023, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement was further amended and the Board of Managers was reduced to one person, M. Freddie Reiss, following the sale of the last
 single-family home and the resignation of Richard Nevins on April 29, 2023.

The Board of Managers is charged with the administration of the Wind-Down Entity, including the power to carry out any and all acts necessary, convenient or incidental to or for the
 furtherance of the purposes of the Wind-Down Entity. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan and the Wind-Down LLC Agreement, no individual member of the Board, in his or her capacity as such, has any authority to bind the Wind-Down Entity.

Members of the Board of Managers serve until they resign, die, become incapacitated or are removed for Cause by the Trust. Cause is defined in the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement,
 with respect to any Manager, as (i) the embezzlement, misappropriation of any property or other asset of the Wind-Down Entity; (ii) the commission of, or the entering of a plea of nolo contendere or guilty with respect to, any felony whatsoever or
 any misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; or (iii) any willful and material breach of the terms of the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement or the terms of the Plan applicable to such Manager. Any member of the Board of Managers may resign by giving not
 less than thirty (30) calendar days prior notice of resignation to the other members. Vacancies on the Board of Managers are required to be filled by the Trust.

Subject to the Plan and the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement, the Board of Managers also is charged with the supervision and oversight of the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief
 Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity was Frederick Chin until his resignation on December 31, 2022. Effective January 1, 2023, Marion W. Fong became the Wind-Down Entity s Chief Executive Officer, while retaining her existing role as Chief
 Financial Officer. In addition to the Chief Executive Officer, the Wind-Down Entity had 3 employees as of September 27, 2023.

Subject to the supervision of the Board of Managers as described above, the Chief Executive Officer has the authority, except as otherwise provided in the Plan, to carry out and
 implement all applicable provisions of the Plan for the ultimate benefit of the Trust, including the authority to do the following:

retain, compensate, and employ professionals and other persons to represent the Wind-Down Entity in connection with its rights and responsibilities;

establish, maintain, and administer accounts of the Debtors as appropriate;

18 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

maintain, develop, improve, administer, operate, conserve, supervise, collect, settle, and protect the assets of the Wind-Down Entity;

sell, liquidate, transfer, assign, distribute, abandon, or otherwise dispose of the assets of the Wind-Down Entity, including through the formation on or after the Plan Effective Date of any new or additional
 legal entities to be owned by the Wind-Down Entity to own and hold particular assets of the Wind-Down Entity separate and apart from any other assets of the Wind-Down Entity, upon such terms as the Chief Executive Officer determines to be
 necessary, appropriate, or desirable;

invest cash of the Debtors and their estates, including any cash realized from the liquidation of the assets of the Wind-Down Entity;

negotiate, incur, and pay the expenses of the Wind-Down Entity;

exercise and enforce all rights and remedies regarding any loans or related interests as to which the lender was a Debtor and the underlying borrower actually is or actually was a person or organization that
 is not a Debtor, including any such rights or remedies that any Debtor or any estate was entitled to exercise or enforce prior to the Plan Effective Date on behalf of a holder of a Non-Debtor Loan Note Claim, and including rights of
 collection, foreclosure, and all other rights and remedies arising under any promissory note, mortgage, deed of trust, or other document with such underlying borrower or under applicable law;

comply with the Plan, exercise the Chief Executive Officer s rights, and perform the Chief Executive Officer s obligations; and

exercise such other powers as deemed by the Chief Executive Officer to be necessary and proper to implement the provisions of the Plan.

Each of the Wind-Down Subsidiaries is managed by the Wind-Down Entity, its sole member. The Wind-Down Entity s Chief Executive
 Officer serves as Chief Executive Officer of each of the Wind-Down Subsidiaries.

Distributions of cash or other assets of the Wind-Down Group are to be made as and when determined by the Board of Managers in its
 sole discretion, provided however that on the first business day that is 30 calendar days after each calendar quarter-end, the Wind-Down Entity is to remit to the Trust as of such quarter-end any cash in excess of its budgeted amount for ongoing
 operations, reserves for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims, other anticipated expenses and other Plan obligations.

3. 

Current year plan of operations

During the remainder of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, the Trust plans to continue to engage in the resolution of claims
 filed against the Debtors, the evaluation and prosecution of the Unresolved Causes of Action, the disposition of Forfeited Assets, and the payment of Priority Tax Claims against the Debtors. Subject to the receipt of remittances from the
 Wind-Down Entity, the payment of Trust expenses, Priority Tax Claims and the retention of various reserves, the Trust may also make distributions of cash to Interestholders in accordance with the Plan. However, during the fiscal year ended June
 30, 2023, a construction defect claim was asserted against one of the Wind-Down Susidiaries by the buyer of one of the subsidiary s single-family homes. The subsidiary has tendered the claim to its insurance carrier. At this time, the amount of
 the liability exposure, if any, has not been determined and it is not known whether the subsidiary has any exposure in excess of its insurance coverage. The subsidiary is investigating the claim, including the extent and causes of the alleged
 damage and the identification of other potentially responsible persons. On August 3, 2023, at the recommendation of the
 Liquidation Trustee, the Trust suspended the making of additional Trust distributions pending the results of the investigation of the claim. 

During the remainder of the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, the Wind-Down Group will continue to manage the liquidation of the
 remaining assets, including completing the pending sale of its one parcel of real property, managing the performing secured loan through its December 15, 2024 maturity date, processing remaining bond and property tax refunds, coordinating all
 necessary work for the release of an escrow holdback and other activities as needed. In addition, the Wind-Down Group will continue to work to satisfy construction defect claims (where such activities are considered necessary or appropriate). 
 The Wind-Down Group expects to fund its capital requirement for its operating costs primarily with cash and cash equivalents on hand. 

19 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1. 

Business (Continued) 

4. 

Termination and dissolution of the Company

The Trust is required to be terminated, and the Liquidation Trustee discharged from duties, at such time as: (i) the Liquidation Trustee determines that the
 pursuit of additional Causes of Action held by the Trust is not likely to yield sufficient additional proceeds to justify further pursuit of such Causes of Action and (ii) all distributions required to be made by the Liquidation Trustee to the
 holders of allowed claims and to the Interestholders under the Plan and the Trust Agreement have been made. Notwithstanding the above, the Trust must be terminated no later than February 15, 2024 unless the Bankruptcy Court, upon motion made within
 the six-month period before such date, determines that a fixed period extension is necessary to facilitate or complete the recovery on, and liquidation of, the Trust s assets, except that the Bankruptcy Court may not grant an extension that,
 together with any prior extensions, exceeds three years unless the Trust has obtained a favorable letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the further extension would not adversely affect the status of the Trust as a
 liquidating trust for federal income tax purposes.

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company concluded that its liquidation activities would not be completed by February 15,
 2024, the current outside termination date of the Trust, for a number of reasons. First, there have been significant delays in certain legal proceedings where the Company is the plaintiff as more fully described in "Item 3. Legal Proceedings".
 Second, a construction defect claim has been asserted against one of the Wind-Down Subsidiaries by the buyer of one of the subsidiary s single-family homes. The subsidiary has tendered the claim to its insurance carrier. At this time, the amount of
 the liability exposure, if any, has not been determined and it is not known if the subsidiary has any exposure in excess of its insurance coverage. The subsidiary is investigating the claim, including the extent and causes of the alleged damage and
 the identification of other potentially responsible persons. Based on the foregoing, the Company currently projects a revised estimated completion date for the Company s operations of approximately March 31, 2026.

The Company is required to file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court to extend the termination date of the Trust beyond February 15,
 2024. The motion is required to be filed within six months before February 15, 2024. The Company expects that the motion will be filed as required and that the Bankruptcy Court will grant the motion as the extension is needed to pursue additional
 Trust actions that are expected to yield additional proceeds to the Trust and to address the construction defect claim.

The Trust may not be terminated at any time by the Interestholders. Upon any termination of the Trust, any remaining assets of the
 Trust that exceed the amounts required to be paid under the Plan may be transferred by the Liquidation Trustee to the American Bankruptcy Institute Endowment Fund.

Pursuant to its Limited Liability Company Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity shall dissolve upon the first to occur of the following:
 (i) the written consent of the Trust, (ii) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under Section 18-802 of the Delaware LLC Act and (iii) the sale or other disposition of all of the Wind-Down Assets.

F. 

Access to Information 

The Trust s website is located at www.woodbridgeliquidationtrust.com. The information on the Trust s website is not part of this Annual Report. Through its website, the Trust makes
 available, free of charge, its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished to the SEC. These reports are available as soon as reasonably practicable
 after the Trust electronically files these reports with the SEC. The Trust also posts on its website its Code of Conduct and Conflict of Interest Policy, Code of Ethics, Insider Trading Policy and other corporate governance materials required by
 SEC regulation. These documents are also available in print to any Interestholder requesting a copy from the Liquidation Trustee.

20 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A. 

 Risk Factors 

An investment in the Liquidation Trust Interests involves various risks. An investor should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and the other information
 included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report before deciding to invest in the Liquidation Trust Interests. Any of the risk factors set forth below could significantly and adversely affect the Company s business, prospects, financial
 condition and results of operations. As a result, the trading price of the Liquidation Trust Interests could decline, and an investor could lose a part or all of his or her investment.

Risks Relating to Uncertainties Relating to Causes of Action

Future distributions by the Trust will
 primarily depend on the successful outcome of the Unresolved Causes of Action. The Company has disposed of substantially all of its real estate assets and does not expect to receive additional Fair Funds. The source of funds for future
 distributions by the Trust will depend primarily on its successful prosecution of the Unresolved Causes of Action.

The amount and timing of receipts, if any, from Causes of Action is inherently speculative and risky and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 The Trust does not expect to receive the proceeds of the Unresolved Causes of Action unless and until it successfully obtains judgments or concludes settlements with respect to such Unresolved Causes of Action and is successful in recovering on
 such judgments or settlements. The Trust may not be successful in litigating the Unresolved Causes of Action or, if it is successful, there could be a significant delay before any recovery is obtained and distributed (if ever). The outcome of
 litigation is inherently speculative and uncertain, and there can be no assurance that the Trust will obtain a favorable judgment or settlement with respect to any particular Unresolved Cause of Action. Due to the speculative and risky nature of
 litigation and settlement efforts, the Company is unable to make any meaningful determination of the potential outcome or value, in the aggregate, of the Unresolved Causes of Action. In addition, even if there is a favorable judgment or settlement,
 there can be no assurance that the Trust will be able to recover some or all of such judgment or settlement.

Delays in the prosecution of the Unresolved Causes of
 Action, and the need to investigate and resolve a construction defect claim, are expected to
 extend the Company s anticipated liquidation period. Appeals and other events that affect the duration of litigation have generated delays in the timing of net recoveries from the Trust s prosecution of its Unresolved Causes of Action
 and completion of the Company s liquidation. Additionally, a construction defect claim has been asserted against a subsidiary of the Trust by the buyer of one of the subsidiary s single-family homes, and the Company s investigation of the claim,
 including the extent and causes of the alleged damage and the identification of other potentially responsible persons, will require additional time. Accordingly, during the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company concluded that its liquidation
 activities would not be completed by February 15, 2024, the current outside termination date of the Trust. The Company currently projects a revised estimated completion date for the Company s operations of approximately March 31, 2026. The
 Company is required to file a motion with the Bankruptcy Court to extend the termination date of the Trust beyond February 15, 2024. The motion is required to be filed within six months before February 15, 2024. The Company expects that the
 motion will be filed as required and that the Bankruptcy Court will grant the motion as the extension is needed to pursue additional Trust actions that are expected to yield additional proceeds to the Trust and to address the construction defect
 claim. Further delays in the Trust s litigation, the receipt of any additional construction defect claims, or other events and factors may require the Company to seek further extensions of the term of the Trust. Extensions of the Trust s
 anticipated liquidation period will increase the overall operating and administrative costs of the Company and reduce the amounts available for distribution in respect of the Liquidation Trust Interests.

Even if there is a recovery based on the
 Unresolved Causes of Action, there can be no assurances that there will be sufficient funds to make any distributions to Interestholders. Even if the Trust obtains a judgment or settlement based on the Unresolved Causes of Action and
 successfully recovers funds on account of such judgment or settlement, there can be no assurance that the Interestholders will receive any proceeds from such judgment or settlement. Before Interestholders receive distributions, the Liquidation
 Trustee must pay Trust expenses and may set aside funds for future expenses, contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims.

Limited information regarding developments in
 the Trust s prosecution of the Unresolved Causes of Action and potential outcomes will be available; therefore, it may be difficult for Interestholders to assess the amount of recovery. The Trust is required to file current and periodic
 reports with the SEC, as required under the Exchange Act. The SEC reports include certain information regarding pending Unresolved Causes of Action. However, the Trust s ability to disclose details of the Unresolved Causes of Action is limited by
 the inherent nature and rules of judicial proceedings, including, among other things, proceedings and filings that are sealed by a court, matters involving attorney-client and work product privilege and proceedings that are conducted on a
 confidential basis by agreement of the parties, such as settlement negotiations. To the extent that information regarding the Unresolved Causes of Action cannot be provided, it will be difficult for investors in the Liquidation Trust Interests to
 make any meaningful determination of the potential outcome or value of the Unresolved Causes of Action.

21 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

Risks Relating to Real Estate Assets

The Wind-Down Group may remain subject to
 potential liabilities for construction defects for an extended period of time following the sale of its properties. In connection with its sales of developed real properties and pursuant to applicable law, the Wind-Down Group may face
 potential claims for construction defects for up to 10 years following the completion of construction. There can be no assurance that contractor s guaranties and warranties will be adequate to indemnify the Wind-Down Group against all such
 claims. In the ordinary course of business, the Wind-Down Group seeks to obtain liability insurance (as available) in order to address its potential liability for construction defects. If contractor s guaranties and insurance policies were to
 prove insufficient, the Wind-Down Group may become exposed to further costs, including potentially expensive litigation and significant adverse judgments. Any significant liabilities resulting from such post-sale obligations may adversely affect
 the Wind-Down Group s financial position, net assets in liquidation and cash flow which would, in turn adversely affect the Trust s ability to make distributions to its Interestholders. Furthermore, the amount of cash available for distribution to
 the Trust upon completion of the Wind-Down Group s activities may be affected by reserves that the Wind-Down Group may be required to set aside in order to make reasonable provision for future or unknown construction defect claims. There is also no
 guarantee that the estimated reserves will be sufficient to cover unknown future liabilities.

The Wind-Down Group s working capital may not be
 sufficient to cover construction defect claims and complete liquidation activities and may be restricted in its ability to access capital. As of August 31, 2023, and June 30, 2023, the Wind-Down Group had existing unrestricted cash and
 cash equivalents of approximately 10.60 million and 10.84 million, respectively. The Wind-Down Group does not have access to any line of credit.

The Wind-Down Group s real estate asset portfolio
 is limited. The Wind-Down Group s real estate asset portfolio consisted of two real estate assets as of June 30, 2023,with a net carrying value of 0.77 million as of June 30, 2023. The Company does not expect to add any new real estate
 assets to its portfolio. Completion of the liquidation of the existing real estate portfolio, other than its one performing secured loan, is anticipated during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024. Accordingly, investors are advised that the
 Wind-Down Group s real estate portfolio represents a very limited source of future distributions to the Trust.

The Wind-Down Group may not be able to sell its
 real estate (or real estate assets for its carrying value. The Wind-Down Group has estimated the sales price of its real estate assets. There are many factors which are outside of the Wind-Down Group s control which may impact the
 actual sales price of its real estate assets. The actual sales price will be determined through negotiations between the Wind-Down Group and prospective buyers. The actual sales price of the real estate assets may differ materially from the
 estimates.

The Wind-Down Group may suffer environmental
 liabilities which could result in substantial costs. Under various environmental laws, the current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances,
 including asbestos-containing materials that are located on or under the property. These laws often impose liability whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of those substances. In connection with the Wind-Down
 Group s ownership and operation of properties, it may be liable for these costs, which could be substantial. In addition, the Wind-Down Group may become subject to claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental
 contamination at or emanating from the properties.

22 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

Risks Relating to the Liquidation Trust Interests

The Liquidation Trust Interests are not suitable
 as a long-term investment. The Company intends to complete the liquidation in as short a time as is consistent with the maximization of the value of its assets. The Company currently projects an estimated completion date for the Company s
 operations of approximately March 31, 2026.

The Liquidation Trust Interests are subject to
 forfeiture of their right to further distributions if a holder fails to promptly cash a distribution check or fails to promptly claim a distribution check that is returned to the Trust as undeliverable. The Plan provides that if the Trust
 mails a distribution check to an Interestholder and the Interestholder fails to cash the check within 180 calendar days, or if the Trust mails a distribution check to an Interestholder and such check is returned to the Trust as undeliverable and is
 not claimed by the Interestholder within 180 days, then the Interestholder not only loses its right to the amount of that distribution, but also is deemed to have forfeited its right to any reserved and future distributions under the Plan. It is
 the responsibility of the Interestholders to promptly cash all distribution checks received by them and to contact the Trust s transfer agent to ensure that the Trust has complete and accurate information.

The Trust cannot predict with certainty the
 timing or amount of distributions to the Interestholders. It is not possible to predict with certainty the timing and amount of future distributions to Interestholders. The Trust will make distributions to the Interestholders only if and
 to the extent that it receives remittances from the Wind-Down Entity, proceeds from the Causes of Action or Forfeited Assets, and then only to the extent that such remittances or proceeds exceed any amounts withheld by the Liquidation Trustee for,
 among other things, payment of, and reserves for, Trust expenses and funding of the prosecution of Unresolved Causes of Action. Such cash receipts cannot be predicted with certainty because they are subject to conditions beyond the Trust s control,
 or which are inherently uncertain. Remittances by the Wind-Down Entity will depend on the amount and timing of the Wind-Down Group s sale of its remaining real estate asset, as well as the Wind-Down Group s operating expenses and potential
 construction defect claims. Cash proceeds from Causes of Action will depend on the Trust obtaining, and recovering on, favorable judgments or settlements with respect to Causes of Action. On August 3, 2023, at the recommendation of the Liquidation Trustee, the Trust suspended the making of distributions pending the results of the investigation of a construction defect cl aim. 

23 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

The Trust cannot predict with certainty the
 percentage of distributions to which each holder of a Class A Interest will be entitled. Such percentage will depend on the total number of Liquidation Trust Interests that ultimately are granted. Additional Liquidation Trust Interests
 will be granted to holders of disputed claims as and when the Trust resolves such claims, at which time they become allowed claims under the Plan. To the extent that additional Liquidation Trust Interests are granted to the holders of allowed
 claims, the percentage of distributions to which each holder of a Class A Interest is entitled will decrease. To the extent that additional claims are not allowed, no additional Liquidation Trust Interests will be granted in respect thereof and the
 percentage of distributions to which each holder of a Class A Interest is entitled will increase. As of September 27, 2023, 887.42 million of Class 3, Class 4 and Class 5 Claims have become allowed claims. The Trust estimates, as of September 27,
 2023, that approximately 0.34 million of additional Class 3, Class 4 and Class 5 Claims will ultimately be allowed. However, the actual amount of allowed claims may be materially different from the estimate.

The Class A Interests are thinly traded. The

Class A Interests are not listed on any national securities exchange, but instead are traded on the over-the-counter market (OTC Link ATS) under the symbol WBQNL. Accordingly, the Class A Interests may not be suitable for investors
 preferring highly liquid securities and may present challenges in profit-taking and other trading risks.

The market price for Class A Interests may be volatile. Many factors could cause the market price
 of Class A Interests to rise and fall, including the following:

Declaration and payment of distributions;

Adverse court rulings or other developments affecting the prosecution of the Unresolved Causes of Action;

Actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Trust s or the Wind-Down Group s quarterly or annual financial results;

Various market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, whether or not correct, involving the Trust, the Wind-Down Group, the properties, potential buyers, or the Wind-Down Group s competitors;

Sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of Liquidation Trust Interests, including short selling by investors;

Additions or departures of key personnel;

Regulatory or political developments;

Litigation and governmental or regulatory investigations;

Changes in real estate market conditions; and

General economic, political, and financial market conditions or events.

To the extent that there is volatility in the price of Class A Interests, the Trust may also become the target of securities litigation. 
 Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert the Trustee s and the Supervisory Board s attention and the Company s resources as well as depress the value of Liquidation Trust Interests.

Certain holders of Class A Interests, deemed under the Bankruptcy Code to be underwriters, may not be able to sell or transfer their Class A
 Interests in reliance upon the Bankruptcy Code s exemption from the registration requirements of federal and state securities laws. S uch statutory underwriters may include members of the Supervisory Board and holders of ten percent (10 or more of the Liquidation Trust Interests. Statutory underwriters may not be able to offer or sell their Class A Interests without registration under the Securities Act or applicable state securities i.e. ,
 blue sky laws unless such offer and sale is exempted from the registration requirements of such laws. The offer and sale of Class A Interests by statutory underwriters in reliance upon an exemption from registration under the Securities Act may
 require compliance with the requirements and conditions of Rule 144 of such law, including those regarding the holding period, the adequacy of current public information regarding the Trust, sale volume restrictions, broker transactions, and the
 filing of a notice.

24 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

Potential conflicts of interest exist among the classes of Liquidation Trust Interests. The existence of separate classes of Liquidation
 Trust Interests could give rise to occasions when the interests of the Interestholders could diverge, conflict or appear to diverge or conflict. Operational and financial decisions by the Liquidation Trustee regarding litigation could favor one
 class i.e. , Class A or Class B) of Interestholders over another, adversely affecting the market value of a particular class of Liquidation Trust Interests or the distribution to that particular class of
 Liquidation Trust Interests.

The Class A Interests may become the subject of third-party tender offers . The Trust believes that one or more institutional investors have,
 or in the future may acquire, an interest in conducting a tender offer for the Class A Interests. Such tender offers may be commenced without the offeror having negotiated with the Trust to make price or other terms of the offer more attractive,
 and without the offeror having sought the Trust s recommendation of the offer to its holders. As a result of thin trading of the Class A Interests on the over-the-counter market, the liquidity of such securities may be limited, and it may be
 difficult to establish a market price for such securities. Holders of Class A Interests presented with a tender offer may be at a disadvantage in evaluating such offer.

Risks Relating to Limited Purpose

The Trust has a limited purpose . The
 Trust cannot conduct any trade or business for profit. The Trust was formed pursuant to a chapter 11 bankruptcy plan. The Trust s purpose is to prosecute Causes of Action, to litigate and resolve claims filed against the Debtors, to pay Allowed
 Administrative Claims and Priority Claims against the Debtors (including professional fees), to receive cash from certain sources and, in accordance with the Plan, to make distributions of cash to Interestholders subject to the retention of
 various reserves, including those related to potential construction defect claims and after the payment of Trust expenses and Allowed Administrative Claims and Priority Claims.

The Trust does not expect to generate or receive cash other than from limited sources. The Trust does not expect to receive significant
 cash other than from remittances to the Trust by the Wind-Down Entity (reflecting the net proceeds of the Wind-Down Group s liquidation of its portfolio of real estate assets) and from litigation or settlement by the Trust of its Unresolved Causes
 of Action. Furthermore, the Wind-Down Entity s remaining portfolio is limited.

The Trust s cash may be invested only in investments permissible under applicable Treasury regulations. Cash not available for distribution
 and cash pending distribution is expected to be held in demand and time deposits, such as short-term deposits in banks or other savings institutions or other temporary, liquid investments such as Treasury bills. Such investments are likely to bear
 only low rates of interest. There can be no assurance that cash will earn interest or dividends at a rate in excess of inflation, or at all. The Liquidation Trustee will not be liable in the event of the insolvency or failure of any institution in
 which he or she has invested any funds of the Trust.

Risks Relating to Deposits with Financial Institutions

Our cash and cash equivalents may be exposed
 to the failure of banking institutions. While we seek to minimize our exposure to third-party losses of our cash and cash equivalents, we hold our balances in a number of financial institutions. Notwithstanding their size and reserves,
 such institutions remain subject to the risk of failure. The Company had a banking relationship with First Republic Bank, which was seized and sold to JP Morgan on May 1, 2023. The Company s deposits were within the FDIC insurance limits. The
 recent failures of First Republic Bank, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank have had and may continue to have an adverse impact on other financial institutions, the extent of which impact cannot be foreseen at this time. If, in the future,
 the financial institutions with which we maintain deposits or transact business enter into receivership or become insolvent, there can be no guarantee that the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve or the FDIC will intercede to
 protect depositors and customers. If, at any time, our deposits with any financial institution exceed the FDIC insurance limit, the Company s deposits may be subject to loss. The Company s access to its cash and cash equivalents could also
 become limited, impairing the Company s ability to fund its remaining liquidation activities. In addition, if any parties with which we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to lending relationships or their deposit accounts with
 such a financial institution, the ability of such parties to continue to perform their obligations to us could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our liquidation activities and changes in net assets
 in liquidation.

25 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

Risks Relating to Management and Control

The Trust is controlled by the Liquidation Trustee and the Interestholders have no voting rights regarding decisions made on behalf of the Trust .
 All decisions concerning the Unresolved Causes of Action and distribution of assets of the Trust are to be made by the Liquidation Trustee, in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Trust Agreement, with approval by the Supervisory Board for
 certain decisions as set forth in the Trust Agreement. The Interestholders have no right to elect or remove the Liquidation Trustee. The Liquidation Trustee may be removed by Bankruptcy Court order upon the motion of the Supervisory Board and a
 showing of good cause; provided, however, that the proposed removal and replacement of Michael Goldberg as Liquidation Trustee will require a determination by the Bankruptcy Court that cause exists for such removal and replacement using the
 standard under Bankruptcy Code section 1104 made after notice of such proposed removal and replacement has been provided to the SEC.

Interestholders have only limited rights against the Liquidation Trustee and the Liquidation Trustee has limited liability to the Trust . The
 Trust Agreement provides that the Liquidation Trustee and the Delaware Trustee (and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, employees and representatives) and any officer, employee or agent of the Trust or its affiliates have no liability
 to the Trust or the Interestholders except for acts or omissions of the Liquidation Trustee or the Delaware Trustee undertaken with the deliberate intent to injure the Interestholders or with reckless disregard for the best interests of the
 Interestholders. Any liability of the Liquidation Trustee will be limited to actual, proximate and quantifiable damages. The Trust Agreement further provides that the Liquidation Trustee shall not incur any liability for any act or omission under
 the Trust Agreement unless the Liquidating Trustee has acted with gross negligence, fraud, or willful misconduct. The Trust Agreement provides that the Interestholders have no voting rights (except in connection with certain amendments to the Trust
 Agreement).

The Trust has limited control over the Wind-Down Entity . The business and affairs of the Wind-Down Entity are managed by its Board of
 Managers. The Trust, as the sole member of the Wind-Down Entity, has only limited approval rights over decisions by the Board of Managers. Under the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement, the Trust may remove members of the Board of Managers only for
 Cause, as defined in the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement. In the event of a dispute between the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity as to any matter that cannot be resolved between the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement
 requires that the matter be resolved by the Bankruptcy Court.

The Company s success
 depends on the continuing contributions of its key personnel . The Wind-Down Group has a skilled management team to oversee the resolution of
 construction defect claims relating to its single-family homes, the sale of its remaining real estate property and the accounting and financial reporting for the Trust. However, it does not have agreements with any key personnel that hinders
 such individuals ability to quit at will and, thus, any executive officer or key employee may terminate his or her relationship with the Wind-Down Group at any time upon relatively short notice. 

Being a public company is expensive and
 administratively burdensome . The Trust is subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. The Trust s status as a reporting company under the Exchange Act causes the Trust to incur additional legal, accounting,
 financial reporting and other expenses.

Risks Relating to Taxes

If the Trust is not treated as a liquidating trust for federal tax purposes, there may be adverse tax consequences to the Trust and the
 Interestholders. Pursuant to the Plan and the Trust Agreement, the Trust was organized with the intention that it conform to the requirements of a liquidating trust under applicable IRS rules. However, not all aspects of the formation of
 the Trust are expressly addressed in such rules, and the requirements of such rules are not always specific. No legal opinions have been requested from counsel, and no rulings have been or will be requested from the IRS, as to the tax treatment of
 the Trust. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the IRS will not determine that the Liquidation Trust does not qualify as a liquidating trust. If the Trust does not qualify as a liquidating trust, there may be adverse federal income tax
 consequences, including taxation of the income of the Trust at the entity level, which could reduce the amount of Trust cash available for distributions to Interestholders or result in tax assessments of Interestholders upon their receipt of
 distributions.

26 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

As a liquidating trust, the Trust is subject to
 federal tax rules that limit its operations. To maintain its status as a liquidating trust, the Trust needs to comply with IRS regulations and revenue procedures applicable to the operation of liquidating trusts. The Trust is prohibited or
 restricted from, among other activities, engaging in the conduct of a trade or business, unreasonably prolonging its liquidation activities, or allowing business activities to obscure the liquidating purpose of the Trust. Furthermore, the Trust is
 subject to restrictions on its ability to retain net income or the net proceeds from the sale of assets from year to year and to make investments. Due to the lack of specificity and indeterminate nature of the applicable requirements, there can be
 no assurance that the Trust will be able to comply with the IRS rules. If the Trust fails to comply with such rules, the IRS may determine that the Trust s status as a liquidating trust may be revoked. Revocation of such status may entail adverse
 federal income tax consequences to the Trust and the Interestholders.

The Trust may be restricted under applicable
 federal tax rules from accepting all Fair Fund recoveries and Forfeited Assets. Under applicable IRS rules, liquidating trusts are not permitted to receive or retain cash or cash equivalents in excess of a reasonable amount to meet
 claims and contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims and disputed claims or to maintain the value of the assets during liquidation. It is unclear whether the approximately 5 million cash contributions to the Trust
 under the Plan, together with any future Fair Fund recoveries or Forfeited Assets, will be determined to be an amount in excess of such limit.

An Interestholder s tax liability could exceed
 distributions . If the Trust has income for a taxable year, the appropriate portion of that income may be includable in an Interestholder s taxable income, whether or not any cash is actually distributed to the Interestholder by the Trust.
 The Plan and the Trust Agreement permit the Trust to reserve certain amounts to fund, among other things, operating and other expenses, and do not contain a mandatory tax distribution provision. Therefore, for any particular year, there may be no
 distribution or a distribution that is less than an Interestholder s tax liability on its share of the income of the Trust. Interestholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the acquisition, ownership and disposition of
 Liquidation Trust Interests.

Purchasers of Liquidation Trust Interests may be
 required to make special calculations to determine tax gain or loss on the sale of Liquidation Trust Interests. The Trust does not maintain a separate basis account for any purchaser of a Liquidation Trust Interest in an open market
 transaction. However, to the extent the Trust is treated as a grantor trust, the purchaser may be treated as though such purchaser purchased the Liquidation Trust Interest deemed to have been owned by the selling Interestholder. The new purchaser
 may receive a new tax basis in the acquired Liquidation Trust Interests equal to such purchaser s purchase price of the Liquidation Trust Interests. Upon the sale of assets by the Trust and its related entities, the basis of the Liquidation Trust
 Interest on the books and records of the Trust may be different than the new purchaser s basis, requiring the new purchaser to make special calculations to report the correct gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. Interestholders are urged
 to consult with their tax advisors regarding the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Liquidation Trust Interests.

Expenses incurred by the Trust may not be
 deductible by Interestholders. Expenses incurred by the Trust generally are deemed to have been proportionately paid by each Interestholder. As such, these expenses may not be deductible or be subject to limitations on deductibility.
 Interestholders are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding the acquisition, ownership and disposition of Liquidation Trust Interests.

Before purchasing Liquidation Trust
 Interests, investors are urged to engage in careful tax planning with a tax professional. The federal income tax treatment of the Liquidation Trust Interests is complex and may not be clear in all cases. For example, in the case of an
 investor who purchases Liquidation Trust Interests in more than one transaction at different times and for different prices, and subsequently sells a portion of such Liquidation Trust Interests, there appears to be no clear guidance as to whether
 such purchaser can use average-cost basis in all of its Liquidation Trust Interests or instead may claim a higher or lower tax basis depending on the specific price of each lot. Additionally, the federal income tax treatment of the Liquidation
 Trust Interests may vary depending on the investor s particular facts and circumstances. Investors other than individual citizens or residents of the U.S., and certain other persons subject to special treatment under the Internal Revenue Code,
 should consider the impact of their status on the tax treatment of such an investment. Persons subject to such special treatment under the Internal Revenue Code may include foreign companies, family trusts, 401(k) or individual retirement accounts,
 non-citizens of the U.S., tax-exempt organizations, real estate investment trusts, small business investment companies, regulated investment companies, governmental entities, entities exercising governmental authority, banks and certain other
 financial institutions, broker-dealers, insurance companies, and persons that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar.

27 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

Risks Relating to Accounting, Financial Reporting and Information Management

The Company s consolidated financial statements
 are prepared on the Liquidation Basis of Accounting, which requires the estimation of the future value of assets and the amount of projected expenses. Estimates by management may be based, among other things, on projected selling periods,
 the estimated termination date of the Trust, and the levels of general and administrative expenses (such as payroll, legal and professional fees, office rent and other expenses). However, the actual realized value of the Company s assets and the
 Company s actual expenses are likely to differ from the estimated amounts reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements, and such differences may be material and possibly adverse.

The Company s consolidated financial statements
 do not include any future recoveries from Unresolved Causes of Action and no future Fair Fund recoveries are expected. The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared using the Liquidation Basis of Accounting, under which
 future cash flows are recorded only if the Company has executed an agreement, final court approval is received and collectability is reasonably assured. Because the Company is unable to reasonably estimate future recoveries, if any, from Unresolved
 Causes of Action, and no future Fair Fund recoveries are expected, such items have not been recognized in the Company s consolidated financial statements. Therefore, the Company s consolidated financial statements are not expected to provide
 prospective investors in the Liquidation Trust Interests with meaningful information regarding such future recoveries, the amount of which may be material to the Company s net assets in liquidation.

The Wind-Down Entity s real estate assets may not
 be liquidated at their recorded estimated net realizable value. The estimated net realizable value is an estimate of the amount that the Wind-Down Entity expects to realize from the sale of the real estate assets. The actual sales price
 and closing and other costs may differ from the amounts included in the consolidated financial statements. The estimated sales price and closing and other costs are based on management s analysis of current market conditions. The actual amounts
 realized will be based on negotiations between management and third-party buyers. The actual amounts realized will likely be different than the amounts included in the consolidated financial statements and the differences could be material and
 possibly adverse.

The Wind-Down Entity s and the Trust s operating costs, including reserves for construction defect claims that are included in accrued liquidation costs may be
 different than the actual costs incurred. The projected costs may be different than the actual costs and the length of time required to complete the liquidation process may be longer than the time that was estimated. The actual amount of
 costs will likely be different than the amounts included in the consolidated financial statements and the difference could be material and possibly adverse.

If the Trust is unable to maintain effective
 internal control over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timeliness of its financial reporting may be adversely affected. If the Trust identifies one or more material weaknesses in the Trust s internal control over
 financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year-end, the Trust may be required to disclose that such internal control is ineffective at fiscal year-end. Were this to occur, the Trust could lose investor confidence in the
 accuracy and completeness of its financial reports, which could have a material adverse effect on the Trust s reputation and the value of the Liquidation Trust Interests.

28 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 1A . 

Risk Factors (Continued)

Information technology, data security breaches and other similar events could harm the Company. The Company relies on information
 technology and other computer resources to perform operational activities as well as to maintain its business records and financial data. The Company s computer systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer attacks by
 hackers, viruses, catastrophes, hardware and software failures and breach of data security protocols by its personnel or third-party service providers. Although the Company has implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other
 actions to minimize the risk of cyber incidents and otherwise protect its information technology, computer intrusion efforts are becoming increasingly sophisticated and even the controls that the Company has installed might be breached. Further,
 most of these computer resources are provided to the Company or are maintained on behalf of the Company by third-party service providers pursuant to agreements that specify certain security and service level standards, but which ultimately are
 outside of the Company s control. Additionally, security breaches of the Company s information technology systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, personal and confidential information which could
 result in significant financial or reputational damages to the Company.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

Not Applicable.

Item 2. 

Properties

As of September 27, 2023, the Company s real estate consists of one performing loan secured by a property located in the state of Ohio and one property located in the state of
 Hawaii. A transaction for the sale of the property located in Hawaii is currently pending.

29 

Table of Contents 

Part I 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

Below are descriptions of pending litigation. As the Company is the plaintiff in these legal proceedings and does not have the ability to estimate the ultimate recovery amount until they are settled, and in accordance with the Company s accounting
 policy, no recoveries have been recorded in the Company s consolidated financial statements for these legal proceedings, other than for settlements for which the Trust has entered into a signed settlement agreement and collectability is reasonably
 assured.

Goldberg v. Halloran Sage LLP, et al ., Case No. 19STCV42900 (Cal. Super. Ct., L.A. Cnty., filed Dec. 2, 2019), is an action by the Trust against nine law
 firms (Halloran Sage LLP; Balcomb Green, P.C.; Rome McGuigan, P.C.; Haight Brown Bonesteel LLP; Bailey Cavalieri LLC; Sidley Austin LLP; Davis Graham Stubbs LLP; Robinson Cole LLP; and Finn Dixon Herling LLP) and
 ten individual attorneys (Richard Roberts, Lawrence R. Green, Jon H. Freis, Brian Courtney, Ted Handel, Thomas Geyer, Neal Sullivan, S. Lee Terry, Jr., Shant Chalian, and Reed Balmer) for conduct in connection with their representation of Robert
 Shapiro, the Debtors or their affiliates before the commencement of the Bankruptcy Cases, as well as against up to 100 Doe defendants. The conduct challenged in the complaint includes knowingly and/or negligently preparing loan documents and
 investment agreements with material misstatements and omissions, designing deceptive securities products, preparing incorrect legal opinion memoranda on which investors relied, and assisting in the creation of nominally third-party borrower
 entities that were in fact controlled by Robert Shapiro.

The first set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Halloran Sage LLP, attorney Richard Roberts, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud (First
 Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Second Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Third Count), negligent misrepresentation (Fourth Count), professional negligence (Fifth Count), and aiding and abetting conversion (Sixth
 Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 500 million, as well as for punitive damages.

The second set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Balcomb Green, P.C., attorney Lawrence R. Green, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud
 (Seventh Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Eighth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Ninth Count), negligent misrepresentation (Tenth Count), professional negligence (Eleventh Count), and aiding and abetting conversion
 (Twelfth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 500 million, as well as for punitive damages.

The third set of counts in the complaint are against attorney Jon H. Freis and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud (Thirteenth Count), aiding and abetting
 fraud (Fourteenth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Fifteenth Count), negligent misrepresentation (Sixteenth Count), professional negligence (Seventeenth Count), and aiding and abetting conversion (Eighteenth Count).
 These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 500 million, as well as for punitive damages.

The fourth set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Rome McGuigan, P.C., attorney Brian Courtney, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud
 (Nineteenth Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Twentieth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Twenty-First Count), negligent misrepresentation (Twenty-Second Count), professional negligence (Twenty-Third Count), and
 aiding and abetting conversion (Twenty-Fourth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 500
 million, as well as for punitive damages.

The fifth set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Haight Brown Bonesteel LLP, attorney Ted Handel, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud
 (Twenty-Fifth Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Twenty-Sixth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Twenty-Seventh Count), negligent misrepresentation (Twenty-Eighth Count), professional negligence (Twenty-Ninth Count),
 and aiding and abetting conversion (Thirtieth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 20
 million, as well as for punitive damages.

30 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings (Continued)

The sixth set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Bailey Cavalieri LLC, Thomas Geyer, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud (Thirty-First Count),
 aiding and abetting fraud (Thirty-Second Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Thirty-Third Count), negligent misrepresentation (Thirty-Fourth Count), professional negligence (Thirty-Fifth Count), and aiding and abetting
 conversion (Thirty-Sixth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 500 million, as well as for
 punitive damages.

The seventh set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Sidley Austin LLP, attorney Neal Sullivan, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud
 (Thirty-Seventh Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Thirty-Eighth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Thirty-Ninth Count), negligent misrepresentation (Fortieth Count), professional negligence (Forty-First Count), and
 aiding and abetting conversion (Forty-Second Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 500
 million, as well as for punitive damages.

The eighth set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Davis Graham Stubbs LLP, attorney S. Lee Terry, Jr., and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities
 fraud (Forty-Third Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Forty-Fourth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Forty-Fifth Count), negligent misrepresentation (Forty-Sixth Count), professional negligence (Forty-Seventh Count),
 and aiding and abetting conversion (Forty-Eighth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 200
 million, as well as for punitive damages.

The ninth set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Robinson Cole LLP, attorney Shant Chalian, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud
 (Forty-Ninth Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Fiftieth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Fifty-First Count), negligent misrepresentation (Fifty-Second Count), professional negligence (Fifty-Third Count), and aiding
 and abetting conversion (Fifty-Fourth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 5 million, as
 well as for punitive damages.

The tenth set of counts in the complaint are against law firm Finn Dixon Herling LLP, attorney Reed Balmer, and the Doe defendants for aiding and abetting securities fraud
 (Fifty-Fifth Count), aiding and abetting fraud (Fifty-Sixth Count), aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty (Fifty-Seventh Count), negligent misrepresentation (Fifty-Eighth Count), professional negligence (Fifty-Ninth Count), and
 aiding and abetting conversion (Sixtieth Count). These defendants are alleged to be jointly and severally liable for rescission of investors purchases of securities and for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 5 million, as
 well as for punitive damages.

The eleventh set of counts in the complaint are against law firms Halloran Sage LLP; Balcomb Green, P.C.; Rome McGuigan, P.C.; Haight Brown Bonesteel LLP; Bailey
 Cavalieri LLC; Sidley Austin LLP; Davis Graham Stubbs LLP; Robinson Cole LLP; and Finn Dixon Herling LLP; attorney Jon H. Freis, and the Doe defendants for actual-intent fraudulent transfer (Sixty-First Count) and
 constructive fraudulent transfer (Sixty-Second Count). These defendants are alleged to be liable for damages in an amount believed to be in excess of 5 million, as well as for provisional remedies, avoidance of the transfers, and
 punitive damages.

The case was designated as a complex matter on December 18, 2019 and was assigned to the Honorable Amy Hogue. The following are updates since the
 initial filing:

On March 20, 2020, two sets of defendants Sidley Austin LLP and Neal Sullivan; and Davis Graham Stubbs LLP and S. Lee Terry, Jr. filed special motions to strike the portions
 of the complaint directed at them under a California statute (Civil Procedure Code section 425.16) that permits defendants to bring early challenges to causes of action against them that allegedly arise from protected litigation activity
 if those causes of action lack minimal merit. The defendants that filed these special motions to strike asserted that the claims against them arise from communicative conduct in the course of quasi-judicial proceedings, such as
 regulatory inquiries, and that the Trust cannot establish a likelihood of prevailing on its claims against them. The Trust opposed these motions, and the matters were heard on July 28, 2020, and taken under submission on that date. On
 August 14, 2020, the Court entered orders: (i) granting the motion to strike filed by Sidley Austin LLP and Neal Sullivan, and (ii) granting in part and denying in part the motion to strike filed by Davis Graham Stubbs LLP and S.
 Lee Terry, Jr. In September 2020, the Trust filed notices of appeal of the foregoing orders, and Davis Graham Stubbs LLP and S. Lee Terry, Jr. subsequently filed a cross-appeal. On January 27, 2021, the Court entered an order
 granting, in part, a motion for attorneys fees filed by Sidley Austin LLP and Neal Sullivan, pursuant to which the movants were awarded 282,500.00 in fees and 5,557.87 in costs. On March 1, 2021, the Trustee filed a notice of appeal of
 the order granting fees and costs.

31 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings (Continued)

On April 13, 2020, four sets of defendants Rome McGuigan, P.C. and Brian Courtney; Bailey Cavalieri LLC and Thomas Geyer; Robinson Cole LLP and Shant Chalian; and Finn Dixon
 Herling LLP and Reed Balmer filed motions to quash the service of summonses. The defendants that filed these motions asserted that they are not subject to suit in California because they do not have sufficient contacts with
 California to justify a California court s exercise of jurisdiction over them. The Trust opposed these motions, and the matters were heard in part on July 15, 2020 and in part on July 20, 2020, and (with exception of the motion filed by
 Finn Dixon Herling LLP and Reed Balmer) were taken under submission on July 20, 2020. The motion filed by Finn Dixon Herling LLP, and Reed Balmer was taken off calendar prior to July 20, 2020, and the parties thereafter
 reached a confidential settlement. On July 21, 2020, the Court entered orders granting the motions to quash filed by Rome McGuigan, P.C. and Brian Courtney; Bailey Cavalieri LLC and Thomas Geyer; and Robinson Cole LLP and Shant
 Chalian. On September 10, 2020, the Trust filed a notice of appeal of the foregoing orders.

On June 16, 2020, the Trust reached a confidential settlement with Balcomb Green, P.C. and Lawrence R. Green. On July 6, 2020, these defendants filed a motion seeking the Court s
 determination that the settlement was made in good faith under a California statute (Civil Procedure Code section 877.6) that permits settling defendants to seek a good faith settlement finding in order to bar any other defendant from
 seeking contribution or indemnity. The motion was unopposed, and the Court entered an order granting it on August 12, 2020.

On September 11, 2020, the Trust reached a settlement with Finn Dixon Herling LLP and Reed Balmer that resolved all litigation between them. 

On January 21, 2021, the Trust reached a confidential settlement with Robinson Cole LLP and Shant Chalian. As part of that settlement, the appeal of the jurisdictional ruling as
 to those parties has been dismissed.

The other appeals remain pending. On June 14, 2021, the Trustee filed a combined opening brief for all of the appeals other than his appeal of the order granting fees and costs to
 Sidley Austin LLP. Between September 22 and 29, 2021, the respondents filed their opening briefs. On March 17, 2022, the Trustee filed a combined reply brief for all of the appeals other than his appeal of the order granting fees and
 costs to Sidley Austin LLP. On June 30, 2022, Davis Graham Stubbs LLP filed its reply brief in support of its cross-appeal of the order denying a portion of its special motion to strike. The matter is currently fully briefed and
 awaiting argument.

While the appeals were pending, the Trust reached a settlement with Davis Graham Stubbs LLP and Lee Terry on July 29, 2023 for 25.5
 million, which amount is expected to result in proceeds to the Trust of approximately 17.0 million, net of attorneys fees and other litigation expenses. Davis Graham Stubbs LLP and Mr. Terry have filed a motion for a good-faith
 settlement determination. The motion was granted on August 31, 2023. The settlement resolved all litigation between the Trust and Davis Graham Stubbs LLP and Mr. Terry.

The appeal of the award granting fees and costs to Sidley Austin LLP remains pending. The appeal is fully briefed and will be decided following the disposition of the appeal of the
 underlying order.

In March 2023, the Trust dismissed its claims against Jon H. Freis.

In April 2023, the Trust reached a settlement with Bailey Cavalieri LLC and Thomas Geyer that resolved all litigation between them.

In June 2023, the Trust reached a settlement with Halloran Sage and Richard Roberts for the remaining amount of the law firm s
 applicable liability insurance policies, which resulted in proceeds paid to the Trust on August 11, 2023 of approximately 13.2 million, net of attorneys fees and other litigation expenses. This settlement resolved all litigation
 between the Trust and Halloran Sage and Richard Roberts.

32 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings (Continued)

Goldberg v. Rome McGuigan, P.C., et al., Case No. 2:20-cv-09958-JFW-SK (C.D. Cal.). On October 28, 2020, the Trust filed a federal lawsuit against four
 defendants that prevailed on the motions to quash service of summons in the California state court action (Rome McGuigan, P.C.; Brian Courtney; Bailey Cavalieri LLC; and Thomas Geyer), as well as a fifth defendant (Ivan Acevedo), and certain Doe 
 defendants. The complaint contains counts for (i) violations of section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5; (i) aiding and abetting fraud; (iii) aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty; (iv) negligent misrepresentation; (v)
 professional negligence; (vi) aiding and abetting conversion; (vii) actual fraudulent transfer; and (viii) constructive fraudulent transfer. The conduct challenged in the complaint includes certain of the same conduct challenged in the California
 state court action, and a footnote in the complaint explains: Plaintiff filed an action in Los Angeles Superior Court against [four of these defendants] raising some of the claims asserted in this action. Those defendants filed a motion to quash
 service, alleging that the court did not have personal jurisdiction. The Court granted those motions, and Plaintiff appealed. Plaintiff brings this action to preserve his rights and ensure that his claims against [the defendants] are adjudicated
 on the merits. Should the state court appeal be successful, resulting in two cases being simultaneously litigated on the merits in two forums, [plaintiff] will consider dismissing this action and litigating the case in state court. On January 4,
 2021, the four defendants from the California state court action filed motions to dismiss this federal lawsuit, and on March 4, 2021, the court entered an order granting those motions in part by dismissing the first count (arising under the federal
 securities laws), without ruling on the remaining counts (arising under state law) in light of potential personal jurisdiction issues. On March 29, 2021, the same four defendants again moved to dismiss the remaining counts for lack of personal
 jurisdiction. On April 23, 2021 the federal court entered an order granting those motions, but has not yet entered a final judgment.

Avoidance actions . The Trust is currently prosecuting several legal actions to recover preferential payments, fraudulent transfers, and other funds subject to
 recovery by the bankruptcy estate. These actions were filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the Bankruptcy Court ), are pending before the Honorable J. Kate Stickles, and generally fall into the
 following categories:

Preferential transfers and/or fraudulent transfers (Noteholders and Unitholders) . Certain of the actions include claims arising
 under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code and seek to avoid or recover payments made by the Debtors: (1) during the 90 days prior to the December 4, 2017 bankruptcy filing, including payments to miscellaneous vendors and former Noteholders and
 Unitholders; and/or (2) during the course of the Ponzi scheme (from July 2012 through the December 4, 2017 bankruptcy filing) for interest paid to former Noteholders and Unitholders.

Fraudulent transfers (Shapiro personal expenses) . Two remaining actions include claims arising under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code and seek to avoid and recover payments
 made by the Debtors during the course of the Ponzi scheme (from July 2012 through the December 4, 2017 bankruptcy filing) for the personal expenses of Robert and Jeri Shapiro, including those identified in a forensic report prepared in
 connection with an SEC enforcement action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.

Fraudulent transfers and fraud (against former agents) . Certain of the actions, which arise under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable state law governing
 fraudulent transfers, seek to avoid and recover payments made by the Debtors during the course of the Ponzi scheme (from July 2012 through the December 4, 2017 bankruptcy filing) for commissions to former agents, as well as for fraud,
 aiding and abetting fraud, and the unlicensed sale of securities asserted by the Trust based on claims contributed to the Trust by defrauded investors. These actions were filed by the Trust in the Bankruptcy Court between November 15, 2019
 and December 4, 2019. Actions of this type are also being pursued by the SEC, and it is the Trust s understanding that any recoveries obtained by the SEC will be transmitted to the Trust pursuant to a Fair Fund established by the SEC.

Fraudulent transfers (Kenneth Halbert). The Trust has pursued fraudulent transfer claims against Kenneth Halbert to avoid and recover prepetition payments of principal and
 interest to Mr. Halbert. The Trust filed its initial complaint on December 1, 2019 and the operative first amended complaint on December 7, 2021. Fact discovery closed on April 24, 2023. Thereafter, on June 27, 2023, the Trust agreed to
 settle its pending fraudulent transfer claims against Kenneth Halbert. The terms of the settlement are contained in a settlement agreement between the Trust, and Mr. Halbert. Under the agreement, the Trust agreed to dismiss its claims
 against Mr. Halbert for the sum of 4 million, payable in cash to the Trust. The Trust received the settlement payment on August 15, 2023 and dismissed the action against Mr. Halbert on August 22, 2023.

33 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings (Continued)

The Trust has filed over 400 legal actions of this nature, many of which have been resolved, resulting in recoveries by or judgments in favor of the
 Trust. As of September 27, 2023, 34 of these legal actions remain pending.

Since inception and as of September 27, 2023, the Trust has entered into settlements in approximately 235 legal actions and approximately 245 potential
 avoidance claims for which litigation was not filed, resulting in aggregate settlements of approximately 22.45 million of cash payments made or due to the Trust and approximately 11.28 million in reductions of claims against the Trust.

Additionally, the Trust has obtained judgments of approximately 169.07 million, including default judgments of approximately 152.89 million and
 stipulated judgments of approximately 16.18 million. It is unknown at this time how much, if any, will ultimately be collected on these judgments, as stipulated and default judgments are commonly obtained where the defendant has insufficient
 assets, if any, to satisfy a judgment.

Other legal proceedings. In addition, other legal proceedings were prosecuted by the Trust and United States governmental authorities, which actions resulted
 in recoveries in favor of the Trust. Such actions include:

Actions regarding the Shapiro s personal assets. On December 4, 2019, the Trust filed an action in the Bankruptcy Court, Adv. Pro. No. 10-51076 (BLS), Woodbridge Liquidation Trust v. Robert Shapiro, Jeri Shapiro, 3X a Charm, LLC, Carbondale Basalt Owners, LLC, Davana Sherman Oaks Owners, LLC, In Trend Staging, LLC, Midland Loop Enterprises, LLC, Schwartz
 Media Buying Company, LLC and Stover Real Estate Partners LLC . In this action, the Trust asserts claims under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code and applicable state law for avoidance of preferential and fraudulent transfers together
 with claims for fraud, aiding and abetting fraud, the unlicensed sale of securities, breach of fiduciary duty and unjust enrichment. The Trust seeks to recover damages and assets held in the names of Robert Shapiro, Jeri Shapiro and their
 family members and entities owned or controlled by them, which assets the Trust contends are beneficially owned by the Debtors or for which the Debtors are entitled to recover based on the Shapiros defalcations, including over 20 million
 in avoidable transfers. On February 4, 2022, the Trust entered into a Settlement Agreement with Ms. Jeri Shapiro resolving the Trust s adversary proceeding against Ms. Shapiro. In connection with the Settlement Agreement, Ms. Shapiro
 responded to interrogatories from the Trust and submitted a declaration under penalty of perjury detailing her lack of assets. Upon execution of the Settlement Agreement, Ms. Shapiro executed and delivered a Stipulated Judgment for
 approximately 20.6 million that will be held by the Trust in escrow for three years that can be entered without notice if the Trust learns Ms. Shapiro s representations in her declaration were false or materially inaccurate. Additionally,
 Ms. Shapiro authorized the Trust to expunge the filed claims of certain co-defendants she was listed as an officer and turned over payments to the Trust that were received by certain co-defendants in the adversary proceeding. A stipulation
 of dismissal (as to Ms. Shapiro only) was entered on April 1, 2022.

Criminal proceeding and forfeiture. In connection with the United States criminal case against Robert Shapiro (Case No. No. 19-20178-CR-ALTONAGA (S.D. Fla. 2019)),
 Shapiro agreed to the forfeiture of certain assets. The Trust filed a petition in the Florida court to claim the Forfeited Assets as property of the Debtors estates, and therefore as property that had vested in the Trust pursuant to the
 Plan. The Trust has entered into an agreement with the United States Department of Justice to resolve its claim. The agreement was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on September 17, 2020 and was approved by the United States District Court
 on October 1, 2020. Among other things, the agreement provides for the release of specified Forfeited Assets by the United States to the Trust, and for the Trust to liquidate those assets and distribute the net sale proceeds to Qualifying
 Victims, which include the vast majority of Trust beneficiaries specifically, all former holders of Class 3 and 5 claims under the Plan and their permitted assigns but do not include former holders of Class 4 claims under the Plan. The
 Trust has taken possession of the Forfeited Assets and has sold the wine and gold assets as well as an automobile. A substantial majority of the jewelry, art, clothing, handbags and shoes have also been sold.

34 

Table of Contents 

Part I

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings (Continued)

Wind-Down Group litigation . The Wind-Down Group owned a
 portfolio of real estate assets, which included secured loans and other properties. As part of its recovery efforts, the Wind-Down Group, through its subsidiaries, is involved in ordinary routine litigation incidental to such assets. Among
 other litigation, certain Woodbridge entities (including the Trust, the Wind-Down Entity, and WB 8607 Honoapiilani, LLC) filed an action against Certain Underwriters at Lloyd s of London in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging that the defendant
 insurer breached its obligations under an insurance policy purchased to protect a property owned by WB 8607 Honoapiilani (a subsidiary of the Wind-Down Entity) in Hawaii, which property was destroyed by fire in August 2017. The Superior Court
 granted the defendant s motion for summary judgment, and on March 25, 2021 entered judgment in favor of the defendant. The judgment provided that plaintiffs take nothing by way of the complaint. Further, the judgment provided that defendant
 refund plaintiffs for the premium payments under the insurance policy at issue in the lawsuit 110,829.43), less all amounts paid by the defendant in respect of claims under the policy 97,770.38) and less defendant s costs (defendant requested
 costs of 9,874.71). Plaintiffs appealed the judgment. The appeal was fully briefed and oral argument took place before the Court of Appeal on November 21, 2022. After extending its time to rule on the submitted matter, the Court of Appeal
 entered its ruling on April 19, 2023. In an unpublished opinion, the Court of Appeal affirmed the judgment of the Superior Court and awarded costs on appeal to the respondent Underwriters. Although the Wind Down Entity had a right to petition the
 California Supreme Court for review, such petitions are rarely granted, and counsel did not believe that there was a realistic chance that the petition would be granted, particularly since the Court of Appeal opinion is unpublished and would not
 be citable precedent in California. As such, the Court of Appeal opinion became final 30 days after entry, on May 19, 2023.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

35 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

The Trust has two classes of common equity: Class A Interests and Class B Interests. Neither class is listed on any national securities exchange.

Class A Interests are traded on the over-the-counter market (OTC Link ATS) under the trading symbol
 WBQNL. Over-the-counter quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. As of September 27, 2023, there were approximately 7,124 holders of record of
 the Class A Interests.

Since issuance, Class B Interests have not been transferable except by operation of law or by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Accordingly, there has not been any
 established public trading market for the Class B Liquidation Trust Interests or any available price quotations. As of September 27, 2023 there were approximately 1,182 holders of record of the Class B Interests.

Dividends and Distributions

Liquidation Trust Interests represent a right to receive a pro rata portion of distributions by the Trust pursuant to the terms of the Plan and the Trust
 Agreement. Since the Plan Effective Date, the Liquidation Trustee has authorized eleven cash distributions to the holders of Class A Interests. See Item 1. Business A. Overview of this Annual Report.

The Liquidation Trustee will continue to assess the adequacy of funds held and determine the availability of funds for additional
 distributions to Interestholders, but does not currently know the timing or amount of any such distribution(s). Additional cash distributions will be subject to, among other things, the establishment of reasonable reserves for contingent
 liabilities, including potential construction defect claims and future costs and expenses. Pursuant to the Plan and the Trust Agreement, all distributions are net of any costs and expenses incurred by the Trust in connection with administering,
 litigating or otherwise resolving the various Causes of Action of the Trust and operating the Trust. Amounts withheld and not distributed may also include fees and expenses of the Liquidation Trustee, premiums for directors and officers 
 insurance, and other insurance and fees and expenses of attorneys and consultants.

Distributions will be made only from assets of the Trust and only to the extent that the Trust has sufficient assets (in excess of
 reserves for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims and future costs and expenses, among other things) to make such payments in accordance with the Plan and the Trust Agreement. No distribution is required to be made
 to any Interestholder unless such Interestholder is to receive in such distribution at least 10.00 or unless such distribution is the final distribution to such Interestholder pursuant to the Plan and the Trust Agreement. Distributions will be
 made at the sole discretion of the Liquidation Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and the Trust Agreement.

On August 3, 2023, at the recommendation of the
 Liquidation Trustee, the Trust suspended the making of additional Trust distributions pending the results of the investigati on of a construction defect claim. 

Since its inception, the Wind-Down Entity has made substantial progress toward completion of its liquidation
 activities and has liquidated all but two real estate assets with a net carrying value of approximately 0.77 million. Holders of Liquidation Trust Interests are advised that future distributions from the Trust, if any, will be limited and will be
 materially reliant on future recoveries from litigation, net of accrued liquidation costs, including amounts for potential construction defect claims, which are uncertain and the amount and timing of which, if any, are difficult to determine.

36 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 (Continued)

As claims are resolved, additional Class A Interests may be issued or cancelled (see Part 1, Item 1. Business, D. Plan Provisions Regarding the Company, 2. Treatment under the Plan
 of holders of claims against and equity interests in the Debtors and 3. Assets and liabilities of the Company ). Therefore, the total amount of a distribution declared may change between the date declared and the date paid. In addition,
 distributions may change if Interestholders that were previously deemed to have forfeited their rights to receive Class A Interest distributions subsequently respond and if overpaid distributions are returned.

Sales of Unregistered Securities

In accordance with the Plan, all Liquidation Trust Interests have been issued without registration under the Securities Act. The Liquidation Trust Interests have been issued only
 to holders of allowed claims in Class 3, Class 4, and Class 5 entirely in exchange for such claims. See Item 1. Business - D. Plan Provisions Regarding the Company - 2. Treatment under the Plan of
 holders of claims against and equity interests in the Debtors of this Annual Report. During the period from February 15, 2019 (inception) through June 30, 2023, the Trust has issued an aggregate of 11,543,697 Class A Interests and an aggregate of
 677,790 Class B Interests. As of June 30, 2023, the Trust has 11,515,800 Class A Interests and 675,617 Class B Interests outstanding. All Liquidation Trust Interests were issued on the Plan Effective Date or from time to time thereafter as soon as
 practicable as and when claims in Class 3, Class 4 or Class 5 have become allowed.

During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Trust issued the following Liquidation Trust Interests:

Date of Sale

Number of

 Class A

 Interests Sold

Number of

 Class B

 Interests Sold

Nature of the

 Transaction

Consideration

 Received

May 29, 2023

1,610.00

-

Allowance of claims

Allowance of claims

Total

1,610.00

-

The issuance of Liquidation Trust Interests without registration under the Securities Act has occurred in reliance upon the exemption from such registration afforded by Section
 1145(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code. Section 1145(a)(1) exempts the offer and sale of securities under a plan of reorganization from registration under the Securities Act and state securities laws and regulation if (i) the securities are offered and
 sold under a plan of reorganization and are securities of the debtor, of an affiliate of the debtor participating in a joint plan with the debtor, or of a successor to the debtor under the plan; (ii) the recipients of the securities hold a
 pre-petition or administrative claim against the debtor or an interest in the debtor; and (iii) the securities are issued entirely in exchange for the recipient s claim against or interest in the debtor, or principally in such exchange and partly
 for cash or property. The Trust believes that the Liquidation Trust Interests are securities of a successor to the Debtors within the meaning of Section 1145(a)(1), and such securities were issued under the Plan entirely in exchange for allowed
 claims in Class 3, Class 4, and Class 5.

Item 6. 

[Reserved]

37 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of changes in net assets and net assets in liquidation should be read in conjunction with Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 of Part II of this Annual Report, and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. All such
 forward-looking statements are based upon the Trust s current expectations and involve risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. See Cautionary
 Note About Forward-Looking Statements included at the beginning of this Annual Report for a description of these risks and uncertainties. The Trust, the Remaining Debtors, the Wind-Down Entity and the Wind-Down Subsidiaries, as used herein, are
 defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements and are collectively referred to herein as the Company .

Overview 

Pursuant to the Plan, the Trust was formed on February 15, 2019 to hold, either directly or indirectly through the Wind-Down
 Entity and the Wind-Down Subsidiaries, the assets and equity interests formerly owned by the Debtors. Each of the real properties formerly owned by the Debtors was transferred, on the effective date of the Plan to one of the Wind-Down
 Subsidiaries. The purpose of the Wind-Down Group is to develop (as applicable), market, and sell those properties to generate cash. Assets formerly owned by the Debtors other than real estate assets and certain cash were transferred to the Trust
 on the Plan Effective Date. The purpose of the Trust is to receive remittances of cash from the Wind-Down Entity, to resolve disputed claims, to prosecute the Causes of Action, to pay Allowed Administrative Claims and Priority Claims and subject
 to the payment of Trust expenses and the retention of various reserves, to make distributions of cash to Interestholders in accordance with the Plan.

The Trust operates pursuant to the Plan and the Trust Agreement. The Trust was formed as a Delaware statutory trust and is administered by the Liquidation Trustee under the
 supervision of its Supervisory Board. The Wind-Down Entity, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Trust, operates pursuant to the Plan and the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement. The Wind-Down Entity was formed as a Delaware limited liability company and is
 administered by its Board of Managers. The current sole member of the Board of Managers is also a member of the Supervisory Board of the Trust.

The Bankruptcy Court has retained certain jurisdiction regarding the Trust, the Liquidation Trustee, the Supervisory Board, the
 Wind-Down Entity, the Board of Managers, and assets of the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity, including the determination of all disputes arising out of or related to administration of the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity and its subsidiaries.

As of September 27, 2023 and June 30, 2023, the number of Liquidation Trust Interests outstanding in each class is as follows:

Number Outstanding as of

September 27, 2023 

June 30, 2023 

Class A Liquidation Trust Interests

11,514,578 

11,515,800

Class B Liquidation Trust Interests

675,617 

675,617

For each of the classes of Liquidation Trust Interests, the number of Liquidation Trust Interests outstanding will increase to the extent that the disputed claims become allowed
 claims. In addition, the number of Liquidation Trust Interests outstanding will decrease to the extent that disputed claims are settled by cancelling previously issued Liquidation Trust Interests.

38 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Since the Plan Effective Date through June 30, 2023, the Wind-Down Subsidiaries have disposed of approximately 148 properties
 for aggregate net sales proceeds of approximately 576.00 million. As of June 30, 2023, the Company owned two real estate assets with a net carrying value of approximately 0.77 million. Given the significantly smaller inventory of remaining
 real estate assets when compared to the inventory as of the Plan Effective Date, the amount of net proceeds from the sale of real estate assets in the future will be negligible as compared to the amount realized from the Plan Effective Date
 through June 30, 2023. The Company currently expects to complete its liquidation activities during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2026.

Discussion of the Company s Operations 

For the Year ended June 30, 2023

The following is a summary of the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation for the year ended June 30, 2023 in thousands):

Restricted for

 Qualifying Victims

All

 Interestholders

Total

Net assets in liquidation as of beginning of year

3,485

30,910

34,395

Change in assets and liabilities:

Restricted for Qualifying Victims -

change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

6

-

6

All Interestholders-

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

-

(5,197

(5,197

Distributions (declared) reversed, net

-

(22,431

(22,431

Net change in assets and liabilities

-

(27,628

(27,628

Net assets in liquidation, as of end of year

3,491

3,282

6,773

Net assets in liquidation Restricted for Qualifying Victims increased by approximately 6,000 during the year ended June 30,
 2023.

Net assets in liquidation All Interestholders decreased by approximately 27.63 million during the year ended June 30, 2023. This decrease was due to a decrease in the
 net carrying value of assets and liabilities of approximately 5.20 million, and a decrease from net distributions (declared) reversed of approximately 22.43 million (distributions declared of 25.03 million, less distributions reversed of
 2.60 million for claims being disallowed or Class A Interests being cancelled).

The components of the changes in the carrying value of assets and liabilities, net are as follows in thousands):

Restricted for

 Qualifying Victims

All

 Interestholders

Total

Remeasurement of assets and liabilities, net (1)

6

(5,066

(5,060

Carrying value in excess of sales proceeds

-

(1,555

(1,555

Settlement recoveries, net (2)

-

206

206

Other (3)

-

1,218

1,218

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

6

(5,197

(5,191

(1) 

Includes accrued interest of approximately 62,000 and 1.57 million for Restricted for Qualifying Victims and for All Interestholders,
 respectively.

39 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

(2)

Net of 5 payable to the Liquidation Trustee of approximately 33,000 and an increase in the allowance for uncollectible settlement
 installment receivables of approximately 57,000 during the year ended June 30, 2023.

(3)

The components of Other are as follows in thousands):

Sales of furniture, net 

635 

Cash interest earned

531

Miscellaneous 

52 

Total

1,218

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company:

Declared one distribution of 2.18 per Class A Interest, which totaled approximately 25.02 million. Distributions declared were also
 reduced by approximately 22,000 relating to claims that were denied after the tenth distribution was paid. Distributions declared were reduced by approximately 20,000 that was received from Interestholders that had been overpaid on
 prior distributions. Distributions declared were increased by approximately 60,000 relating to the first through tenth distributions for a claim that was allowed and for which the Company had not accrued a distribution.

Reversed distributions of approximately 2.63 million from claims being disallowed or Class A Interests being cancelled. Distributions that had been previously reversed were recorded of approximately 0.03
 million for Interestholders that were previously deemed to have forfeited their rights to receive Class A Interest distributions but had subsequently responded .

Sold Forfeited Assets, including an automobile, jewelry, handbags, clothing and shoes for net proceeds of approximately 0.81 million.

Sold one single-family home, one other property and settled one secured loan for net proceeds of approximately 26.95 million.

Recorded approximately 0.30 million from the settlement of other Causes of Action, net of 5 payable to the Liquidation Trustee.

Accrued interest earnings for the period from July 1, 2023 through March 31, 2026 of approximately 1.63 million of which approximately 0.06 million relates to Forfeited Assets and the remaining amount of
 approximately 1.57 million relates to All Interestholders.

As a result of the expected additional time required for the Company to complete its liquidation activities from February 15, 2024
 to March 31, 2026, the Company accrued additional accrued liquidation costs of approximately 7.7 million. The additional costs are primarily legal and other professional fees and payroll and payroll-related costs. A portion of the
 accrued liquidation costs relate to estimated reserves for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims and the administration of such claims after its liquidation activities are completed.

Paid construction costs of approximately 1.99 million relating to single-family homes under development.

Paid holding costs of approximately 0.68 million.

Paid general and administrative costs of approximately 13.25 million, including approximately 0.53 million of board member fees and expenses, approximately 6.92 million of payroll and other general and
 administrative costs and approximately 5.80 million of professional fees.

40 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

For the year ended June 30, 2022

The following is a summary of the Consolidated Statement of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation for the year ended June 30, 2022 in thousands):

Restricted for

 Qualifying Victims

All

 Interestholders

Total

Net assets in liquidation as of beginning of year

3,167

126,373

129,540

Change in assets and liabilities:

Restricted for Qualifying Victims -

change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

318

-

318

All Interestholders-

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

-

47,602

47,602

Distributions (declared) reversed, net

-

(143,065

(143,065

Net change in assets and liabilities

-

(95,463

(95,463

Net assets in liquidation, as of end of year

3,485

30,910

34,395

Net assets in liquidation Restricted for Qualifying Victims increased by approximately 0.32 million during the year ended June 30, 2022.

Net assets in liquidation All Interestholders decreased approximately 95.46 million during the year ended June 30, 2022. This decrease was due to an increase in the net
 carrying value of assets and liabilities of approximately 47.60 million, net and a decrease from net distributions (declared) reversed of approximately 143.06 million (distributions declared of 145.04 million, less distributions reversed of
 1.98 million for claims being disallowed or Class A Interests being cancelled).

The components of the change in the carrying value of assets and liabilities, net are as follows in thousands):

Restricted for

 Qualifying Victims

All

 Interestholders

Total

Causes of Actions, net(1):

Comerica Bank

-

23,575

23,575

Other settlement recoveries recognized, net

-

2,004

2,004

Sales proceeds in excess of carrying value

53

20,130

20,183

Remeasurement of assets and liabilities, net

265

1,016

1,281

Other (2)

-

877

877

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

318

47,602

47,920

(1) 

Net of 5 payable to the Liquidation Trustee of approximately 1.24 million for Comerica Bank and 105,000 for other settlement agreements
 during the year ended June 30, 2022.

(2) 

The components of Other are as follows in thousands):

Forfeited deposit from prospective buyer 

318

Bond refunds

185

Sales of furniture, net

162

Property tax refunds

79

Cash interest earned

54

Miscellaneous

79

Total 

877

41 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company:

Declared three distributions of 3.44, 3.44 and 5.63 per Class A Interest, which totaled approximately 40.02 million, approximately 39.98 million and approximately 65.04 million, respectively and 145.04
 million in the aggregate.

Reversed distributions of approximately 0.82 primarily from claims being disallowed or Class A Interests being cancelled and reversed distributions of approximately 1.16 million for Interestholders that were
 deemed to have forfeited their rights to receive Class A Interest distributions.

Sold Forfeited Assets including wine, gold, handbags, clothing and shoes for net proceeds of approximately 0.61 million.

Completed construction of two single-family homes (642 St. Cloud and 638 Siena).

Sold six single-family homes and settled two secured loans for net proceeds of approximately 131.72 million. One of the
 single-family homes was under construction.

Recorded approximately 23.57 million from the settlement of the two pending actions against Comerica Bank, net of 5 payable to the Liquidation Trustee.

Recorded approximately 2.00 million from the settlement of other Causes of Action, net of 5 payable to the Liquidation Trustee.

Paid construction costs of approximately 13.49 million relating to single-family homes under development.

Paid holding costs of approximately 2.67 million.

Paid general and administrative costs of approximately 16.17 million, including approximately 0.71 million of board member fees and expenses, approximately 5.77 million of payroll and other general and
 administrative costs and approximately 9.69 million of professional fees.

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity

The Company s only sources for meeting its capital requirements are its cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from the sale of
 its real estate assets, collection of escrow receivables, recoveries on Causes of Action and proceeds from the sale of Forfeited Assets. 1 The Company s primary uses of funds are and will continue to be for distributions and
 operating costs, including reserves for construction defect claims. While the Company expects to be able to adequately fund its operations over the next twelve months from its primary sources of capital, during the year ended June 30, 2023,
 a construction defect claim was asserted against a subsidiary of the Company by the buyer of one of the subsidiary s single-family homes. At this time, the amount of the liability exposure, if any, has not been determined and it is not known
 whether the subsidiary has any exposure in excess of its insurance coverage.

Capital Resources

In addition to consolidated cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023 of approximately 30.18 million (of which approximately 4.47 million is restricted), the capital
 resources available to the Company are as follows:

1 The Trust is required to distribute the net sale proceeds from liquidating the Forfeited Assets to the Qualifying Victims.
 Qualifying Victims are the former holders of Class 3 and Class 5 claims and their permitted assigns. Former holders of Class 4 claims are not Qualifying Victims. Because of the requirement to distribute the net sale proceeds of the Forfeited
 Assets to the Qualifying Victims only, the Forfeited Assets as of June 30, 2023 are presented in the consolidated statement of net assets as restricted net assets in liquidation. As of June 30, 2023, 11,435,913 of the 11,515,800 Class A
 Interests were held by Qualifying Victims. Of the 13,875 Class A Interests relating to unresolved claims as of June 30, 2023, 1,880 were for Qualifying Victims.

42 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Sales of Real Estate : As of June 30, 2023, the Company
 owned a total of two real estate assets (including a promissory note that it plans to hold to maturity) with an estimated net carrying value of approximately 0.77 million. Based on the remaining assets of the Company, future net
 proceeds will be negligible as compared to the proceeds the Company has realized in prior periods. A transaction for the sale of the property located in Hawaii is currently pending.

Causes of Action Recoveries : During the year ended June 30,
 2023, the Company recognized and received approximately 0.30 million from the settlement of Causes of Action. During the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023, the Company recognized and received approximately 17.41
 million, net of litigation costs and attorney fees, from the settlement of Causes of Action. During the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023, the Company recorded approximately 1.20 million payable to the Liquidation
 Trustee, related to the settlement of Causes of Action. There can be no assurance that the amounts the Company recovers from settling Causes of Action in the future will be consistent with the amount recovered in prior periods.

Interest Earnings : At June 30, 2023, the Company accrued
 approximately 1.64 million of interest earnings through March 31, 2026. Of this amount, the Company projects to receive approximately .93 million of interest earnings through June 30, 2024 . 

Forfeited Assets: Forfeited Assets consist of cash and
 other assets (jewelry, art, clothing, handbags and shoes). During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Trust sold some of its Forfeited Assets and received net proceeds of approximately 0.81 million. As noted earlier, net sale proceeds
 from liquidating the Forfeited Assets are to be distributed only to Qualifying Victims.

Uses of Liquidity 

The primary uses of the Company s liquidity are to pay distributions payable, operating costs, and costs related to
 construction defect claim(s) (if required). As of June 30, 2023, the Company s total liabilities were approximately 26.82 million. The total liabilities recorded as of June 30, 2023 may not be indicative of the costs paid in future periods,
 which may vary materially from the current estimate.

Given current cash and cash equivalent balances, projected sales of real estate assets, estimated Causes of Action recoveries,
 distributions payable, and expected cash needs, the Company does not expect a deficiency in liquidity in the next twelve months. Due to the uncertain nature of future net sales proceeds, recoveries and costs to be incurred, it is not possible
 to be certain that the current liquidity will be adequate to cover all future financial needs of the Company. Creating contingent obligation agreements and/or seeking methods to reduce professional costs, including legal fees, and
 administrative costs are strategies that could be undertaken to address liquidity issues should they arise. These strategies could impact the Company s ability to maximize recoveries from the settlement of unresolved Causes of Action.

Distributions 

Distributions will be made at the sole discretion of the Liquidation Trustee in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and
 the Trust Agreement. On August 3, 2023, at the recommendation of the Liquidation Trustee, the Trust suspended the making of additional Trust distributions
 pending the result of the Company s investigation of a construction defect claim. 

As of September 27, 2023, the Liquidation Trustee has declared eleven distributions to the Class A Interestholders. The
 distributions include a cash distribution on account of the then-allowed claims and a deposit is made into a restricted cash account for amounts that are or may become payable (a) in respect of Class A Interests that may be issued in the future
 upon the allowance of unresolved bankruptcy claims, (b) in respect of Class A Interests on account of recently allowed claims, (c) for holders of Class A Interests who failed to cash distribution checks mailed in respect of prior distributions,
 (d) for distributions that were withheld due to pending avoidance actions and (e) for holders of Class A Interests for which the Trust is waiting for further beneficiary information.

43 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

As claims are resolved, additional Class A Interests may be issued or cancelled (see Part 1, Item 1. Business, D. Plan
 Provisions Regarding the Company, 2. Treatment under the Plan of holders of claims against and equity interests in the Debtors and 3. Assets and liabilities of the Company ). Therefore, the total amount of a distribution declared may
 change. In addition, distributions may change if Interestholders that were previously deemed to have forfeited their rights to receive Class A Interest distributions subsequently respond, and if overpaid distributions are returned. The
 Liquidation Trustee will continue to assess the adequacy of funds held and expects to make additional cash distribution(s) on account of Class A Interests but does not currently know the timing or amount of any such distribution(s).

Sections 7.6 and 7.18 of the Plan provide that distributions that have not been cashed within 180 calendar days of their issuance shall be null and void and the holder of
 the associated Liquidation Trust Interests shall be deemed to have forfeited its rights to any reserved and future Distributions under the Plan, with such amounts to become Available Cash of the Trust for all purposes. On February 1, 2022,
 the Trust sent letters to the holders of the Class A Interests who had failed to cash distribution checks in respect of prior distributions, which checks were issued more than 180 days prior to the date of the letter. The letter informed each
 recipient that, unless the Trust was contacted on or before February 28, 2022, such recipient s reserved and future distributions would be deemed forfeited in accordance with the Plan The Trust provided this final notice simply as a one-time
 courtesy and reserves its rights to strictly enforce the Plan s forfeiture provisions, and any other provision of the Plan, against any person (including any recipient of the final notice) at any time in the future, without further notice.

The following tables summarize the distributions declared, distributions paid and the activity in the restricted cash account for the periods from February 15, 2019
 (inception) through June 30, 2023 and from February 15, 2019 (inception) through September 27, 2023:

During the Period from 
 February 15, 2019 (inception) through 
 June 30, 2023 in Millions)

During the Period from 
 February 15, 2019 (inception) through 
 September 27, 2023 in Millions)

Date 

 Declared

per 
 Class A Interest

Total

 Declared

Paid

Restricted 

Cash

 Account

Total

 Declared

Paid

Restricted

 Cash

 Account

Distributions Declared

First

3/15/2019

3.75

44.70

42.32

2.38

44.70

42.32

2.38

Second

1/2/2020

4.50

53.44

51.20

2.24

53.44

51.20

2.24

Third

3/31/2020

2.12

25.00

24.19

0.81

25.00

24.19

0.81

Fourth

7/13/2020

2.56

29.97

29.24

0.73

29.97

29.24

0.73

Fifth

10/19/2020

2.56

29.96

29.21

0.75

29.96

29.21

0.75

Sixth

1/7/2021

4.28

50.01

48.67

1.34

50.01

48.67

1.34

Seventh (a)

5/13/2021

2.58

30.04

29.35

0.69

30.04

29.35

0.69

Eighth

10/8/2021

3.44

40.02

39.14

0.88

40.02

39.14

0.88

Ninth

2/4/2022

3.44

39.98

39.15

0.83

39.98

39.15

0.83

Tenth

6/15/2022

5.63

65.02

64.19

0.83

65.02

64.19

0.83

Eleventh

5/10/2023

2.18

25.02

24.90

0.12

25.02

24.90

0.12

Subtotal

37.04

433.16

421.56

11.60

433.16

421.56

11.60

Distributions Returned / (Reversed)

Disallowed/cancelled (b)

(6.27

(6.31

Returned (c)

0.74

0.74

Forfeited (d)

(1.13

(1.13

Subtotal

(6.66

(6.70

Distributions Paid from Reserve Account (e)

(3.66

(3.66

Distributions Payable, Net

as of 6/30/2023:

1.28

as of 9/27/2023:

1.24

(a) 

The seventh distribution included the cash the Trust received from recoveries of Fair Funds.

(b) 

As a result of claims being disallowed or Class A Interests cancelled.

(c) 

Distribution checks returned or not cashed.

(d) 

Distributions forfeited as Interestholders did not cash checks that were over 180 days old.

(e) 

Paid as claims are allowed or resolved.

44 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Since its inception, the Wind-Down Entity has made substantial progress toward completion of its
 liquidation activities and has liquidated all but two real estate assets with a net carrying value of approximately 0.77 million. Holders of Liquidation Trust Interests are advised that future distributions from the Trust, if any, will be
 limited and will be materially reliant on future recoveries from litigation, net of accrued liquidation costs, including amounts for potential construction defect claims, which are uncertain and the amount and timing of which, if any, are
 difficult to determine.

Contractual Obligations 

The Company has an office lease that expires on January 31, 2024. The Company expects that it will continue to lease office
 space until the liquidation process is completed. The Wind-Down Entity has part-time employment agreements with its two executive officers through December 31, 2023. The agreements renew automatically until terminated, subject to the right of
 either party to terminate the agreement at any time and for any reason on thirty days advance written notice.

Critical Accounting Policies and Practices 

The Company s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The accounting policies and
 practices that the Company believes are the most critical are discussed below. These accounting policies and practices require management to make decisions on subjective and/or complex matters that may inherently be uncertain. Estimates are
 required to prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. Significant estimates, judgments and assumptions are required in a number of areas, including, but not limited to, the sales price of real estate assets,
 selling costs, development costs, holding costs, general and administrative costs to be incurred until the completion of the liquidation activities of the Company and estimated reserves for contingent liabilities, including potential
 construction defect claims and the administration of such claims after the Company s liquidation activities are completed. In many instances, changes in the accounting estimates are likely to occur from period to period. Actual results may
 differ from the estimates. The Company believes the current assumptions and other considerations used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are appropriate. However, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other
 considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s net assets in liquidation.

Liquidation Basis of Accounting 

Under the Liquidation Basis of Accounting, all assets are recorded at their estimated net realizable value or liquidation value, which represents the estimated amount of
 net cash that may be received upon the disposition of the assets (on an undiscounted basis). Liabilities are measured in accordance with U.S. GAAP that otherwise applies to those liabilities. The Company has not recorded any amount from the
 future settlement of unresolved Causes of Action in the accompanying consolidated financial statements until an agreement is executed, final court approval is received and collectability is reasonably assured. The amounts recovered may be
 material to the Company s net assets in liquidation. 

Valuation of Real Estate 

The measurement of real estate assets held for sale is based on current contracts (if any), if contingencies have been removed, estimates and other indications of sales
 value, net of estimated selling costs. To determine the value of real estate assets held for sale, the Company considered the three traditional approaches to value (cost, income and sales comparison) commonly used by the real estate appraisal
 community. The applicability and relevancy of each valuation approach as applied may differ by asset. In most cases, the sales comparison approach was accorded the greatest weight. This approach compares a property to other properties with
 similar characteristics that have recently sold. To validate management s estimate, the Company also considers opinions from qualified real estate professionals and local real estate brokers and, in some cases, has obtained third party
 appraisals.

45 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued)

Other Assets 

The Company recognizes recoveries from the settlement of unresolved Causes of Action when an agreement is executed and collectability is reasonably assured. 
 An allowance for uncollectible settlement installment receivables is recorded when there is doubt about the collectability of the receivable. The Company records escrow receivables at the amount that is expected to be received when the
 escrow receivable is released. The Forfeited Assets received from the United States Department of Justice (the DOJ ), other than cash, have been recorded at their estimated net realizable value. The Company accrues expected interest
 earnings when it can forecast the interest rate to be paid on its cash on deposit.

In addition, the Company recognizes other amounts to be received based on contractual terms or when the amounts to be received are certain.

Accrued Liquidation Costs 

The estimated costs associated with implementing and completing the Company s plan of liquidation are recorded as accrued
 liquidation costs. The Company has also recorded the estimated remaining development costs to be paid and an accrual for contingent liabilities, including potential construction defect claims as well as the estimated holding, maintenance and
 repair costs to be incurred and the estimated general and administrative costs to be incurred until the completion of the liquidation of the Company.

Changes in Carrying Value 

On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews the estimated net realizable values, liquidation costs and the estimated date of the completion of the liquidation of the Company
 and records any significant changes. The Company will also evaluate an asset when it is under contract for sale and the buyer s contingencies have been removed. During the period that this occurs, the carrying value of the asset and the
 estimated closing and other costs will be adjusted, if necessary. If the Company has a change in its plan for the disposition of an asset, the carrying value will be adjusted to reflect this change in the period that the change is approved. The
 change in value may also include a change to the accrued liquidation costs related to the asset.

All changes in the estimated liquidation value of the Company s assets, real estate held for sale, or other assets and
 liabilities, are reflected as a change to the Company s net assets in liquidation.

46 

Table of Contents 

Part II

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Not applicable, as the Company is a smaller reporting company within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the consolidated financial statements set forth in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report, Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules .

Item 9. 

Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As of the end of the period covered by this report, management and the Liquidation Trustee evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
 controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, management and the Liquidation Trustee concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to ensure
 that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls
 and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Liquidation Trustee, as appropriate to
 allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f)
 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

In connection with the preparation of our Form 10-K, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In
 making that assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).

Based on its assessment, our management believes that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. There have
 been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections

None.

47 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance

The Liquidation Trustee

The Trust does not have directors or executive officers. All of the management and executive authority over the Trust resides in the Liquidation Trustee, subject to the
 supervision of the Supervisory Board.

Michael I. Goldberg, Esq. , the
 Liquidation Trustee, age 59, has served as the Liquidation Trustee since inception of the Trust on February 15, 2019. Prior to that time, Mr. Goldberg served as a member of the Debtors independent board of managers and had been the SEC s
 designee to that Board. Mr. Goldberg was unanimously selected to be the Liquidation Trustee by the Unsecured Creditors Committee, the Noteholder Committee, and the Unitholder Committee in the Debtors Bankruptcy Cases. Mr. Goldberg has
 been a partner in the law firm of Akerman LLP since 1997, where he is chair of the Fraud Recovery Practice Group, a comprehensive fraud management team focusing on Ponzi schemes, receiverships, and EB-5 fraud. Mr. Goldberg has managed
 some of the largest Ponzi scheme liquidation recoveries in United States history and routinely testifies as a qualified expert witness on Ponzi schemes in federal and state court cases. Mr. Goldberg currently is the Receiver for Jay Peak
 and Q Resort, Inc., the owners and operators of a ski resort in northern Vermont, and for the Champlain Towers South condominium association in Surfside, Florida. For over 25 years, Mr. Goldberg has practiced law in the area of fraud and
 recovery and bankruptcy and reorganizations, regularly serving as a court-appointed fiduciary in unwinding Ponzi schemes. Mr. Goldberg holds Bachelor of Arts and Juris Doctor degrees from Boston University and a Master of Business
 Administration from New York University. He is admitted to practice law in state and federal courts in Florida and New York.

The Liquidation Trustee serves for the duration of the Trust, subject to earlier death, resignation or removal. The Liquidation Trustee may resign at any time by giving the
 Interestholders and the Supervisory Board at least sixty (60) days written notice of his or her intention to do so. A Liquidation Trustee may be removed and replaced by an order of the Bankruptcy Court upon the motion of the Supervisory Board
 and a showing of good cause, except that any proposed removal and replacement of Michael Goldberg as Liquidation Trustee will require a determination by the Bankruptcy Court that cause exists for such removal and replacement using the
 standard under Bankruptcy Code section 1104 made after notice of such proposed removal and replacement has been provided to the SEC. Under Bankruptcy Code section 1104, cause includes fraud, dishonesty, incompetence, or gross mismanagement of
 the affairs of the Trust.

The Supervisory Board of the Trust

The Liquidation Trustee is subject to the supervision, to the extent provided in the Plan, of the Supervisory Board. The Supervisory Board consists of six members, five of
 whom have served as members of the Supervisory Board since inception and one of whom was elected on August 21, 2019. Except as otherwise indicated below, during the past five years none of the following named individuals has served or held a
 position with any company that is a parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the Trust.

Jay Beynon , age 76, has been a member of the Supervisory Board since inception of the Trust and was appointed to such office in
 accordance with the Plan and Trust Agreement. Beginning in February 2018 and continuing until February 15, 2019, Mr. Beynon served as a member of the Ad Hoc Noteholder Group in the Bankruptcy Cases. Mr. Beynon is a real estate investor and,
 prior to his retirement in 2011, was a businessman with over 27 years experience, including as founder and chief executive officer of The Beynon Company, a graphic design agency, and the founder of Hot Rod Speed Works, the designer and
 fabricator of custom automobiles.

Raymond C. Blackburn, M.D. , age 74, has been a member of the Supervisory Board since inception of the Trust and was appointed to such
 office in accordance with the Plan and Trust Agreement. Beginning in January 2018 and continuing until February 15, 2019, Dr. Blackburn served as a member of the Ad Hoc Unitholder Committee in the Bankruptcy Cases. Dr. Blackburn is a licensed
 physician in Texas and holds a Bachelor of Arts in Chemistry from Oakwood University and a Doctor of Medicine from Loma Linda University School of Medicine. Dr. Blackburn specialized in and practiced dermatology in Dallas, Texas for nearly 38
 years. Retired since August 2016, Dr. Blackburn maintains an active medical license in Texas. He is a retired member of the Dallas County Medical Society, the Texas State Medical Society and the American Academy of Dermatology.

48 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance (Continued)

Terry R. Goebel , age 70, has been a
 member of the Supervisory Board since inception of the Trust and was appointed to such office in accordance with the Plan and Trust Agreement. Mr. Goebel currently serves as Chair of the Supervisory Board. Beginning in December 2017 and
 continuing until February 15, 2019, Mr. Goebel served as a member of the Unsecured Creditors Committee in the Bankruptcy Cases, having been appointed to such position by the U.S. Trustee s Office. Mr. Goebel is the President and a principal
 owner of G3 Group LA, a California-licensed general contractor specializing in the development of high-end, luxury residences. Mr. Goebel s responsibilities at G3 Group LA include oversight of field operations.

Lynn Myrick , age 79, has been a member of the Supervisory Board since inception of the Trust and was appointed to such office in
 accordance with the Plan and Trust Agreement. Ms. Myrick was appointed to the Unsecured Creditors Committee in the Bankruptcy Cases on April 3, 2018 by the U.S. Trustee s Office, succeeding to her husband Ron Myrick s position after his death,
 and continued to serve on that committee until February 15, 2019. Retired since 2013, Ms. Myrick worked as an elementary school teacher and has experience in charitable fund-raising for the Boston Ballet and the Southwest Florida Symphony
 Society. Ms. Myrick holds an Associate of the Arts in Interior Design and a Bachelor of Science from the University of Louisville.

John J. O Neill , age 80, has been a member of the Supervisory Board since inception of the Trust and was appointed to such office in
 accordance with the Plan and Trust Agreement. Beginning in December 2017 and continuing until February 15, 2019, Mr. O Neill served as a member of the Unsecured Creditors Committee in the Bankruptcy Cases, having been appointed to such
 position by the U.S. Trustee s Office. Retired since 2014, Mr. O Neill is a former account executive at Merrill Lynch and the former president of an independently owned beverage distributor. Mr. O Neill holds a Bachelor of Arts in Business
 Administration from Dickinson State University.

M. Freddie Reiss , age 76, has been a
 member of the Supervisory Board since August 21, 2019, at which time he was appointed to such office by the Supervisory Board. Mr. Reiss currently serves as the sole member of the Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board. Additionally, Mr.
 Reiss has been a member of the Board of Managers since its inception and was appointed to such office under the Plan. Prior to that time, Mr. Reiss served as a member of the Debtors Board of Managers during the Bankruptcy Cases. Mr. Reiss is
 the former Senior Managing Director of the Corporate Finance/Restructuring Practice at FTI Consulting, an independent global business advisory firm, a position from which he retired in 2013. Mr. Reiss has been an independent director of Peer
 Street Inc. (April 2023 to current), Amyris Inc. (August 2023 to current), Eva Automation Inc. (March 2020 to current), Blackrock TCP Tennenbaum Capital Corp. (August 2016 to current) and Blackrock Direct Lending Corp. (December 2020 to
 current). Mr. Reiss s prior positions during the previous five years, each of which has since concluded, include the following: (i) independent director of Arclight and Pacific Theatres (August 2020 to July 2021); (ii) independent director of
 JH Capital Group (August 2018 to April 2019); and (iii) independent director of Fallas Paredes, a brand name and private label clothing retailer (October 2018 to January 2019). Mr. Reiss has over thirty years experience in strategic planning,
 cash management, liquidation analysis, covenant negotiations, forensic accounting and valuation. He specializes in advising on bankruptcies, reorganizations, business restructurings and providing expert witness testimony in respect of
 underperforming companies. Mr. Reiss is a certified insolvency and restructuring advisor, a certified public accountant in New York and California and a certified turnaround professional. He has been inducted into the American College of
 Bankruptcy and the Turnaround Management Association s Hall of Fame. Mr. Reiss is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and has completed the Director Education and Certification Program and the John E. Anderson
 School of Management of the University of California at Los Angeles. He holds a B.B.A. from City College of New York s Bernard Baruch School of Business and a Master of Business Administration from City University of New York s Baruch College.

49 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance (Continued)

Management of the Wind-Down Group

Marion W. Fong , age 59, has been the Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity since January 1, 2023 and the Chief Financial Officer of the
 Wind-Down Entity since February 2019. Ms. Fong serves in the same capacity for the Wind-Down Subsidiaries. Ms. Fong is the founder and principal of Mariposa Real Estate Advisors, LLC (January 2001 to present), which provides real estate
 financial consulting services to public and private real estate companies, institutional investors, developers, operators and lenders. Ms. Fong has over 35 years experience in the real estate industry, including knowledge of many aspects of
 real estate development, acquisitions, dispositions, transaction structuring, workouts and restructuring and capital access. Ms. Fong was a partner in the Real Estate Advisory Service Group of Ernst Young LLP and was a Senior Manager at
 Kenneth Leventhal Company. Ms. Fong was admitted to the Counselors of Real Estate in 2000 and earned her Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Occidental College.

The Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity is subject to the supervision of a Board of Managers. As of September 27,
 2023, M. Freddie Reiss (whose biography is above) is the sole member of the Board of Managers.

David Mark Kemper II , age 45, has been the Chief Operating Officer of the Wind-Down Entity since February 2019 and was the Chief
 Investment Officer of the Wind-Down Entity from February 2019 through December 31, 2022. Mr. Kemper serves in the same capacity for the Wind-Down Subsidiaries. Prior to such appointment, Mr. Kemper served as financial advisor at Province, Inc.,
 a nationally recognized financial advisory firm focusing on growth opportunities, restructurings and fiduciary-related services (March 2017 to February 2019), where he represented unsecured creditors in corporate bankruptcies and provided
 management and restructuring services to various companies. During the past five years, Mr. Kemper also has served as managing director of LandCap Advisors, a company engaged in providing real estate consulting services, where Mr. Kemper
 provided clients with real estate management and restructuring, lease advisory, valuation and feasibility, transaction advisory, portfolio, and project management services. Mr. Kemper has over 20 years experience in financial advisory, real
 estate and accounting services. Mr. Kemper holds a B.A. in Accounting from St. Mary s University.

50 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Summary Compensation Table

Name and Principal Position at

Fiscal

All Other

June 30, 2023 (1) 

Year

Base

Bonus

Compensation (2) 

Total

Michael I. Goldberg, Esq.

2023

186,333

33,344

(3) 

-

219,677

Liquidation Trustee

2022

162,196

1,346,093

(3) 

-

1,508,289

Marion W. Fong

2023

544,030

638,550

(4) 

216,402

1,398,982

Wind-Down Entity, CEO CFO (5) 

2022

569,631

136,125

(4) 

-

705,756

David Mark Kemper II

2023

409,801

496,650

(4) 

168,313

1,074,764

Wind-Down Entity, COO

2022

443,046

105,875

(4) 

-

548,921

Frederick Chin

2023

417,500

2,137,500

(4) 

23,625 

2,578,625

Wind-Down Entity, CEO (5) 

2022

938,654

450,000

(4) 

120,000

1,508,654

(1) 

Includes all individuals who may be considered the executive officers of the Trust or the Wind-Down Entity.

(2) 

In addition to salary and bonus, the named executive officers (other than Mr. Goldberg) may receive other annual compensation in the form of health, dental, vision and life insurance coverages, paid vacation,
 paid time off, and other personal benefits. For fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the total value of health, dental, vision, life insurance coverages and other personal benefits did not exceed 10,000 in the aggregate for any
 named executive officer. The amount indicated is for paid vacation and paid time off which were due and payable upon the termination of the full-time employment agreements.

(3) 

Mr. Goldberg is eligible for incentive compensation equal to 5 of total gross settlement amounts by the Trust from the pursuit of Causes of Action as further discussed below. Bonus amounts are attributed to
 the fiscal year in which they are settled. During fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, 83,160 and 1,424,944, respectively, were paid.

(4) 

Bonuses are attributed to the fiscal year in which they are earned. Mr. Chin, Ms. Fong and Mr. Kemper each were eligible for bonuses through December 31, 2022. The part-time employment agreements that become
 effective on January 1, 2023 do not provide for bonuses. 

(5) 

Mr. Chin resigned as Chief Executive Officer effective December 31, 2022 and was replaced by Ms. Fong effective January 1, 2023.

Liquidation Trustee of the Trust

As compensation in respect of service as Liquidation Trustee, Mr. Goldberg is entitled to (i) base compensation at an hourly rate of 598.95 per hour for calendar years
 2023 and 2022 (these rates are net of a negotiated 10 discount of Mr. Goldberg s customary rates) and (ii) incentive compensation equal to 5 of total gross amounts recovered by the Trust from the pursuit of Causes of Action. Mr. Goldberg is
 not entitled to equity compensation, perquisites or personal benefits.

Mr. Goldberg s base compensation was not determined by the Supervisory Board, but instead was established by, and the amount is fixed under, the Trust Agreement. Such base
 compensation cannot be modified except by amendment of the Trust Agreement. Amendment of the Trust Agreement effecting a modification of the compensation of the Supervisory Board would require either (a) an order of the Bankruptcy Court or (b)
 a written amendment signed by the Liquidation Trustee, which amendment has received the prior written approval of a majority of the members of the Supervisory Board. It is the understanding of the Supervisory Board that the base compensation is
 intended to compensate Mr. Goldberg for his time spent performing services as Liquidation Trustee. The Supervisory Board believes that base compensation at an hourly rate is standard and customary for bankruptcy and insolvency trustees, and
 that 665.50 does not exceed Mr. Goldberg s customary hourly rate for legal services performed by him as a partner of Akerman LLP.

51 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation (Continued)

Mr. Goldberg s incentive compensation has been determined by the Supervisory Board, in the exercise of its discretion as authorized by the Trust Agreement, as five percent
 (5 of the total gross proceeds recovered by the Trust from the pursuit of Causes of Action by the Trust. Such incentive compensation is intended to compensate Mr. Goldberg for services performed above and beyond the time commitment required
 of the Liquidation Trustee. The Supervisory Board believes that incentive compensation based on the value of recoveries on Causes of Action is standard and customary for bankruptcy and insolvency trustees and is designed to maximize the value
 of recoveries on Causes of Action and appropriately align the economic interests of the Liquidation Trustee with those of the Trust.

Payment of compensation to the Liquidation Trustee or his professionals in connection with any individual request for compensation is subject to the following procedures,
 specified in the Trust Agreement:

the Liquidation Trustee must submit to the Supervisory Board an itemized statement or statements reflecting all fees and itemized costs to be reimbursed;

after seven (7) days after the delivery of the statements, the amount reflected in the statements may be paid by the Trust unless, prior to the expiration of such seven-day period, the Supervisory Board has
 objected in writing to any compensation reflected in the Statement; and

in the case of any Supervisory Board objection to payment, the undisputed amounts may be paid, and the disputed amounts may only be paid by agreement of the Supervisory Board, or pursuant to order of the
 Bankruptcy Court, which retains jurisdiction over all disputes regarding the Liquidation Trustee s and his or her professionals compensation.

Current Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity

Fong Part-Time Employment Agreement (Effective January 1, 2023) 

Since January 1, 2023, the Wind-Down Entity and its current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, Marion W. Fong,
 have been parties to an agreement providing for Ms. Fong s part-time employment as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which was entered into on November 30, 2022 (the Fong Part-Time Agreement ). Pursuant to the Fong Part-Time Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity agreed to employ Ms. Fong on a part-time, non-exclusive basis as the Wind-Down Entity s Chief Executive Officer and Chief
 Financial Officer effective January 1, 2023. Ms. Fong s prior full-time employment as Chief Financial Officer of the Wind-Down Entity continued to be governed by her previously existing employment agreement with the Wind-Down Entity through
 December 31, 2022, at which time her employment under such agreement terminated.

The Fong Part-Time Agreement establishes an initial term of part-time employment commencing on January 1, 2023 and expiring on December 31, 2023, unless terminated earlier.
 The initial term thereafter is subject to automatic renewal until terminated. The Fong Part-Time Agreement sets forth Ms. Fong s duties as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and her compensation and rights to reimbursement of
 costs and expenses and indemnification. The Fong Part-Time Agreement is terminable by the death of Ms. Fong or by either the Wind-Down Entity or Ms. Fong at any time and for any reason on at least 30 days advance written notice.

Under the Fong Part-Time Employment Agreement, Ms. Fong is entitled to a monthly salary of 35,000. Additionally, during the
 term of the Fong Part-Time Employment Agreement, Ms. Fong and her eligible spouse and dependents are entitled to participation in the Wind-Down Entity s health, dental, vision and life insurance coverages, but Ms. Fong will not accrue any
 paid vacation. Ms. Fong is not eligible for any discretionary bonus during the part-time employment term.

52 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation (Continued)

The Wind-Down Entity is obligated, under the Fong Part-Time Employment Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement and
 indemnification agreements with Ms. Fong, to indemnify and hold harmless Ms. Fong from and against certain liabilities, losses, damages and expenses incurred by either of them by reason of acts or omissions as an officer of the Wind-Down
 Entity.

Former Chief Executive Officer of the Wind-Down Entity

Through August 31, 2022, the Wind-Down Entity and its then Chief Executive Officer Frederick Chin were
 parties to an agreement providing for Mr. Chin s full-time, at-will employment as Chief Executive Officer, which agreement expired on August 31, 2022 (as amended, the Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement ). From September 1, 2022 through
 December 31, 2022, the Wind-Down Entity and Mr. Chin were parties to an agreement providing for Mr. Chin s continued employment as Chief Executive Officer on a part-time basis (the Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement ). The material terms
 of Mr. Chin s compensation under these agreements are summarized below.

Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement (Through August 31, 2022) 

Through August 31, 2022, the Wind-Down Entity and Frederick Chin were parties to the Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement
 providing for Mr. Chin s full-time employment as Chief Executive Officer. Under the Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement, Mr. Chin was entitled to an annual base salary of 975,000 at the time such agreement expired, as well as bonuses
 based on the cumulative amount of distributions of cash made by the Wind-Down Entity to the Trust
 during certain specified periods as provided in the Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement. For each period, a threshold amount of distributions was required to have been made for any bonus to be earned.

Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement (September 1 to December 31, 2022) 

On September 1, 2022, immediately following the expiration of the Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement on August 31, 2022, the
 Wind-Down Entity and Mr. Chin entered into the Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement providing for Mr. Chin s continued at-will employment as Chief Executive Officer on a part-time basis. Other than with respect to compensation and certain
 other items, the Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement was substantially similar in form to Mr. Chin s expired full-time agreement.

The Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement established an initial term of employment ending on December 31, 2022. Under the Chin
 Part-Time Employment Agreement, Mr. Chin was entitled to a monthly salary of 50,000 during the initial term and 30,000 during any extension term. In the Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity acknowledged that Mr. Chin
 was entitled to payment of accrued but unused vacation time on August 31, 2022 and to the receipt, no later than September 30, 2022, of the bonus payments prescribed by the prior, expired Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement. Mr. Chin s
 employment under the Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement ended on December 31, 2022.

53 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation (Continued)

Other Executive Officers of Wind-Down Entity

From February 2019 through December 31, 2022, Ms. Fong served as Chief Financial Officer of the Wind-Down Entity under a
 full-time, at-will employment agreement, which agreement terminated on December 31, 2022. The material terms of Ms. Fong s compensation under such agreement are summarized below under Fong Full-Time Employment Agreement (Through December 31,
 2022). From February 2019 through December 31, 2022, David Mark Kemper II served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer of the Wind-Down Entity under a full-time, at-will employment agreement, which agreement terminated on
 December 31, 2022. The material terms of Mr. Kemper s compensation under such agreement are summarized below under Kemper Full-Time Employment Agreement (Through December 31, 2022). Since January 1, 2023, Mr. Kemper has served as Chief
 Operating Officer under the Kemper Part-Time Agreement. The material terms of Mr. Kemper s compensation under such agreement are summarized below under Kemper Part-Time Employment Agreement (Effective January 1, 2023). 

Fong Full-Time Employment Agreement (Through December 31, 2022) 

During the calendar year 2022, Ms. Fong s annual base salary was 598,950 under the Fong Full-Time Employment Agreement. Under the Fong Full-Time Employment Agreement, Ms. Fong was eligible for up to three discretionary bonuses as described below, a one-time wind-down bonus, and a one-time
 retention bonus.

Ms. Fong earned bonuses of 136,125 for calendar year 2021 and 638,550 for calendar year 2022. The 2021 bonus was paid in January 2022 (fiscal year 2022) and the 2022 bonus was paid in January 2022 (fiscal year 2023).

Kemper Full-Time Employment Agreements (Through December 31, 2022) 

During the calendar year 2022, Mr. Kemper s annual base
 salary was 465,850 under the Kemper Full-Time Employment Agreement. Under the Kemper Full-Time Employment Agreement Mr. Kemper was eligible for up to three discretionary bonuses as described below, a one-time wind-down bonus, and a one-time
 retention bonus.

Mr. Kemper earned bonuses of 105,875 for calendar year 2021 and 496,650 for calendar year 2022. The 2021 bonus was paid in
 January 2022 (fiscal year 2022) and the 2022 bonus was paid in January 2022 (fiscal year 2023).

Kemper Part-Time Employment Agreement (Effective January 1, 2023) 

The Wind-Down Entity is a party to an at-will employment agreement with its Chief Operating Officer David Mark Kemper II,
 entered into on November 30, 2022 (the Kemper Part-Time Agreement ).

Pursuant to the Kemper Part-Time Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity has agreed to employ Mr. Kemper on a part-time, non-exclusive
 basis as the Wind-Down Entity s Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2023. Mr. Kemper s full-time employment as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Investment Officer continued to be governed by his previously existing employment
 agreement with the Wind-Down Entity through December 31, 2022, at which time his employment under such agreement terminated.

The Kemper Part-Time Agreement establishes an initial term of part-time employment commencing on January 1, 2023 and expiring on
 December 31, 2023, unless terminated earlier. The initial term thereafter is subject to automatic renewal until terminated. The Kemper Part-Time Agreement sets forth Mr. Kemper s duties as Chief Operating Officer and his compensation and
 rights to reimbursement of costs and expenses and indemnification. The Kemper Part-Time Agreement is terminable by the death of Mr. Kemper or by either the Wind-Down Entity or Mr. Kemper at any time and for any reason on at least 30 days 
 advance written notice.

Under the Kemper Part-Time Employment Agreement, Mr. Kemper is entitled to a monthly salary of 25,000. Additionally, during
 the term of the Kemper Part-Time Employment Agreement, Mr. Kemper and his eligible spouse and dependents are entitled to participation in the Wind-Down Entity s health, dental, vision and life insurance coverages, but Mr. Kemper will not accrue
 any paid vacation. Mr. Kemper is not eligible for any discretionary bonus during the part-time employment term.

54 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation (Continued)

The Wind-Down Entity is obligated, under the Kemper Part-Time Employment Agreement, the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement and
 indemnification agreements with Mr. Kemper, to indemnify and hold harmless Mr. Kemper from and against certain liabilities, losses, damages and expenses incurred by either of them by reason of acts or omissions as an officer of the Wind-Down
 Entity.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

Neither the Trust nor the Wind-Down Entity has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent
 functions. On August 18, 2022 and August 25, 2022, the Supervisory Board and the Board of Managers, respectively, without participation by Mr. Chin in its deliberations, approved that Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement with Mr. Chin, which
 followed Mr. Chin s previous full-time employment agreement. The Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement was determined to be appropriate in light of the continuing need for Mr. Chin s services on a part-time basis following the August 31, 2022
 expiration of the Chin Full-time Employment Agreement. The principal objectives of the Chin Part-Time Employment Agreement include (i) incentivizing Mr. Chin s continued retention through the anticipated closing date of the sale of the
 Company s remaining residential real property asset, (ii) aligning Mr. Chin s compensation with the increasingly reduced level of the Company s liquidation activities by means of a salary adjustment, (iii) acknowledging of the vesting of Mr.
 Chin s incentive awards under the Chin Full-Time Employment Agreement, and (iv) continuing of Mr. Chin s existing employee benefits through December 31, 2022. The award of equity-based compensation was not considered, as the Company s legal
 structure does not permit such compensation. The Company did not consider the results of any shareholder advisory vote on the compensation of Mr. Chin, as no such vote was required.

On November 30, 2022, the Board of Managers, without participation by Ms. Fong and Mr. Kemper approved the Fong Part-Time
 Employment Agreement and the Kemper Part-Time Employment Agreement. These agreements were entered into in order to consolidate management functions and reduce management costs in light of the substantially reduced real estate portfolio. The
 award of equity-based compensation was not considered, as the Company s legal structure does not permit such compensation. The Company did not consider the results of any shareholder advisory vote on the compensation of Ms. Fong or Mr. Kemper,
 as no such vote was required.

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, there were no deliberations by the Supervisory Board regarding the compensation of
 Mr. Goldberg.

55 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation (Continued)

Compensation of Supervisory Board and Board of Managers

Each member of the Supervisory Board that does not serve on the Audit Committee receives (or received), as compensation in
 respect of service on the Supervisory Board, (i) 10,000 per month through January 31, 2020, (ii) 7,500 per month from February 1, 2020 through January 31, 2021, (iii) 5,000 per month from February 1, 2021 through January 31, 2022, and (iv)
 2,500 per month for each calendar month thereafter until termination of the Trust in accordance with the Plan (prorated as appropriate if a member commences his or her service other than on the first day of a month or terminates his or her
 service other than on the last day of a month). The sole member of the Supervisory Board that serves on the Audit Committee receives, as compensation in respect of service, 7,500 per month. All Supervisory Board members also are entitled
 to reimbursement by the Trust of all actual, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with their service on the Supervisory Board.

The compensation of the Supervisory Board was not determined by the Supervisory Board, but instead was established by, and is fixed under, the Trust Agreement and cannot be
 modified except by amendment of the Trust Agreement. An amendment of the Trust Agreement effecting a modification in the compensation of the Supervisory Board would require either (a) an order of the Bankruptcy Court or (b) a written amendment
 signed by the Liquidation Trustee, which amendment has received the prior written approval of a majority of the members of the Supervisory Board.

Each member of the Board of Managers (other than the CEO) received, as compensation in respect of service on the Board of Managers, (i) 20,000 per month through January
 31, 2020 and (ii) 15,000 per month for each calendar month of service thereafter. The Wind-Down Entity is required to reimburse each Manager in respect of all actual, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such Manager
 in accordance with Wind-Down Entity policies. Effective December 31, 2022, the number of members of the Board of Managers was reduced from three to two, upon the resignation of Mr. Chin.

Effective April 1, 2023, the two remaining members of the Board of Managers agreed to voluntarily reduce their monthly compensation from 15,000 per month per manager for
 each calendar month of service to 10,000 per month per manager for each calendar month of service.

The Board of Managers was further reduced from two to one effective upon the resignation of Mr. Nevins on April 29, 2023. 
 Following Mr. Nevins resignation, Mr. Reiss became the sole member of the Board of Managers. Effective May 1, 2023, Mr. Reiss ceased to be entitled to receive compensation for being a member of the Board of Managers. Mr. Reiss continues
 to be entitled to reimbursement for actual, reasonable, and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to his service as a manager.

Indemnification of the Liquidation Trustee

Under Delaware law, the Trust has the power to indemnify and hold harmless any person from and against any and all claims and demands whatsoever, subject to such standards
 and restrictions, if any, as are set forth in its governing instrument. The Trust is governed by the Trust Agreement, which states that the Liquidation Trustee, the Supervisory Board and each of their respective accountants, agents, assigns,
 attorneys, bankers, consultants, directors, employees, executors, financial advisors, investment bankers, real estate brokers, transfer agents, managers, members, officers, partners, predecessors, principals, professional persons,
 representatives, and successors (each, a Trustee Indemnified Party will be indemnified for, and defended and held harmless against, any loss, liability, damage, judgment, fine, penalty, claim, demand, settlement, cost, or expense,
 including the reasonable fees and expenses of their respective professionals (collectively Damages incurred without gross negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud on the part of the applicable Trustee Indemnified Party (which gross
 negligence, willful misconduct, or fraud, if any, must be determined by a final, non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction) for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by the Trustee Indemnified Parties in connection
 with the acceptance, administration, exercise, and performance of their duties under the Plan or the Trust Agreement, as applicable. An act or omission taken with the approval of the Bankruptcy Court, and not inconsistent therewith, will be
 conclusively deemed not to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct.

In addition, the Trust Agreement provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, each Trustee Indemnified Party shall be indemnified for, and defended and held
 harmless against, any and all Damages arising out of or due to their actions or omissions, or consequences of such actions or omissions, with respect to the Trust or the implementation or administration of the Plan if the applicable Trustee
 Indemnified Party acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interest of the Trust or its Interestholders.

56 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation (Continued)

The Trust Agreement also authorizes, but does not require, the Liquidation Trustee to obtain all reasonable insurance coverage for itself, its agents, representatives,
 employees or independent contractors, including coverage with respect to the liabilities, duties and obligations of the Liquidation Trustee and its agents, representatives, employees or independent contractors under the Trust Agreement and the
 Plan. The cost of any such insurance coverage will be an expense of the Trust.

Indemnification of the Board of Managers, the CEO and Executive Officers of the Wind-Down Entity

The Wind-Down Entity and the Trust are required to indemnify the members of the Board of Managers, the Chief Executive Officer, and the other officers of the Wind-Down
 Group, and each of their respective accountants, agents, assigns, attorneys, bankers, consultants, directors, employees, executors, financial advisors, investment bankers, brokers, managers, members, officers, partners, predecessors,
 principals, professional persons, representatives, and successors (each, a WDE Indemnified Party for, and shall defend and hold them harmless against, Damages incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the
 applicable WDE Indemnified Party (which gross negligence or willful misconduct, if any, must be determined by a final, non-appealable order of a court of competent jurisdiction) for any action taken, suffered, or omitted to be taken by the WDE
 Indemnified Parties in connection with the acceptance, administration, exercise, and performance of their duties under the Plan or the Wind-Down Entity LLC Agreement, as applicable. An act or omission taken with the approval of the Bankruptcy
 Court, and not inconsistent therewith, will be conclusively deemed not to constitute gross negligence or willful misconduct.

In addition, the Wind-Down Entity and the Trust are required, to the fullest extent permitted by law, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the WDE Indemnified Parties, from
 and against and with respect to any and all Damages arising out of or due to their actions or omissions, or consequences of such actions or omissions, with respect to the Wind-Down Entity or the implementation or administration of the Plan if
 the applicable WDE Indemnified Party acted in good faith and in a manner reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interest of the Wind-Down Entity.

The Wind-Down Entity is a party to indemnification agreements with its former Chief Executive Officer Frederick Chin, its
 current Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Marion W. Fong, and its Chief Operating Officer and former Chief Investment Officer David Mark Kemper II. Under these agreements, the Wind-Down Entity has agreed to indemnify each of
 these individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Wind-Down Entity s certificate of formation and limited liability company agreement, and the Plan, if such individual becomes a party to or a witness or other
 participant in any proceeding (other than a derivative action) by reason of the fact that such individual is or was an officer, manager or employee of the Wind-Down Entity, or by reason of anything done or not done by him in any such capacity,
 against all expenses and liabilities incurred without gross negligence or willful misconduct by such individual.

Under these indemnification agreements, the Wind-Down Entity has also agreed to indemnify Mr. Chin, Ms. Fong and Mr. Kemper,
 with respect to any derivative action to which such individual becomes a party or a witness or in which such individual becomes a participant, against expenses actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of
 such action, provided that such individual acted in good faith and in a manner such individual reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Company. These indemnification agreements provide for proportional
 contribution to the Wind-Down Entity based on relative benefit and relative fault where indemnification is held by a court to be unavailable to the individual and for the advancement by the Wind-Down Entity of the individual s expenses under
 certain circumstances.

57 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the equity securities of the Trust beneficially owned by each member of the Supervisory Board, the Liquidation
 Trustee and each executive officer named in the Summary Compensation Table (see Item 11. Executive Compensation of this Annual Report), and all members of the Supervisory Board, the Liquidation Trustee and all executive officers of the
 Wind-Down Entity as a group on September 27, 2023:

Name of and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 

Class of

 Liquidation

 Trust Interest

Amount and

 Nature of

 Beneficial

 Interest

Percent of

 class (2) 

Jay Beynon

Class A

6,666.67

(3) 

Less than 1 

Class B

0

0

Raymond C. Blackburn, M.D.

Class A

35,788.06

(4) 

Less than 1 

Class B

13,574.78

(5) 

2.01

Terry R. Goebel

Class A

0

0

Class B

0

0

Lynn Myrick

Class A

23,819.17

(6) 

Less than 1 

Class B

1,590.81

(7) 

Less than 1 

John J. O Neill

Class A

8,786.60

(8) 

Less than 1 

Class B

0

0

M. Freddie Reiss

Class A

0

0

Class B

0

0

Michael I. Goldberg

Class A

0

0

Class B

0

0

Marion W. Fong

Class A

0

0

Class B

0

0

David Mark Kemper II

Class A

0

0

Class B

0

0

All Supervisory Board members and the executive officers, as a group

Class A

75,060.50

Less than 1 

Class B

15,165.59

2.24

(1) 

A business address for each of the named beneficial owners is c/o Woodbridge Liquidation Trust, 201 N. Brand Blvd., Suite M, Glendale, California 91203.

(2) 

Based on 11,514,578 Class A Interests and 675,617 Class B Interests outstanding as of September 27, 2023.

(3) 

As trustee of a family trust.

(4) 

Of which 25,485.81 are held individually and the remainder is beneficially owned in an individual retirement account.

(5) 

Of which 9,667.03 are held individually and the remainder is beneficially owned in an individual retirement account.

(6) 

Of which 13,449.54 are held by a limited liability company of which Ms. Myrick is a member, 10,369.63 are held by a family trust of which Ms. Myrick is a beneficiary.

(7) 

Held by a limited liability company, of which Ms. Myrick is a member.

(8) 

Beneficially owned together with spouse.

The Trust does not have any compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Trust are authorized for issuance.

58 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The Supervisory Board has chosen the director independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE to determine the independence of the members of the
 Supervisory Board. The Trust is not, however, a company listed with the NYSE and does not intend to apply for listing with the NYSE. Furthermore, the Trust believes that, if it were a NYSE-listed company, the Supervisory Board would be exempt
 from the director independence requirements of the NYSE by reason of one or more available exemptions from such requirements, including exemptions for companies in bankruptcy proceedings, passive business organizations in the form of trusts,
 and the issuers of special purpose securities.

Applying the NYSE independence standard, the Supervisory Board has determined that all of its members other than Terry Goebel are independent. In making this determination,
 the Supervisory Board concluded that neither the fees paid by the Trust in respect of service on the Supervisory Board nor the ownership of Liquidation Trust Interests by any member of the Supervisory Board precluded a finding of independence.

The Supervisory Board was unable to determine the absence of a material relationship between the Wind-Down Group and Supervisory Board member Terry Goebel, who is president
 and a principal owner of G3 Group LA, a construction firm specializing in the development of high-end, luxury residences. G3 Group LA is owned by Terry Goebel and his son Kelly Goebel. The Wind-Down Group was under contract with G3 Group LA for
 the development of one residential real property in the Los Angeles area (the G3 Contract ). The aggregate dollar value of the transactions under the completed G3 Contract as of June 30, 2023 was 35.5 million, all of which was paid as
 of June 30, 2023. The original contract value was 30.0 million. On September 24, 2020, the Wind-Down Group entered into a change order increasing the estimated dollar value of the G3 Contract by approximately 3.6 million. On October 15,
 2021, the Wind-Down Group entered into a change order increasing the estimated dollar value of the G3 Contract by approximately 2.1 million. The change orders were determined to be necessary, and the amount thereof was determined to be
 appropriate, in light of increases in the construction costs of the project incurred and expected to be incurred. On April 13, 2023, the Wind-Down Group entered into a change order reducing the estimated dollar value of the G3 Contract by
 approximately 0.2 million. The change order was necessary based on project completion and close out of outstanding billings.

Michael I. Goldberg, the Liquidation Trustee, is a partner of Akerman LLP, a law firm based in Miami, Florida. In November 2019, the Trust entered into an arrangement with
 Akerman LLP with the prior approval of the Supervisory Board, including the Audit Committee. Under the arrangement, Akerman LLP from time to time will provide, at the option of the Trust on an as-needed basis, e-discovery and related litigation
 support services in connection with the Trust s prosecution of the Causes of Action. E-discovery (also known as electronic discovery) refers to discovery in legal proceedings, including litigation, where the information sought, such as
 e-mails, documents, records and files, is in electronic format. E-discovery services assist litigants to manage potentially large amounts of data in compliance with the technical requirements of court rules designed to preserve metadata and
 prevent spoliation.

Under the arrangement, services available to the Trust include data processing, hosting, professional services, and forensic collection and analysis. The services are
 provided on a stand-alone basis i.e. , they are made available to the Trust regardless of whether Akerman LLP is representing the Trust in connection with the subject litigation or any litigation).
 Currently, Akerman LLP does not represent the Trust in connection with any Causes of Action or act as counsel to the Trust in any matter.

The Trust is charged for the services at scheduled rates per task which, depending on the specific task, include flat rates, rates based on the volume
 of data processed, rates based on the number of data users, the hourly rates of Akerman LLP personnel, or other rates. The scheduled rates are believed to be the same as those charged by Akerman LLP to clients utilizing its legal services
 generally. The Supervisory Board, including the Audit Committee, approved the arrangement after determining that Akerman LLP s rates would be more favorable to the Trust than those proposed to be charged by at least one other major alternative
 provider of legal support services. Due to uncertainty regarding the number, length and complexity of cases and the volume of discoverable documents, the Trust currently is unable to estimate the aggregate approximate dollar value of either
 Akerman LLP s fees under this arrangement or Mr. Goldberg s interest in this arrangement. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately 428,000 and 420,000, respectively, had been paid related to these services.

59 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Supervisory Board Member Independence (Continued)

On March 10, 2023, as a result of the failure of two large financial institutions, as a protective measure, the Company deposited the restricted cash
 relating to Forfeited Assets and distribution reserves into two separate Akerman LLP trust accounts for the benefit of the Company (the Trust Accounts ). The balance deposited in these accounts was approximately 3,170,000 and 1,222,000,
 respectively. On April 5, 2023, the Company transferred approximately 25,000 relating to the distribution reserves and on May 11, 2023, the Company transferred the remaining balances in the Trust Accounts to one of the banking institutions
 with which it has a depositor relationship.

The Trust has a written Related Person Transaction Policy. It requires that any Related Person Transaction to which the Trust is a participant must be reviewed and
 approved in advance by the Supervisory Board and any Related Person Transaction to which the Wind-Down Group is a participant must be reviewed and approved in advance by the Board of Managers (the applicable board, in each instance, whether
 the Supervisory Board or the Board of Managers, the Applicable Board ). Under the policy, a Related Person Transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) that
 occurred since the beginning of the Trust s most recent fiscal year in which the Trust (including any of its subsidiaries) was, is or will be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and in which any Related Person had, has or
 will have a direct or indirect material interest. For purposes of this policy, a Related Person means:

any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of the Trust s last fiscal year was, the Liquidation Trustee, a member of the Supervisory Board, a member of the Board of Managers, an executive officer of
 the Wind-Down Entity or a nominee to become a member of the Board of Managers or a more than 5 beneficial owner of the Trust;

any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law, or
 sister-in-law of the Liquidation Trustee, a member of the Board of Managers, an executive officer of the Wind-Down Entity, or a nominee to become a member of the Board of Managers, or a more than 5 beneficial owner of the Trust, and
 any person (other than domestic employees or tenants) sharing the household of any such person; and

any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of the foregoing persons is employed or is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 5 or greater beneficial ownership
 interest.

The following transactions are not considered Related Person Transactions for purposes of this policy: (a) base compensation for services rendered as the Liquidation
 Trustee, paid in accordance with the Liquidation Trust Agreement; (b) compensation for services rendered as a member of the Supervisory Board, paid in accordance with the Liquidation Trust Agreement; (c) in accordance with the Liquidation Trust
 Agreement, reimbursement of expenses incurred by the Liquidation Trustee or any member of the Supervisory Board incurred in the ordinary course of carrying out their respective responsibilities in such capacities; (d) any transaction where the
 rates or charges involved in the transaction are determined by competitive bids; or (e) any transaction that involves the rendering of services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority.

Furthermore, neither the G3 Contract nor the payment or performance by the Wind-Down Group of its obligations thereunder in accordance with the current terms thereof is
 considered a Related Person Transaction for purposes of the policy. The G3 Contract was entered into between the Debtors and G3 before the organization of the Trust and did not require any review, approval or ratification under the Related
 Person Transaction Policy. However, the change orders entered into on September 24, 2020, October 15, 2021 and April 13, 2023 were reviewed under the Related Person Transaction Policy.

Under the policy, the Applicable Board is to consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances available, including (if applicable), but not limited to:

The benefits to the Trust and the Wind-Down Entity;

The impact on the independence of a member of the Supervisory Board or the Board of Managers in the event the Related Person is a member of the Supervisory Board, a member of the Board of Managers, an
 immediate family member of any such member, or an entity in which any such member is a director, officer, manager, principal, member, partner, shareholder or executive officer;

60 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Supervisory Board Member Independence (Continued)

The availability of other sources for comparable products or services;

The terms of the transaction; and

The terms available to unrelated third parties and employees generally.

The policy prohibits any member of the Applicable Board from participating in any review, consideration or approval of any Related Person Transaction with respect to which
 such member or any of his or her immediate family members is the Related Person. The Applicable Board may approve only those Related Person Transactions that are in, or are not inconsistent with, the best interests of the Trust and its
 stakeholders, as the Applicable Board determines in good faith. In addition, no immediate family member of the Liquidation Trustee or any member of the Supervisory Board, member of the Board or Managers, or executive officer of the Wind-Down
 Group may be hired as an employee of the Trust or the Wind-Down Group unless the employment arrangement is approved in advance by the Applicable Board. In the event a person becomes a director or executive officer of the Trust or the Wind-Down
 Group and an immediate family member of such person is already an employee of the Trust or the Wind-Down Group, no material change in the terms of employment, including compensation, may be made without the prior approval of the Applicable
 Board (except, if the immediate family member is himself or herself an executive officer of the Trust or the Wind-Down Group, any proposed change in the terms of employment must be reviewed and approved in the same manner as other executive
 officer compensatory arrangements).

The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board has the authority, subject to a final review by all disinterested members of the Supervisory Board, to review and approve all
 Related Person Transactions in which the Trust is a participant.

61 

Table of Contents 

Part III

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees

Set forth below are aggregate fees for professional accounting services for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022:

Years Ended June 30,

2023

2022

Audit fees

207,900

280,800

Audit-related fees

-

-

Tax fees

-

-

All other fees

-

-

Total

207,900

280,800

For purposes of the preceding table, the professional fees are classified as follows:

Audit Fees: These fees for professional services performed for the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, the required review of quarterly consolidated
 financial statements, registration statements and other procedures performed by independent auditors in order for them to be able to form an opinion on our consolidated financial statements.

Audit-Related Fees: These are fees for assurance and related services that traditionally are performed by independent auditors that are reasonably related to the
 performance of the audit or review of the consolidated financial statements, such as due diligence related to acquisitions and dispositions, attestation services that are not required by statute or regulation, internal control reviews,
 and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards.

Tax Fees: These are fees for all professional services performed by professional staff in our independent auditor s tax division, except those services related to the
 audit of our consolidated financial statements. These include fees for tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice, including federal, state, and local issues. Services may also include assistance with tax audits and appeals before the
 IRS and similar state and local agencies, as well as federal, state and local tax issues related to due diligence.

All Other Fees: These are fees for any services not included in the above-described categories, including assistance with internal audit plans and risk assessments.

Pre-Approval Policies

In order to ensure that the provision of services by our independent registered public accounting firm does not impair the auditors independence, the Audit Committee
 pre-approves all auditing services performed for the Company by our independent auditors, as well as all permitted non-audit services. In determining whether or not to pre-approve services, the Audit Committee considers whether the service is a
 permissible service under the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC.

All services rendered by Baker Tilly for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with the policies and procedures
 described above.

62 

Table of Contents 

Part IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

(1) 

Consolidated Financial Statements

The consolidated financial statements of the Company are included in a separate section of this Annual Report commencing on the page numbers specified below:

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries

Page

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-1

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements As of and For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 23)

F-2

Consolidated Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation as of June 30, 2023 and 2022

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

F-4

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-5

(2) 

Financial Statement Schedules

Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable, or because the information required to be presented is included in
 the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto included in this Annual Report.

(3) 

Exhibits 

Exhibit Number and Description 

2.1 

First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation of Woodbridge Group of Companies, LLC and its Affiliated Debtors dated August 22, 2018, incorporated herein by reference to the
 Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Trust on October 25, 2019.

3.1 

Certificate of Trust of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust dated February 14 and effective February 15, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by
 the Trust on October 25, 2019.

3.2 

Liquidation Trust Agreement of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust dated February 15, 2019, as amended by Amendment No. 1 dated August 21, 2019 and Amendment No. 2 dated September 13, 2019,
 incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Trust on October 25, 2019.

3.3 

Amendment No. 3 to Liquidation Trust Agreement dated as of November 1, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Trust on
 December 13, 2019.

3.4 

Amendment No. 4 to Liquidation Trust Agreement dated as of February 5, 2020, incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Trust on February 6, 2020.

3.5 

Amended and Restated Bylaws of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust effective August 21, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Trust on
 October 25, 2019.

10.1 

Limited Liability Company Agreement of Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC dated February 15, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Trust
 on October 25, 2019.

10.2 

First Amendment to Limited Liability Agreement of Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC dated November 30, 2022, incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the
 Trust on December 1, 2022.

63 

Table of Contents 

Part IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (Continued) 

10.3 

Second Amendment to Limited Liability Agreement of Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC dated as of March 27, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
 the Trust on March 29, 2023.

10.4 

Third Amendment to Limited Liability Agreement of Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC dated as of April 28, 2023, incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
 the Trust on May 1, 2023.

10.5 

Employment Agreement dated November 12, 2019 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC and Marion W. Fong, incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on
 Form 10 filed by the Trust on December 13, 2019.

10.6 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September 24, 2020 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC and Marion W. Fong, incorporated herein by reference to the Form 10-K filed by the
 Trust on September 28, 2020.

10.7 

Indemnification Agreement dated November 12, 2019 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC and Marion W. Fong, incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement
 on Form 10 filed by the Trust on December 13, 2019.

10. 8 

Part-Time Employment Agreement dated November 30, 2022 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity and Marion W. Fong, incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by
 the Trust on December 1, 2022.

10.9 

Employment Agreement dated November 12, 2019 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC and David Mark Kemper, incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on
 Form 10 filed by the Trust on December 13, 2019.

10.10 

First Amendment to Employment Agreement dated September 24, 2020 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC and David Mark Kemper, incorporated herein by reference to the Form 10-K filed by
 the Trust on September 28, 2020.

10.11 

Part-Time Employment Agreement dated November 30, 2022 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity and David Mark Kemper, incorporated herein by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 by the Trust on December 1, 2022.

10.12 

Indemnification Agreement dated November 12, 2019 between Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC and David Mark Kemper, incorporated herein by reference to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form 10 filed
 by the Trust on December 13, 2019.

10.13 

Stipulation and Settlement Agreement between the United States and Woodbridge Liquidation Trust, as approved by order of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware
 entered September 17, 2020, incorporated herein by reference to the Form 10-K filed by the Trust on September 28, 2020.

10.14 

Settlement Agreement dated August 6, 2021 by and among Mark Baker, Jay Beynon as Trustee for the Jay Beynon Family Trust DTD 10/23/1998, Alan and Marlene Gordon, Joseph C. Hull, Lloyd and
 Nancy Landman, and Lilly A. Shirley on behalf of themselves and the proposed Settlement Class, Michael I. Goldberg, as Trustee for Woodbridge Liquidation Trust, and Comerica Bank, incorporated herein by reference to the Form 10-K filed
 by the Trust on September 27, 2021.

31.1 

Certification of Liquidation Trustee pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification of Liquidation Trustee pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

64 

Table of Contents 

Part IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (Continued) 

99.1 

Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order Confirming the First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Liquidation of Woodbridge Group of Companies, LLC and its Affiliated Debtors, entered
 October 26, 2018, incorporated herein by reference to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by the Trust on October 25, 2019.

101

The following financial statements from the Woodbridge Liquidation Trust Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language
 (XBRL): (i) consolidated statements of net assets in liquidation as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, (ii) consolidated statements of changes in net assets in liquidation for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, (iii) the notes to the
 consolidated financial statements. XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (Formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

65 

Table of Contents 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Page

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-1 

Audited Consolidated Financial Statements As of and For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 23 

F-2

Consolidated Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation as of June 30, 2023 and 2022

F-3

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022

F-4

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

F-5

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Supervisory Board and Liquidation Trustee of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust
 and Subsidiaries

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of net assets in
 liquidation of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of changes in net assets in liquidation for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes
 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the net assets in liquidation of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and
 the changes in net assets in liquidation for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applied on the basis described below.

As described in Note 2, these consolidated financial statements have been prepared
 on the liquidation basis of accounting.

Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
 management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those
 standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor
 were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
 on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
 misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in
 the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We
 believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditors since 2019.

September 27, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 

Financial Statements

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Net Assets in Liquidation

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022

in Thousands)

6/30/2023

6/30/2022

Assets

Real estate assets held for sale, net (Note 3)

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash (Note 4)

Other assets (Note 5)

Total assets

Liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Distributions payable

Accrued liquidation costs (Note 6)

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 14)

Net Assets in Liquidation

Restricted for Qualifying Victims (Note 7)

All Interestholders

Total net assets in liquidation

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 

Item 1. 

Financial Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets in Liquidation

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023
 and 2022

in Thousands)

Year Ended June 30, 2023

Year Ended June 30, 2022

Restricted 

Restricted 

For Qualifying 

All 

For Qualifying 

All 

Victims

Interestholders

Total

Victims

Interestholders

Total

Net Assets in Liquidation as of beginning of period 

Change in assets and liabilities (Note 8):

Restricted for Qualifying Victims -

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

All Interestholders: 

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

Distributions (declared) reversed, net

Net change in assets and liabilities

Net Assets in Liquidation as of end of period 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 

Item 1. 

Financial Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022

,000 in cash from the Debtors for the purpose of funding the Trust s initial expenses of operation; (ii) certain claims and Causes of Action; (iii)
 all of the outstanding equity interests of the Wind-Down Entity (as defined below); and (iv) certain other non-real estate related assets, (b) the equity interests of Woodbridge Group of Companies, LLC and Woodbridge Mortgage Investment Fund 1, LLC
 (together, the Remaining Debtors were cancelled and new equity interests representing all of the newly issued and outstanding equity interests in the Remaining Debtors were issued to the Trust, (c) all of the other Debtors other than the
 Remaining Debtors were dissolved and (d) the real estate-related assets of the Debtors were automatically vested in the Trust s wholly-owned subsidiary, Woodbridge Wind-Down Entity LLC (the Wind-Down Entity or one of the Wind-Down Entity s wholly-owned single-member limited liability companies (the Wind-Down Subsidiaries formed to own the respective real estate assets. The Trust, the
 Remaining Debtors, the Wind-Down Entity and the Wind-Down Subsidiaries are collectively referred to herein as the Company. 

classes of liquidation trust interests: Class A Liquidation Trust Interests (the Class A Interests and Class B Liquidation Trust Interests (the Class B Interests ). The holders of Class A Interests and Class B Interests are collectively
 referred to as All Interestholders. 

-member supervisory board. The Wind-Down Entity is separately managed by its board of
 managers.

before February 15, 2024. The Company expects that the motion will be filed as required and that the
 Bankruptcy Court will grant the motion as the extension is needed to pursue additional Trust actions that are expected to yield additional proceeds to the Trust and to address the construction defect claim.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

,000 and ,000, respectively, from the settlement of
 Causes of Action of which approximately and ,000, respectively, was from Comerica Bank (see Note 13 for additional information). The Company also recorded liabilities of of the settlement recoveries as amounts payable to the Liquidation Trustee. The Company has accrued an estimate of the amount of legal costs to be incurred to pursue this litigation,
 excluding contingent fees. As more fully discussed in Note 2, the Company s consolidated financial statements do not include any estimate of future net recoveries from litigation and settlement, since the Company cannot reasonably estimate them.

performing secured loan
 and parcel of real property (see Note 3 for additional information). 

reportable segment with activities comprised primarily of real estate assets held for sale. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

of the property sales price,
 including sales commissions, transfer taxes and other costs.

F-7 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

F-8 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Other real estate assets:

Secured loans

Other properties

Subtotal

Total

single-family home, sold other property, and settled secured loan for approximately ,000 in the
 aggregate. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company sold single-family homes and settled secured loans for approximately ,000. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Distributions restricted by the Company related to unresolved claims, distributions for recently allowed claims, uncashed distribution checks, distributions withheld
 due to pending avoidance actions and distributions that the Trust is waiting for further beneficiary information

Total restricted cash

Settlement installment receivables, net (b) 

Accrued interest (a) 

Escrow receivables (c) 

Other

Total other assets

,000 of interest earnings. This is the amount that the Company estimates that it will earn on its cash on deposit at June 30, 2023 during
 the period from July 1, 2023 through March 31, 2026, the current estimated completion date for the Company s operations. Of the accrued interest at June 30, 2023, approximately ,000 relates Forfeited Assets and the remainder of approximately ,000

relates to All Interestholders 

,000 and ,000

as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

single-family home that was sold during the year ended June 30, 2023. Escrow receivables as of June 30, 2022 relate to single-family homes that were sold during the year ended June 30, 2022 and 
 single-family home that was sold prior to June 30, 2021. Amounts are to be released upon completion of punch list items and/or obtaining a certificate of occupancy. In some cases, escrow receivable amounts may be used to pay for the cost
 of completing punch list items. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Construction costs

Indirect costs

Bond refunds

Total development costs

Holding costs:

Property taxes

Maintenance, utilities and other

Insurance

Total holding costs

General and administrative costs:

Legal and other professional fees

Directors and officers insurance

Payroll and payroll-related

Board fees and expenses

State, local and other taxes

Other

Total general and administrative costs

Total accrued liquidation costs

million. The additional costs are primarily legal and other professional fees and payroll and payroll-related
 costs. A portion of the accrued liquidation costs relate to estimated reserves for contingent liabilities including potential construction defect claims and the administration of such claims after the Company s liquidation activities are completed.

before February 15, 2024. The Company expects that the motion will be filed as required
 and that the Bankruptcy Court will grant the motion as the extension is needed to pursue additional Trust actions that are expected to yield additional proceeds to the Trust and to address the construction defect claim. 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

enhancement for contributing their causes of action
 and (ii) Class 5 coefficient.

,000.

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company sold the automobile, jewelry, handbags, clothing, shoes and art. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company sold wine, gold, handbags, clothing and shoes. 

Other assets (Note 5)

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued liquidation costs - primarily legal and professional fees

Net assets in liquidation - restricted for Qualifying Victims

F-12 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Other assets

Total assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Accrued liquidation costs

Total liabilities

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Other assets

Total assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Accrued liquidation costs

Total liabilities

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

F-13 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Other assets

Total assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Accrued liquidation costs

Total liabilities

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

Distributions reversed

Distributions (declared) reversed, net

,000.

Cash and cash equivalents

Restricted cash

Other assets

Total assets

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued liquidation costs

Total liabilities

Change in carrying value of assets and liabilities, net

F-14 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Distributions reversed

Distributions (declared) reversed, net

,000.

t currently
 have any outstanding credit agreements. On May 16, 2022, the Company terminated its prior credit agreement. Also, the Company never had outstanding borrowings on its credit agreement.

F-15 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

Allowed claims

enhancement for certain allowed claims

Settlement of claims by cancelling Liquidation Trust Interests

Outstanding at end of year

Class A
 Interests outstanding as of June 30, 2023, are held by Qualifying Victims (Note 7).

Allowed claims

5 enhancement for certain allowed claims

Disallowed claims

Reserved for unresolved claims at end of year

Class A Interests
 relating to unresolved claims as of June 30, 2023, were for Qualifying Victims (Note 7).

per Class A Interest; thereafter (b) to the Class B Interests until they have received distributions of per Class B Interest; thereafter (c) to each Liquidation Trust Interest (whether a Class A Interest or Class B Interest) until the aggregate of all distributions made
 pursuant to this clause equals an amount equivalent to interest, at a per annum fixed rate of , compounded annually, accrued on the
 aggregate principal amount of all Net Note Claims, Allowed General Unsecured Claims and Net Unit Claims, all as defined in the Plan, treating each distribution pursuant to (a) and (b) above as reductions of such principal amount; and thereafter (d)
 to the holders of Allowed Subordinated Claims, as defined in the Plan, until such claims are paid in full, including interest, at a per annum fixed rate of or such higher rate as may be agreed to, as provided for in the Plan, compounded annually, accrued on the principal amount of each Allowed Subordinated Claim, as defined.

F-16 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

distribution was declared and distributions were paid during the year ended June 30, 2023, and distributions were declared and 
 distributions were paid during the year ended June 30, 2022 in millions, except for per Class A Interest):

Tenth

(a) 

Ninth

Eighth

Total

,000 and ,000, respectively, were paid to holders of Class
 A Interests from the restricted cash account and distributions payable were reduced by the same amount.

,000 and ,000, respectively,
 were released from the restricted cash account and distributions payable were reduced by the same amount.

,000 and , respectively, was received from Interestholders that had been overpaid on prior
 distributions. 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item
 1. Financial Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

and ,000, respectively, was released from the restricted cash account and distributions payable were reduced by the same amount. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and
 2022, some Interestholders that had previously been deemed to have forfeited their rights to receive Class A Interest distributions responded and therefore approximately ,000 and , respectively, was added to the restricted cash
 account and distributions payable were increased by the same amount. 

single-family home in Los Angeles, California. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 the remaining amounts payable under this contract were approximately and ,000, respectively. During
 the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately ,000 and ,000, respectively, were paid by the Company to G3 related to this contract.

of the total gross amount recovered by the Trust from the pursuit of the Causes of Action. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately ,000 and ,000, respectively,
 were accrued as amounts due to the Liquidation Trustee, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately ,000 and ,000, respectively, were payable to the Liquidation Trustee. These amounts are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities in the
 accompanying consolidated statements of net assets in liquidation. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately ,000
 and ,000, respectively, were paid to the Liquidation Trustee.

,000 and ,000, respectively, were paid related to these services and there are outstanding payables as of June 30, 2023 and 2022.

separate Akerman LLP trust accounts for
 the benefit of the Company (the Trust Accounts ). The balance deposited in these accounts was approximately ,000 and ,000, respectively. On April 5, 2023, the Company transferred approximately ,000 relating to the distribution reserves and on May 11, 2023, the Company transferred the remaining balances in the Trust Accounts to one of the banking institutions with which it has
 a depositor relationship.

and ,000 were accrued as of
 June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, as the estimated amount of the bonus (including associated payroll taxes). This amount was included in the payroll and payroll-related costs portion of accrued liquidation costs in the accompanying
 consolidated statement of net assets in liquidation. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, ,000 and ,000, respectively, were paid related to executive bonuses.

F-18 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

law firms and individual attorneys. The cases against 
 law firms and individual attorneys have been settled or dismissed. At June 30, 2023, of the settlements were subject to the California Superior Court granting a motion for a court order that the settlements were made by the parties in good faith. As of June
 30, 2023, litigation against the other law firms and individual attorneys are in various stages (see Note 15 for additional information).

legal actions remain pending. 
 Additionally, since February 15, 2019 and as of June 30, 2023, the Trust has obtained default and stipulated judgments related to certain avoidance actions. It is unknown at this time how much, if any, will ultimately be collected on the judgments.
 Therefore, the Company has not recognized any recoveries from these judgments.

Comerica Bank

Total

of the settlement as amounts payable to the Liquidation Trustee and an allowance for uncollectible settlement installment receivables. See
 Note 5 for information about the settlement receivables, net as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 .

extension options. On May 18, 2022, the Company exercised its first option to extend the lease for . On November 16, 2022, the Company exercised its second option to extend its lease for an additional through July 31, 2023. In addition, the Company amended its lease to include a third 
 option to extend. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had not exercised its third option to extend (see Note 15 for additional
 information). The monthly base rent as of June 30, 2023 is approximately ,000 plus common area maintenance charges. The amount of rent
 paid, including common area maintenance and parking charges, during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, was approximately ,000 and
 ,000, respectively. 
 
 The Wind-Down Entity has part-time employment agreements with its executive officers through December 31, 2023. The agreements
 renew automatically until terminated, subject to the right of either party to terminate the agreement at any time and for any reason on advance written notice. 
 
 During the year ended June 30, 2023, a construction defect claim was asserted against one of the Wind-Down Subsidiaries by the buyer of one of the subsidiary s single-family homes. The subsidiary has tendered the claim to its insurance carrier. At this time, the amount
 of the liability exposure, if any, has not been determined and it is not known whether the subsidiary has any exposure in excess of its insurance coverage. The subsidiary is investigating the claim, including the extent and causes of the alleged
 damage and the identification of other potentially responsible persons (see Note 15). 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

,000 , net o f litigation costs and attorney fees, from the settlement of Causes of Action. This amount was recognized because it was received or concluded that collectibility was reasonably assured. 

,000 payable to the Liquidation Trustee, related to the settlement of Causes of Action.

,000 to the Liquidation Trustee related to the recovery of amounts from settled Causes of Action. 

,000 was released from the
 restricted cash account and distributions payable were reduced by the same amount.

Allowed claims 

Settlement of claims by cancelling Liquidation Trust Interests

Outstanding at September 27, 2023

Class A Interests outstanding as of
 September 27, 2023, are held by Qualifying Victims (Note 7). 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED) 
 
 Item 1. Financial
 Statements (Continued) 

Woodbridge Liquidation Trust and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 (Continued)

,000 from the sale of Forfeited Assets. 

option to extend its office lease through January 31, 2024. 

Cash and cash equivalents

(b)

(c)

(d)

Restricted cash

(d)

(e)

Other assets

(f)

(e)

Total assets

Liabilities

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

(g)

(c)

Distributions payable

(h)

Accrued liquidation costs

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Net Assets in Liquidation

Restricted for Qualifying Victims

All Interestholders

(b)

(f)

(h)

(g)

Total net assets in liquidation

million from settlement of Causes of Action during the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023. 

million to the Liquidation Trustee during the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023. 

,000 during the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023 related to cancelled Class A Interests. 

million payable to the Liquidation Trustee from the settlement of Causes of Action during the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023. 

,000 during the period from July 1, 2023 through September 27, 2023 related to cancelled Class A Interests. 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
 undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, this 27th day of September, 2023.

By:

/s/ Michael I. Goldberg

Name:

Michael I. Goldberg

Title:

Liquidation Trustee

<EX-31.1>
 2
 brhc20058377_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

Certification of Liquidation Trustee pursuant to Section 302

 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I, Michael I. Goldberg, certify that:

1. 
 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust;

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the net assets in liquidation and changes in net assets
 in liquidation of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. 
 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

a) 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b) 
 
 (Omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-4933);

c) 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
 period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d) 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case
 of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. 
 
 I have disclosed, based on my recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the
 equivalent functions):

a) 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and

b) 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting.

Date: September 27, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael I. Goldberg

Michael I. Goldberg,

Liquidation Trustee

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 brhc20058377_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

Certification of Liquidation Trustee pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,

 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Woodbridge Liquidation Trust (the Registrant for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and exchange Commission on the
 date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Michael I. Goldberg, Trustee of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his
 knowledge and belief:

1. 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

2. 
 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the net assets in liquidation and changes in net assets in liquidation of the Registrant.

Date: September 27, 2023

By:

/s/ Michael I. Goldberg

Michael I. Goldberg,

Liquidation Trustee

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 wlt-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 wlt-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 wlt-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 wlt-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 wlt-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

