<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230926_10-K_edgar_data_62362_0001193125-23-242126.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>340208</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>98581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>212771</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-242126.hdr.sgml : 20230926
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230926103755
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-242126
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230926
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230926

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARINE PETROLEUM TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000062362
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL ROYALTY TRADERS [6792]
		IRS NUMBER:				756008017
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08565
		FILM NUMBER:		231278076

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ARGENT TRUST COMPANY
		STREET 2:		3838 OAK LAWN AVENUE, SUITE 1720
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-919-1355

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3838 OAK LAWN AVENUE, SUITE 1720
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-242126.txt : 20230926

10-K
 1
 d516398d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 10-K 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ . 
 Commission File No. 000-08565 
 
 Marine Petroleum Trust 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Texas 
 
 75-6008017 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

c/o Corporate Trustee: 
 Argent Trust Company, 
 3838 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
 75219 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 (at the office of the Corporate Trustee): 
 (855) 588-7839 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading 
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 

Units of Beneficial Interest 
 
 MARPS 
 
 NASDAQ Capital Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None (Title of Class)
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
YES NO Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). YES NO The aggregate market value of units of beneficial interest
held by non-affiliates of the registrant at December 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately 14,000,000. (For purposes of
determination of the above stated amount, only directors, executive officers and 10 or greater unitholders have been deemed affiliates.) 
 The number of units of beneficial interest outstanding as of September 1, 2023 was 2,000,000. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

1 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

3 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

8 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

8 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

10 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

10 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Unitholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

11 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

11 

Item 7. 
 
 Trustee s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

11 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

15 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

15 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

15 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

15 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

16 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 

16 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

17 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

17 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters 

17 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

18 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

18 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

19 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

19 

i 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 Organization . Marine Petroleum Trust (the Trust is a royalty trust that was created in 1956 under the laws of the State of
Texas. Effective February 20, 2018, Simmons Bank Simmons became corporate trustee of the Trust as a result of a merger between Simmons and Southwest Bank, the former corporate trustee of the Trust. On November 4, 2021,
Simmons announced that it had entered into an agreement with Argent Trust Company, a Tennessee chartered trust company (the Trustee ), pursuant to which Simmons would resign as trustee of the Trust and nominate Argent Trust Company as
successor trustee of the Trust. The change in trustee from Simmons to Argent Trust Company was effective on December 30, 2022. The
Trust is not permitted to engage in any business activity because it was organized for the sole purpose of providing an efficient, orderly and practical means for the administration and liquidation of rights to payments from certain oil and natural
gas leases in the Gulf of Mexico, pursuant to license agreements and amendments between the Trust s predecessors and Gulf Oil Corporation Gulf ). As a result of various transactions that have occurred since 1956, these interests
were largely held by Chevron Corporation Chevron and are now predominately held by its assignees, including Arena Energy, LP Arena, and collectively with Chevron and its assignees, the Interest Owners ). The
Trust holds title to interests in properties that are situated offshore of Texas. The Indenture provides that the corporate trustee is to
distribute all cash in the Trust, less an amount reserved for the payment of accrued liabilities and estimated future expenses, to unitholders of record on the last business day of February, May, August and November. Payments are to be made on the
28 th day of September, December, March and June of each fiscal year. If the 28 th falls on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, the distribution
is payable on the next succeeding business day. The Indenture prohibits the operation of any kind of trade or business by the Trust and
also provides that the term of the Trust will expire on June 1, 2041, unless extended by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding units of beneficial interest. 
 Effective October 19, 2017, Simmons First National Corporation SFNC completed its acquisition of First Texas BHC, Inc., the
parent company of Southwest Bank. SFNC is the parent of Simmons. SFNC merged Southwest Bank, the former corporate trustee of the Trust, with Simmons effective February 20, 2018. Effective December 30, 2022, Argent Trust Company succeeded
Simmons as the corporate trustee of the Trust following Simmons resignation as trustee. The defined term Trustee as used herein shall refer to Simmons for periods on and after February 20, 2018 through December 29, 2022, and to
Argent Trust Company for periods on and after December 30, 2022. The Trust s wholly owned subsidiary, Marine Petroleum
Corporation MPC, and collectively with the Trust, Marine ), holds title to interests in properties that are situated offshore of Louisiana, because at the time the Trust was created, trusts could not hold these interests
under Louisiana law. Ninety-eight percent of all oil, natural gas, and other mineral royalties collected by MPC, less the receiving and collection costs, are retained by and delivered to the Trust. MPC retains the remaining two percent of the
overriding royalties along with other items of income and expense until the board of directors declares a dividend out of the corpus. MPC, like the Trust, is prohibited from engaging in a trade or business and only takes those actions that are
necessary for the administration and liquidation of its properties. Marine s only industry segment or purpose is the administration and collection of royalties. 
 Royalties . Marine s rights are generally referred to as overriding royalty interests in the oil and natural gas industry, and are
sometimes referred to as overriding royalty interests in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. An overriding royalty interest is created by an assignment by the owner of a working interest in an oil or natural gas
lease. All production and marketing functions are conducted by the working interest owners of the leases. Income from overriding royalties is paid to Marine either (i) on the basis of the selling price of oil, natural gas and other minerals
produced, saved or sold, or (ii) at the value at the wellhead as determined by industry standards, when the selling price does not reflect the value at the wellhead. 
 Marine holds an overriding royalty interest equal to three-fourths of 1 of the value at the well of any oil, natural gas, or other minerals
produced and sold from the leases described in the Properties section below. Marine s overriding royalty interest applies only to existing leases and does not apply to new leases that the Interest Owners may acquire. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

Marine also previously owned a 32.6 interest in Tidelands Royalty Trust B Tidelands ), a separate Texas trust. Tidelands was a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. On March 8, 2019, Tidelands terminated the registration of its units under Section 12(g) of the
Exchange Act, and suspended its reporting obligations under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. As of that date, Tidelands obligations to file certain reports with the SEC, including annual, quarterly and current reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, respectively, were automatically and immediately suspended. The term of Tidelands expired in 2021.
Tidelands has been wound up and declared January 31, 2022 as the record date for the final distribution which was paid in February 2022. 
 As of the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the leases subject to Marine s
interests cover an aggregate of 199,868 gross acres. These leases will remain in force until the leases terminate or expire pursuant to their respective terms. Leases may be voluntarily released by the working interest owner after oil and natural
gas reserves are produced. Leases may also be abandoned by the working interest owner due to the failure to discover and produce sufficient reserves to make development economically worthwhile. In addition, the U.S. federal government may terminate
a lease if the working interest owner fails to develop a lease once it is acquired. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023,
approximately 95 of Marine s royalty revenues were attributable to the sale of oil and approximately 5 of Marine s royalty revenues were attributable to the sale of natural gas. The royalty revenues received by Marine are affected by a
number of factors, including seasonal fluctuations in demand, the ability of wells to produce due to depletion and changes in the market prices for oil and natural gas. The following table presents the percent of royalties received from various
working interest owners, which account for the royalties received in each of the past three years. 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

Company 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Arena Energy, LP 

99 

99 

99 

Chevron USA, Inc. 

1 

0 

1 

Walter Oil Gas Corporation 

0 

1 

0 

100 

100 

100 
 
 In addition, Marine did not have any revenues from its interest in Tidelands for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2021. However, Marine received 93,134 as a final distribution from Tidelands during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 Marine derives no revenues from foreign sources and has no export sales. 
 Trust Functions . The Trust is administered by officers and employees of its Trustee. The Trust has no employees. See Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . All aspects of Marine s operations are conducted by third parties.
These operations include the production and sale of oil and natural gas and the calculation of royalty payments to Marine, which are conducted by oil and natural gas companies that lease tracts subject to Marine s interests. American Stock
Transfer and Trust Company, LLC is the transfer agent for Marine and is responsible for reviewing, processing and paying distributions. 
 The ability of Marine to receive revenues is entirely dependent upon its rights with respect to the leases held by the Interest Owners in the
Gulf of Mexico (as more fully described in Item 2. Properties below). Moreover, no revenues are payable to Marine until sales of production commence from any such lease. 
 The royalty interests held by Marine are depleting with each barrel of oil and cubic foot of natural gas produced. No funds are reinvested by
Marine; thus, these depleting assets are not being replaced. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Widely Held Fixed Investment Trust Reporting Information. The
Trustee assumes that some units of beneficial interest are held by middlemen, as such term is broadly defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations (and includes custodians, nominees, certain joint owners and brokers holding an interest for a customer in
street name). Therefore, the Trustee considers the Trust to be a widely held fixed investment trust WHFIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Trust will provide tax information in accordance with applicable U.S.
Treasury Regulations governing the information reporting requirements of the Trust as a WHFIT. The Trustee that will provide the required information and the contact information for the Trustee is as follows: 
 Argent Trust Company 3838 Oak
Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720 Dallas, Texas 75219 
 Telephone number: (855) 588-7839 
 Each unitholder should consult its own tax advisor for compliance with U.S. federal income tax laws and regulations. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 Although various risk factors and specific cautionary statements are described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following is a summary of the principal risks that we believe to be most material to the Trust and to an investment in units of the Trust. The following discussion of risks is not exclusive and
is designed to highlight what we believe are the material factors to consider when evaluating its business or an investment in units of the Trust. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial
could also adversely affect the Trust or an investment in units of the Trust. Risks related to the Trust s Business and its Industry 
 Current and future oil and natural gas prices fluctuate due to a number of uncontrollable factors. Any depression in oil and natural gas prices would
result in lower royalty payments to Marine and lower cash distributions to its unitholders. Marine s quarterly distributions
are highly dependent upon the prices realized from the sale of oil and natural gas. Any sustained decline in Marine s distributable income would cause a decrease in the value of cash distributions to its unitholders and could result in Marine
being unable to make a cash distribution to its unitholders in one or more quarters, as well as result in a decrease of the market price of the units. 
 Historically, oil and natural gas prices have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile in the future due to factors beyond
Marine s control. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

political conditions worldwide, and in particular, political disruptions, terrorist activities, wars or other
armed conflicts in oil producing regions, including the war in Ukraine; 

worldwide economic conditions; 

tariffs; 

weather conditions; 

technological innovation affecting extraction expenses; 

the supply and price of domestic and foreign oil and natural gas; 

the level of consumer demand; 

the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

the proximity to, and capacity of, transportation facilities; and 

the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures. 
 Moreover, government regulations, such as the regulation of natural gas transportation and price controls, can affect oil and natural gas
prices in the long term. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Lower prices may reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that is economical to produce and
reduce distributable income available to Marine. As a result, a substantial decline in the production or price of oil and natural gas could result in Marine being unable to make distributions to unitholders in future quarters. The volatility of oil
and gas prices reduces the predictability of future cash distributions to unitholders. Substantially all of the oil and natural gas produced from the leases are being sold under short-term or multi-month contracts at market clearing prices or on the
spot market. Marine is unable to acquire royalty interests in any more leases. 
 Marine s overriding royalty interests apply only to existing leases and do not apply to new leases that the Interest Owners may acquire.
Therefore, the Interest Owners are no longer obligated to assign any interest to Marine out of any lease that they acquire. In addition, Marine is not permitted to carry on any business, including making investments in additional oil and natural gas
interests. Marine will continue to be entitled to receive payments on its existing leases, so long as the leases are active properties. Once the leases terminate or expire, any overriding royalties payable to Marine will terminate and Marine will
not be able to acquire any additional or replacement royalty interests. Royalty interests are depleting assets and may deplete faster than expected
or in their entirety. The net proceeds payable to Marine are derived from the sale of depleting assets. Accordingly, the portion
of the distributions to unitholders that are attributable to depletion may be considered a return of capital as opposed to a return on investment. Distributions that are considered a return of capital will ultimately diminish the depletion tax
benefits available to unitholders, which could reduce the market value of the units over time. The reduction in proved reserve quantities
is a common measure of depletion. Future maintenance and development projects on the leases will likely affect the quantity of proved reserves. The timing and size of these projects will depend on the market prices of oil and natural gas. If
operators of the leases do not implement additional maintenance and development projects, the future rate of production decline of proved reserves may be higher than the rate currently experienced by Marine. Eventually, the properties in the leases
will stop producing in commercial quantities, and Marine will cease to be entitled to receive any distributions of net proceeds therefrom. 
 The spread of a pandemic, such as coronavirus
 COVID-19 and its variants, and measures taken to mitigate the impact of such a pandemic could have an adverse effect on trust distributions. 
 The spread of a pandemic such as COVID-19, and the continually changing measures taken to
mitigate the impact of such a pandemic, could have an adverse effect on the demand for oil and natural gas and the business and operations of the operators of the properties, which in turn could have an adverse effect on trust distributions. 
 Demand for oil and natural gas, and the business and operations of the operators of the properties could be adversely impacted by pandemics,
as well as measures that could be taken to mitigate the impact of such pandemics. During 2020 and part of 2021, the oil and gas industry experienced a sharp and rapid decline in the demand for crude oil and natural gas as the U.S. and global
economy, and commodity prices, were negatively impacted as economic activity was curtailed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Official restrictions on non-essential 
activities, including shelter in place and stay at home orders, were introduced throughout the U.S. and the world, which impacted operators production activities and the reintroduction of and length of time such renewed
measures are in place may further adversely affect Trust distributions. At this time, the full extent to which future pandemics will or may negatively impact the global economy and the oil and gas industry is uncertain, but pandemics or other
significant public health events could have a material adverse effect on operators business and financial condition which would likely have an adverse effect on Trust distributions. 
 The operators of the oil and natural gas leases are subject to extensive governmental regulation. 
 Oil and natural gas operators have been, and in the future will be, affected by Federal, state and local laws and regulations and other
political developments, such as price or gathering rate controls, drilling regulations, and environmental protection regulations, including the regulation of hydraulic fracturing. Although Marine is unable to predict changes to existing laws
and regulations, such changes could significantly impact Marine s overriding royalty interests. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

The owner of any properties in the leases may transfer any of the properties to another unrelated
third party, which could reduce the amount of royalty payments that are received. The working interest owners may at any time
transfer all or part of the property in a lease to another unrelated third party. Unitholders are not entitled to vote on any transfer, and Marine will not receive any proceeds of any such transfer. Following any transfer, the lease will continue to
be subject to Marine s royalty interest, but the net proceeds from the transferred property would be calculated separately and paid by the transferee. The transferee would be responsible for all of the obligations relating to calculating,
reporting and paying to Marine its royalty interest on the transferred portion of the lease, and the transferor of the transferred property would have no continuing obligation to Marine for that property. Any such transferee may not be as
financially sound as the current working interest owner. The owner of any properties in the leases may abandon any property, terminating the
related royalty interest Marine may hold. The current working interest owners or any transferee may abandon any well or property
that is subject to Marine s royalty interest if it believes that the well or property can no longer produce in commercially economic quantities or for any other reason. This would terminate Marine s royalty interest relating to the
abandoned well or property. The Trustee, Marine and the Trust s unitholders do not control the operation or development of the properties in
the leases and have little influence over their operation or development. The Trustee, Marine and the Trust s unitholders 
 have little, if any, influence or control over the operation or future development of the underlying properties of the leases. The properties underlying the leases are owned by independent working interest owners. The working interest owners
manage the underlying properties and handle the receipt and payment of funds relating to the leases and payments to Marine for its royalty interests. The current working interest owners are under no obligation to continue operating the properties.
The failure of a working interest owner to conduct its operations, discharge its obligations, cooperate with regulatory agencies or comply with laws, rules and regulations in a proper manner could have an adverse effect on net proceeds payable to
Marine. The Trustee, Marine and the Trust s unitholders do not have the right to replace a working interest owner. Risks Related to
the Units The market price for the units may not reflect the value of the royalty interests held by Marine. 
 The public trading price for the units tends to be tied to the recent and expected levels of cash distributions on the units. The amounts
available for distribution by Marine vary in response to numerous factors outside of Marine s control, including prevailing prices for oil and natural gas produced from properties on the leases. The market price of the units is not necessarily
indicative of the value that Marine would realize if it sold its interest in the properties on the leases to a third party buyer and distributed the net proceeds to its unitholders. In addition, the market price of the units is not necessarily
reflective of the fact that Marine s assets are depleting assets, and a portion of each cash distribution paid on the units should be considered by investors as a return of capital, with the remainder being considered as a return on investment.
There is no guarantee that distributions made to a unitholder over the life of these depleting assets will equal or exceed the purchase price paid by the unitholder for the unit. 
 In addition, the public stock markets have traditionally experienced price and trading volume volatility. This volatility has had a
significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons that may or may not be related to operating performance. If the public stock markets continue to experience price and trading volume volatility in the future,
the market price of the units could be adversely affected. Our units have been thinly traded and an active trading market for our units may not
develop. The trading volume of our units has historically been low. As a result, sales of small amounts of the units in the public
market could cause the price of the units to fluctuate greatly, including in a materially adverse manner. In addition, a more active trading market for our units may not develop, or if it does develop, may not continue, and a unitholder may find it
difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of, our units. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Operating risks for the working interest owners interests on the leases can adversely affect
distributions. The occurrence of drilling, production or transportation accidents and other natural disasters on the properties
underlying the leases can reduce distributions. These occurrences include blowouts, cratering, explosions, environmental and hurricane damage that may result in personal injuries, property damage, damage to productive formations or equipment and
environmental damages. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the amount of our distributions or the market value of the units. 
 Failure to collect royalty payments from working interest owners could adversely affect Marine s distributions to its unitholders. 
 A significant portion of Marine s royalties are attributable to a limited number of working interest owners. For the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023, two working interest owners accounted for 100 of the royalty payments to Marine. Marine does not require working interest owners to pledge collateral or otherwise post security for royalty payments. At any time, Marine may
encounter collection issues with one or more of the working interest owners, which could result in Marine not receiving payments for some or all of its royalty interests. Any reduction in royalty payments would reduce the distributable income to
Marine s unitholders. Marine s royalty interest can be sold and the Trust can be terminated. 
 The Trust may be terminated and the Trustee may sell Marine s royalty interests if holders of 80 or more of the units of beneficial
interest of the Trust approve the sale and vote to terminate the Trust. Following any such termination and liquidation, the net proceeds of any sale would be distributed to the unitholders and the unitholders would receive no further distributions
from the Trust. Any such sale may not be on terms acceptable or favorable to all unitholders. Important reserve and other information with respect
to the particular leases subject to Marine s royalty interest is unreasonably difficult to obtain. The leasehold working
interests that are subject to the rights held by Marine are owned, in most cases, in whole or in part by Arena, or other oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. Certain information with respect to the particular leases subject to
Marine s interests, including, but not limited to, (i) reserves, (ii) the availability of oil and natural gas, (iii) the average production cost (lifting cost) per unit, (iv) undeveloped acreage and (v) net wells and net
acres, lies solely within the knowledge of these working interest owners. Marine does not have access to engineering data regarding these leaseholds and believes that such information would have been compiled principally by or for the working
interest owners of these leaseholds and such information is unreasonably difficult for Marine to obtain. The Trustee may be subject to attempted
cybersecurity disruptions from a variety of sources including state-sponsored actors. The Trustee maintains cybersecurity
protocols to secure sensitive, non-public information. If the measures taken to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient or if proprietary data is otherwise not protected, the Trustee
or customers, employees, or third parties could be adversely affected. The Trust is also exposed to potential harm from cybersecurity events that may affect the operations of third-parties, including suppliers, service providers (including providers
of cloud-hosting services for our data or applications), and customers. Cybersecurity disruptions could cause harm to people or the environment; damage or destroy assets; compromise business systems; result in proprietary information being altered,
lost, or stolen; result in employee, customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt business operations. The Trust could incur significant costs to remedy the effects of a major cybersecurity disruption in addition to
costs in connection with resulting regulatory actions, litigation, or reputational harm. As a result, such costs could decrease the Trust s distributions to its unitholders. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Terrorism and continued geopolitical hostilities, including the war in Ukraine, could adversely affect
Marine s distributions to its unitholders or the market price of its units. Terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist
attacks, whether domestic or foreign, as well as military or other actions taken in response to such attacks or threats, could cause instability in the global financial, oil and natural gas markets. Terrorism and other geopolitical hostilities,
including the war in Ukraine, could adversely affect the Trust s distributions to its unitholders or the market price of its units in unpredictable ways, including through the disruption of oil and natural gas supplies and markets, increased
volatility in oil and natural gas prices, or the possibility that the infrastructure on which the operators of the underlying properties rely could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of an act of terror. 
 Unitholders have limited voting rights. 
 Voting rights as a unitholder are more limited than those of stockholders of most public corporations. For example, there is no requirement for
annual meetings of unitholders or for an annual or other periodic re-election of the Trustee. Unlike corporations, which are generally governed by boards of directors that are elected by their equity holders,
the Trust is administered by a corporate trustee in accordance with the Indenture and other organizational documents. The Trustee has extremely limited discretion in its administration of the Trust. 
 The limited liability of the unitholders is uncertain. 
 The unitholders are not protected from the liabilities of the Trust to the same extent that a shareholder would be protected from a
corporation s liabilities. The structure of the Trust as a trust does not include the interposition of a limited liability entity, such as a corporation or limited partnership, which would provide further limited liability protection to
unitholders. While the Trust is liable for any excess liabilities incurred if the Trustee fails to ensure that such liabilities are to be satisfied only out of the Trust s assets, under the laws of the State of Texas, which are unsettled on
this point, a unitholder may be jointly and severally liable for any liability of the Trust if (i) the satisfaction of such liabilities was not contractually limited to the assets of the Trust and (ii) the assets of the Trust and the
Trustee are not adequate to satisfy such liability. As a result, unitholders may be exposed to personal liability. Cash held by the Trustee is not
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Currently, cash held by Marine that is reserved for the payment of accrued
liabilities and estimated future expenses and distributions to unitholders is typically held in cash deposits, U.S. Treasury and agency bonds and money market accounts. Marine places such reserve cash with financial institutions that Marine
considers credit worthy and limits the amount of credit exposure from any one financial institution. However, none of these accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In the event that any such financial institution becomes
insolvent, Marine may be unable to recover any or all such cash from the insolvent financial institution. Any loss of such cash may have a material adverse effect on Marine s cash balances and any distributions to unitholders. 
 Financial information of Marine is not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 The financial statements of Marine are prepared on a modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting that
differs from generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). Although the modified cash basis of accounting is permitted for royalty trusts by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the
financial statements of Marine differ from financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP because royalty income is recognized in the month it is received rather than in the month of production, expenses are recorded in the month paid rather
than in the month incurred and reserves may be established for contingencies that would not be recorded under GAAP. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

If Marine becomes subject to the Texas franchise tax, the Trustee may have to withhold amounts from
future distributions to pay the tax liability. The State of Texas imposes a franchise tax that applies to most business entities
doing business in Texas. Trusts, however, other than business trusts (as defined in U.S. Treasury Regulation section 301.7701-4(b)), that meet certain statutory requirements are exempt from the franchise tax
as passive entities. The Trustee does not expect that the Trust will be required to pay any amounts under the Texas franchise
tax for the 2023 tax year based on the Trustee s belief that the Trust is exempt from the franchise tax as a passive entity i.e. , the Trust is not a business trust, it receives at least 90 of its federal gross income from certain
passive sources, and no more than 10 of its income is derived from an active trade or business). If it is subsequently determined that the Trust is not exempt from the franchise tax, the Trust will be required to reduce distributions by the amount
required to satisfy and pay the Trust s franchise tax liability for the years for which the applicable statute of limitations has not yet expired. In addition, the Trust would be required to timely pay franchise tax liability due with respect
to current and future years in which the Trust fails to qualify for an exemption and has total revenues in excess of the applicable no tax due threshold, which is currently 1,230,000. 
 If the Trust is exempt from the Texas franchise tax as a passive entity, each unitholder that is subject to the Texas franchise tax as a
taxable entity under the Texas Tax Code should generally include its share of the Trust s revenue in its franchise tax computation. The Texas franchise tax does not apply to natural persons. Each unitholder is urged to consult its own tax
advisor regarding its possible Texas franchise tax liability. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 General . Marine is not engaged in oil and natural gas exploration or production operations, and its only industry segment or purpose is
the administration and collection of royalties. Marine s income is based upon the oil and natural gas operations of third parties. Marine s income is derived from contracts that provide for payments in the nature of overriding royalties
made to Marine based on oil and natural gas sales from certain leases in the Gulf of Mexico. Marine does not own or directly lease any physical properties. 
 Reserves . As indicated above, Marine is not engaged in the exploration or production of oil or natural gas. Marine s income is
derived from overriding royalty payments that are carved out of working interests in oil and natural gas leases in the Gulf of Mexico. Marine does not have the engineering data necessary to make an estimate of the proved oil and natural gas reserves
attributable to such working interests (nor the present value of future net cash flows from such reserves), and Marine is not entitled to receive such data from the owners of the working interests from which its interests are derived. See also
 Difficulty in Obtaining Certain Data. Since Marine does not have access to this reserve information, Marine is unable to compute the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows attributable to such working
interests. Marine did not file any reports during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 with any U.S. Federal authority or agency with
respect to oil and natural gas reserves. Due to the nature of Marine s business, it does not have any delivery commitments. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Production . Information regarding the net quantities of oil and natural gas sold with
respect to Marine s overriding royalty interests for each of the last three fiscal years, as well as the average sales price per unit of oil and natural gas sold upon which payments to Marine are based, is set forth in the following table: 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net quantities sold: 

Oil (in barrels bbls )) 

16,817 

16,096 

9,085 

Natural gas (in thousands of cubic feet mcf )) 

12,712 

15,221 

8,539 

Average sales price for royalty oil and natural gas sold: 

Oil (per bbl) (1) 

90.59 

78.23 

39.93 

Natural gas, net of expenses (per mcf) (1) 

6.80 

5.86 

2.80 

(1) 
 The average sales price is calculated from data provided by the operators. 
 Information about average production cost (lifting cost) per unit of production has been omitted due to its unavailability and inapplicability
to Marine. For more recent information regarding prices, see Item 7. Trustee s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Productive Wells . Based on the latest public records reviewed by Marine from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and
Enforcement, a division of the U.S. government, there were approximately 201 gross active wells subject to Marine s interests. Marine believes that the term active wells is synonymous with the term productive wells as
defined in Item 1205 of Regulation S-K. While Marine believes that most of the active wells produce both oil and natural gas, Marine is unable to determine the actual number of wells classified as either oil
or natural gas wells without unreasonable effort and expense. See Difficulty in Obtaining Certain Data. Drilling
Activity . During each of the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, there were no wells drilled or recompleted in which Marine has an interest. 
 Information regarding net wells or acres is not included since Marine does not own any working interests. 
 Lease Acreage . As of June 30, 2023, Marine had an overriding royalty interest in 55 different oil and natural gas leases covering
an aggregate of 199,868 gross acres. These leases are located in the Central and Western areas of the Gulf of Mexico off the coasts of Louisiana and Texas. This acreage is presented in the following table: 

Leases Granted
by (1) : 
 
 Producing Acreage 

United States 

194,338 

State of Texas 

640 

State of Louisiana 

4,890 

199,868 

(1) 
 Leases are typically granted for a term of five years, during which the lease owner must establish commercial
production, or the lease expires. Marine s overriding royalty area is determined by a contract that defines the area in which Marine is entitled to receive a royalty interest. In some cases, that area does not cover an entire lease block. In
those cases, Marine s royalty interest only applies to the area that lies within the lease. Of the aggregate of 199,868 total gross acres in which Marine has an overriding royalty interest, there are 210 gross acres located on leases that have
commercial production, but the production is not on Marine s overriding royalty area within those leases. The
overriding royalty interest owned by Marine is three-fourths of 1 of the working interest held by the Interest Owners. The fractional interest therefore varies from lease to lease. The acreage weighted average of the fractional interest in all
leases is 0.5324 . The following table presents the acreage breakdown by fractional interests of Marine: 

Trust 
 
 Gross Acres 

Interest 

Marine 

105,672 

0.7500 

Marine 

1,527 

0.5000 

Marine 

40,151 

0.3750 

Marine 

52,518 

0.2006 

Summary 

199,868 

0.5324 

9 

Table of Contents 

Present Activities . As of June 30, 2023, public records indicated that no wells
were being drilled, re-drilled or worked over on tracts in which Marine has an interest. Additionally, public records indicated that operators had not designated any locations for additional operations, which
may include drilling, permits to work over or recomplete a well or other types of operations. There is no assurance that wells will be drilled, and if they are drilled, that they will be successful. Marine is not obligated to provide any fixed and
determinable quantities of oil or natural gas in the future under any existing contracts or agreements. Difficulty in Obtaining
Certain Data . Marine s only activities are the collection and distribution of revenues from overriding royalties on certain oil and natural gas leases in the Gulf of Mexico, pursuant to purchase agreements between Marine s predecessors
and Gulf and its transferees. The leasehold working interests that are subject to the rights held by Marine are owned, in most cases, in whole or in part by Chevron, or other oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. Certain
information with respect to the particular leases subject to Marine s interests, including, but not limited to, (i) reserves, (ii) the availability of oil and natural gas, (iii) the average production cost (lifting cost) per unit,
(iv) undeveloped acreage and (v) net wells and net acres, lies solely within the knowledge of these working interest owners. Marine does not have access to engineering data regarding these leaseholds and believes that such information
would have been compiled principally by or for the working interest owners of these leaseholds, and that such information is unreasonably difficult for Marine to obtain. As a result, Marine believes that unreasonable efforts and expense would be
involved in seeking to obtain all of the information required under Item 102 and Subpart 1200 of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 To their knowledge, neither the Trust nor MPC, nor any of their respective properties, is a party to or subject to any material pending
litigation as of the date hereof. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY
SECURITIES The units of beneficial interest in the Trust trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 MARPS. Distributions of cash are made to unitholders quarterly. The Trust is authorized to issue and has issued 2,000,000
units of beneficial interest. On September 1, 2023, these outstanding units of record were held by 195 unitholders. There were no changes in the number of outstanding units of beneficial interest during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023.
 The Trust must distribute to its unitholders all cash accumulated each quarter, less an amount reserved for accrued liabilities and
estimated future expenses. The amount reserved varies from quarter to quarter and amounted to 66,500 for the distribution paid on June 28, 2023. Such distributions have been made since the Trust s inception and will continue so long as
the income from oil and natural gas royalties exceeds administrative costs. Distributions primarily fluctuate from quarter to quarter due
to changes in oil and natural gas prices and production quantities. Distributions are determined by the cash available to the Trust on the determination date less reserves for future expenses. 
 Marine does not maintain any equity compensation plans. The Trust did not repurchase any units of beneficial interest during the quarter ended
June 30, 2023. While the Trust s Annual Report on Form 10-K (excluding exhibits) for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 is distributed to unitholders, a copy of the Annual Report on Form 10-K (excluding exhibits) is available without charge to interested parties. There will be copying
and mailing charges for copies of any exhibits that are requested. Written requests should be directed to Mr. Ron E. Hooper, Argent Trust Company, 3838 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720, Dallas, Texas, 75219. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. 
 TRUSTEE S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 Critical Accounting Policies . The financial statements of Marine have been prepared on the modified cash
basis method and are not intended to present Marine s financial position and results of operations in conformity with GAAP. Under the modified cash basis method: 

Royalty income is recognized when received by Marine. 

Marine s expenses (which include accounting, legal, and other professional fees, Trustees fees and out-of-pocket expenses) are recorded on an actual paid basis. Reserves for liabilities that are contingent or uncertain in amount may also be established if considered
necessary. 

Distributions to unitholders are recognized when declared by the Trustee of the Trust. 
 The financial statements of Marine differ from financial statements prepared in conformity with GAAP because of the following: 

Royalty income is recognized in the month received rather than in the month of production. 

Reserves may be established for certain contingencies that would not be recorded under GAAP.

Expenses are recorded in the month paid rather than in the month incurred. 

Depletion is not recorded. 
 This comprehensive basis of accounting corresponds to the accounting principles permitted for royalty trusts by the SEC as specified by Staff
Accounting Bulletin Topic 12:E, Financial Statements of Royalty Trusts. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with the modified cash basis method of
accounting requires the Trustee to make various estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may
differ from such estimates. Revenue Recognition . In May 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance for recognizing revenue from
contracts with customers. This update amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition and is based on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of goods and services to a customer at an amount that
reflects the consideration a company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services and revenue streams related solely to oil and gas royalties. The Trust adopted the disclosure standards of this update, as required, beginning with the
first quarter of fiscal year 2019. The adoption of this standard has not had a significant impact on its financial statements due to the modified cash basis of reporting used by the Trust. 
 Effective October 19, 2017, SFNC completed its acquisition of First Texas BHC, Inc., the parent company of Southwest Bank. SFNC is the
parent of Simmons. SFNC merged Southwest Bank, the former corporate trustee of the Trust, with Simmons effective February 20, 2018. Effective December 30, 2022, Argent Trust Company succeeded Simmons as the corporate trustee of the Trust
following Simmons resignation as trustee. The defined term Trustee as used herein shall refer to Simmons for periods on and after February 20, 2018 through December 29, 2022, and to Argent Trust Company for periods on and after
December 30, 2022. Results of Operations. Marine s revenues are derived from the oil and natural gas production
activities of third parties. Marine s revenues and distributions fluctuate from period to period based upon factors beyond Marine s control, including, without limitation, the number of leases subject to Marine s interests, the number
of productive wells drilled on leases subject to Marine s interests, the level of production over time from such wells and the prices at which the oil and natural gas from such wells are sold. 
 Marine s results of operations are significantly impacted by oil and natural gas prices and the quantity of oil and natural gas
production. Oil and natural gas prices have historically experienced significant volatility. Marine is not permitted to manage its commodity price risk through the use of fixed price contracts or financial derivatives. 
 Marine s income consists primarily of oil and natural gas royalties and is based on the value at the well of its percentage interest in
oil and natural gas sold without reduction for any of the expenses of production. Value at the well for oil means the sellers selling price at its receiving point onshore, less the cost of transportation from the offshore lease to
the onshore receiving point. Value at the well for natural gas means the selling price less the cost of compression, dehydration and transportation from the lease to the delivery point of the pipeline transporting the product to market.
In general, value at the well is determined on the basis of the selling price of oil, natural gas and other minerals produced, saved and sold, or at wellhead prices determined by industry standards, where the selling price does not reflect value at
the well. In the event an agreement is not arms-length in nature, the value is based upon current market prices. Summary Review. 
In general, Marine receives royalties two months after oil production and three months after natural gas production. The June 2023 distribution of 0.11 per unit decreased from the March 2023 distribution of 0.16 per unit. As disclosed in a press
release dated August 21, 2023, the September 2023 distribution of 0.12 per unit will be an increase from the June 2023 distribution of 0.11 per unit. 
 Marine s distributable income for fiscal 2023 amounted to 1,375,417, or 0.69 per unit, as compared to 1,204,193, or 0.60 per unit, in
fiscal 2022, and 161,580, or 0.08 per unit, in fiscal 2021. Distributions to unitholders are calculated and paid out net of reserve for future expenses, which are estimated by the Trustee on a quarterly basis. 
 There was no income from the Trust s interest in Tidelands for fiscal year 2021. However, Marine received 93,134 as a final distribution
from Tidelands during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The following table shows the number of wells drilled or recompleted on leases in which
Marine has an interest and the number of active wells at the end of each of the past three fiscal years. 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Wells Drilled or Recompleted (Gross) 

Active Wells (Gross) 

201 

201 

201 
 
 The following table and related discussion and analysis shows the royalty income, the net quantities sold, and
the average price received for oil and natural gas during fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021. 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Income from: 

Oil royalties 

1,523,466 

1,259,133 

362,751 

Natural gas royalties 

86,416 

89,121 

23,905 

Totals 

1,609,882 

1,348,254 

386,656 

Net quantities sold: 

Oil (bbls) 

16,817 

16,096 

9,085 

Natural gas (mcf) 

12,712 

15,221 

8,539 

Average price: 

Oil (per bbl) (1) 

90.59 

78.23 

39.93 

Natural gas, net of expenses (per mcf) (1) 

6.80 

5.86 

2.80 

(1) 
 These amounts are net of the cost of transportation from offshore leases to onshore receiving points.
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year 20 22 . During fiscal 2023, Marine received approximately 95 of
its royalty income from the sale of oil and 5 of its royalty income from the sale of natural gas, as compared to approximately 93 of its royalty income from the sale of oil and 7 of its royalty income from the sale of natural gas in fiscal year
2022. Income from oil and natural gas royalties in fiscal 2023 increased approximately 19 from fiscal 2022, primarily due to an increase in prices realized for oil and natural gas in addition to an increase in production of oil resulting from an
opening up of oil production. Revenue from oil royalties amounted to 1,523,466 in fiscal 2023, an increase from the 1,259,133 
 realized in fiscal 2022. The average price realized for a barrel of oil increased to 90.59 in fiscal 2023 from the 78.23 realized in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, oil production increased to 16,817 bbls from the 16,096 bbls produced in fiscal
2022. Revenue from natural gas royalties amounted to 86,416 in fiscal 2023, a decrease from the 89,121 realized in fiscal 2022. In
fiscal 2023, the average price per mcf of natural gas increased to 6.80 from the 5.86 realized in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2023, natural gas production decreased to 12,712 mcf from the 15,221 mcf produced in fiscal 2022. 
 General and administrative expenses for fiscal 2023 amounted to 273,526, an increase from the 237,747 recorded in fiscal 2022, due to
an increase in professional fees, investor fees and printing expenses. Fiscal Year 2022 Compared to Fiscal Year 2021 . During
fiscal 2022, Marine received approximately 93 of its royalty income from the sale of oil and 7 of its royalty income from the sale of natural gas, as compared to approximately 94 of its royalty income from the sale of oil and 6 of its royalty
income from the sale of natural gas in fiscal year 2021. Income from oil and natural gas royalties in fiscal 2022 increased approximately 249 from fiscal 2021, primarily due to an increase in prices realized for oil and natural gas in addition to
an increase in production of oil and natural gas resulting from an opening up of production. Revenue from oil royalties amounted to
 1,259,133 in fiscal 2022, an increase from the 362,751 realized in fiscal 2021. The average price realized for a barrel of oil increased to 78.23 in fiscal 2022 from the 39.93 realized in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, oil production
increased to 16,096 bbls from the 9,085 bbls produced in fiscal 2021. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Revenue from natural gas royalties amounted to 89,121 in fiscal 2022, an increase from the
 23,905 realized in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, the average price per mcf of natural gas increased to 5.86 from the 2.80 realized in fiscal 2021. In fiscal 2022, natural gas production increased to 15,221 mcf from the 8,539 mcf produced in fiscal
2021. General and administrative expenses for fiscal 2022 amounted to 237,747, an increase from the 225,237 recorded in fiscal
2021, due to an increase in professional fees, investor fees and printing expenses. Capital Resources and Liquidity . The
Trust s Indenture (and the charter and by-laws of MPC) expressly prohibits the operation of any kind of trade or business. Due to the limited purpose of the Trust as stated in the Trust s Indenture,
there is no requirement for capital. Its only obligation is to distribute to unitholders the distributable income actually collected. As
an administrator of oil and natural gas royalty properties, the Trust collects income monthly, pays expenses of administration and disburses all distributable income collected to its unitholders each quarter, less an amount reserved for accrued
liabilities and estimated future expenses. Because all of Marine s revenues are invested in liquid funds pending distribution, Marine does not experience liquidity problems. 
 Marine s oil and natural gas properties are depleting assets and are not being replaced due to the prohibition against these investments.
These restrictions, along with other factors, allow the Trust to be treated as a non-taxable grantor trust for U.S. Federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, all of Marine s income and deductions should
flow through to its unitholders on a proportionate basis. MPC will owe U.S. Federal (and state) income taxes with respect to its income after deducting statutory depletion. MPC s income specifically excludes 98 of oil and natural gas
royalties collected by MPC, which are retained by and delivered to the Trust in respect of the Trust s net profits interest. The
Trust does not currently have any long-term contractual obligations, other than the obligation to make distributions to unitholders pursuant to the Indenture. The Trust does not maintain any off-balance sheet
arrangements within the meaning of Item 303 of Regulation S-K. Forward-Looking Statements .
 The statements discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding Marine s future financial performance and results of operations, and other statements that are not historical facts, are
forward-looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Marine uses the words may, 
 expect, anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, intend, plan, budget, or other similar words to identify forward-looking statements. All forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. You should read statements that contain these words carefully because they discuss future expectations, contain projections of Marine s financial condition, and/or state other
 forward-looking information. Actual results may differ from expected results because of factors, risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, the following: reductions in prices or demand for oil and natural gas, due to, for
example, the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics, which might then lead to decreased production or impair Marine s ability to make distributions; reductions in production due to the depletion of existing
wells or disruptions in service, which may be caused by storm damage to production facilities, blowouts or other production accidents, or geological changes such as cratering of productive formations; changes in regulations; general economic
conditions; actions and policies of petroleum producing nations; other changes in domestic and international energy markets; the resignation of the Trustee; and the expiration, termination or release of leases subject to Marine s interests.
Events may occur in the future that Marine is unable to accurately predict, or over which it has no control. If one or more of these uncertainties as well as other risks of which we are not aware materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by applicable securities laws, Marine does
not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Website. Marine has an Internet website and has made available its Annual
Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports, filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, at www.marps-marine.com. Each of these reports will be posted on this website as soon as reasonably practicable after such report is electronically filed with or furnished to the
SEC. 

ITEM7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 As described elsewhere herein, Marine s only function is to collect overriding royalties from leases operated by others and distribute
those royalties to unitholders after paying the cost of collection and administration. Marine s income is highly dependent on the prices realized from the sale of oil and natural gas and the quantities of production from wells in which it has a
royalty interest. Oil and natural gas prices have historically experienced significant volatility. Marine is not permitted to manage its commodity price risk through the use of fixed price contracts or financial derivatives. 
 Due to the short length of time between receipts and disbursements, cash held by the Trust is held in a
 non-interest bearing trust account, and there is no material interest rate risk. Oil and natural gas royalties received by MPC prior to delivery of the 98 net profits interest to the Trust are held in money
market accounts that invest in U.S. Treasury securities and are considered not subject to interest rate risk. The corpus of MPC is held in either money market accounts or U.S. Treasury or agency securities that are held to maturity. Funds held in
money market accounts and U.S. Treasury securities that mature in less than one year are considered not subject to interest rate risk. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 The financial statements listed in the following index, together with the related notes and the report of Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P.,
independent registered public accounting firm, are presented on the following pages and are incorporated by reference herein. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 410)

20 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Trust Corpus as of June 30,
 2023 and 2022 

22 

Consolidated Statements of Distributable Income for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30,
 2023 and 2022 

23 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Trust Corpus for the Fiscal Years Ended
 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

24 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

25 
 
 See also Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for further information concerning Marine s financial statements. All schedules
have been omitted because they are either not required, not applicable or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Trustee carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Trust s disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, the Trustee concluded that Marine s disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in Marine s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, Marine s internal control over financial reporting. Trustee s Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Trustee is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or Rule 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Trustee conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
Marine s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the
Trustee s evaluation under the Internal Control-Integrated Framework, the Trustee concluded that Marine s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of Marine s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting since the Trustee s report was not subject to attestation by
Marine s registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for smaller reporting companies pursuant to Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not Applicable. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors and Officers. The Trust is a trust created under the laws of the State of Texas. The Trust s Indenture does not provide
for directors or officers or the election or appointment of directors or officers. Under the Indenture, Argent Trust Company, serves as the Trustee. 
 Code of Ethics. Because the Trust has no employees, it does not have a code of ethics. Employees of the Trustee must comply with the
Trustee s code of ethics, a copy of which will be made available to unitholders without charge, upon request by appointment at Argent Trust Company, 3838 Oak Lawn Avenue, Suite 1720, Dallas, Texas 75219. 
 Committees. The Trust has no directors and therefore has no audit committee or audit committee financial expert and no nominating
committee or compensation committee. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The Trust has no directors or officers and is administered by the Trustee. Accordingly, the Trust does not have a compensation committee or
maintain any equity compensation plans, and there are no units reserved for issuance under any such plans. During the past three fiscal years, the Trust paid or accrued fees to the Trustee, as set forth below. 

Name of Individual or Entity 
 
 Fiscal Year 

Other Annual Compensation (1) 

Argent Trust Company, Trustee 

2023 

14,000 

Simmons Bank, Trustee 

2023 

14,000 

Simmons Bank, Trustee 

2022 

28,000 

Simmons Bank, Trustee 

2021 

28,000 

(1) 
 Under the Indenture, the Trustee is entitled to reasonable and customary fees and compensation for its
services. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS
 The following table sets forth the persons known to the Trust who beneficially own more than five percent of the
outstanding units of beneficial interest as of September 15, 2023, based solely on the Trust s review of information filed with the SEC and information provided by such persons: 

Name and Address 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of Class 

Robert H. Paslay 

213,837 units 

10.7 

1007 Gasserway Circle 

Brentwood, TN 37027 

Patricia Martin 

174,529 units 

8.7 

110 Woodbine Place 

Missoula, MT 59803 

There are no executive officers or directors of the Trust. The Trustee does not beneficially own any units of
beneficial interest. The Trust does not maintain any equity compensation plans and the Trust has not repurchased any units during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. The Trustee knows of no arrangements the operation of which may at a subsequent date
result in a change of control of the Trust. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 None. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Fees for services performed by Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: 

2023 
 
 2022 

Audit Fees 
 
 57,680 
 
 50,630 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

As referenced in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance above, the Trust has no audit committee, and as a result, has no audit committee pre-approval policy with respect to fees paid to its independent registered public accounting firm. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Financial Statements see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data above. 
 (b) Exhibits: 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, as amended on September 23, 2022, of Marine Petroleum Trust, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Marine filed September 28, 2022 (File No. 000-08565), and incorporated by reference herein. 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marine for the fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2021 (File No. 000-08565), and incorporated by reference herein. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Marine, filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marine for the fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2002 (File No. 000-08565), and incorporated by reference herein. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Corporate Trustee pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Corporate Trustee pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules All required schedules are included in the financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED 
 PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Trustee and
Unitholders of Marine Petroleum Trust and Subsidiary 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have
audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets, liabilities, and trust corpus of Marine Petroleum Trust and Subsidiary (the Trust) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of distributable income and
changes in trust corpus for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the assets, liabilities, and trust corpus of the Trust as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the distributable income and changes in trust corpus for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in
conformity with the modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, these consolidated financial statements were prepared on a modified cash basis of accounting,
which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Trustee. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or
fraud. The Trust is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the Trustee, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the Trustee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

/s/ WEAVER AND TIDWELL, L.L.P 

We have served as the Trust s auditor since 2011. 

Dallas, Texas 
 
 September 26, 2023 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

MARINE PETROLEUM TRUST AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TRUST CORPUS 
 As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 

June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2022 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

978,176 

1,154,136 

Federal income taxes refundable 

Producing oil and gas properties 

7 

7 

Total assets 

978,183 

1,154,143 

Liabilities and Trust Corpus 

Current liabilities: 

Federal income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Trust Corpus authorized 2,000,000 units of beneficial interest, issued 2,000,000 units at
nominal value 

978,183 

1,154,143 

978,183 

1,154,143 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

MARINE PETROLEUM TRUST AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME 
 For The Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Income: 

Oil and natural gas royalties 

1,609,882 

1,348,254 

Oil and natural gas royalties from affiliate 

93,134 

Interest and other income 

39,061 

552 

Total income 

1,648,943 

1,441,940 

Expenses: 

General and administrative 

273,526 

237,747 

Distributable income before Federal income taxes 

1,375,417 

1,204,193 

Federal income taxes of subsidiary 

Distributable income 

1,375,417 

1,204,193 

Distributable income per unit 

0.69 

0.60 

Units outstanding 

2,000,000 

2,000,000 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

MARINE PETROLEUM TRUST AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN TRUST CORPUS 
 For The Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Trust corpus, beginning of year 

1,154,143 

902,030 

Distributable income 

1,375,417 

1,204,193 

Distributions to unitholders 

(1,551,337) 

(952,080) 

Trust corpus, end of year 

978,183 

1,154,143 

Distributions per unit 

0.78 

0.48 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

MARINE PETROLEUM TRUST AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(1) 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 (a) General Marine
Petroleum Trust (the Trust was established on June 1, 1956 with the transfer of property to the Trust consisting of certain contract rights, units of beneficial interest and common stock in exchange for units of beneficial interest
in the Trust. The contract rights entitled the Trust to receive an overriding royalty interest in oil, natural gas and other mineral leasehold interests acquired by Gulf Oil Corporation, now Chevron U.S.A., Inc. Chevron ), a subsidiary
of Chevron Corporation, in certain areas of the Gulf of Mexico prior to January 1, 1980. The Trust must distribute to its
unitholders all cash accumulated each quarter, less an amount reserved for accrued liabilities and estimated future expenses. The Trust and its subsidiary cannot engage in a trade or business. Funds held by Marine Petroleum Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Trust, MPC, and collectively with the Trust, Marine pending distribution to the Trust are invested in U.S. Treasury and agency bonds. 
 The unitholders assigned their contract rights offshore of Louisiana to MPC reserving a 98 net profits interest to themselves. The net
profits interest contract was transferred to the Trust along with the other properties. The Trust is authorized to pay expenses of MPC should it be necessary. 
 The Trust is to continue until June 1, 2041, or until such later date as holders of the units owning a majority of the outstanding units
may designate, but in any event, not more than 20 years from such designation. However, the unitholders owning eighty percent (80 or more of the outstanding units may terminate the Trust on any date. 
 (b) Principles of Consolidation 
 The consolidated financial statements include the Trust and its wholly owned subsidiary, MPC. All material intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. (c) Producing Oil and Gas Properties 
 At the time the Trust was established, no determinable market value was available for the assets transferred to the Trust; consequently,
nominal values were assigned. Accordingly, no allowance for depletion has been included. All income from oil and natural gas royalties relate to proved developed oil and natural gas reserves. 
 (d) U.S. Federal Income Taxes 
 No provision has been made for U.S. Federal income taxes on the Trust s income since such taxes are the liability of the unitholders. 
 U.S. Federal income taxes have been provided on the income of MPC (which specifically excludes the 98 net profits interest to be retained by
and delivered to the Trust), after deducting statutory depletion. MPC uses the cash method of reporting for U.S. Federal income taxes. 
 The primary difference between the actual tax expense of MPC and the expected tax expense is due to the fact that only 2 of MPC s income i.e. , excluding the 98 net profits interest retained by, and delivered to, the Trust) is subject to U.S. Federal income tax. Tax
positions taken by the Trust related to the Trust s pass-through status and federal state tax positions have been reviewed, and the Trustee is of the opinion that material positions taken would more likely than not be sustained upon an
examination. In accordance with the Trust s basis of accounting discussed in Note 2, the Trust would only recognize the impact of tax positions that were not upheld at the time of payment. As of June 30, 2023, the Trust s tax years
2018 through 2022 remain subject to examination. These issues shall be resolved by the end of the calendar 2023. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

MPC recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax
expense. (e) Credit Risk Concentration and Cash Equivalents 
 Financial instruments which potentially subject Marine to concentrations of credit risk are primarily investments in cash equivalents, U.S.
Treasury and agency bonds. The Trust and MPC place their cash investments with financial institutions or companies that the Trustee considers credit worthy and limit the amount of credit exposure from any one financial institution. 
 Marine had cash and cash equivalents of 978,176 and 1,154,136 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which consisted of cash
deposits, U.S. Treasury and agency bonds and money market accounts. (f) Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with the modified cash basis method of accounting requires the Trustee to make various
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from such estimates. 
 (g) Distributable Income per Unit and Distributions 
 Distributable income per unit is determined by dividing distributable income by the number of units of beneficial interest outstanding during
the period. Distributions to unitholders are calculated and paid out net of reserve for future expenses, which are estimated by the Trustee on a quarterly basis. 
 (h) Significant Royalty Sources 
 Percent of royalty revenue received by Marine from producers is summarized as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

Company 
 
 2023 

2022 

2021 

Arena Energy, LP 

99 

99 

99 

Chevron USA, Inc. 

1 

0 

1 

Walter Oil Gas Corporation 

0 

1 

0 

100 

100 

100 

(2) 
 Basis of Accounting 
 The financial statements of Marine have been prepared on the modified cash basis method and are not intended to present financial position and
results of operations in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Under the modified cash basis method: 

Royalty income is recognized when received by Marine. 

Marine s expenses (which include accounting, legal, and other professional fees, Trustees fees and out-of-pocket expenses) are recorded on an actual paid basis. Reserves for liabilities that are contingent or uncertain in amount may also be established if considered
necessary. 

Distributions to unitholders are recognized when declared by the Trustee of the Trust. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

The financial statements of Marine differ from financial statements prepared in conformity
with GAAP because of the following: 

Royalty income is recognized in the month received rather than in the month of production. 

Reserves may be established for contingencies that would not be recorded under GAAP. 

Expenses are recorded in the month paid rather than in the month incurred. 

Depletion is not recorded. 
 This comprehensive basis of accounting corresponds to the accounting principles permitted for royalty trusts by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the SEC ), as specified by Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 12:E, Financial Statements of Royalty Trusts. 
 Revenue Recognition . In May 2014, the FASB issued updated guidance for recognizing revenue from contracts with customers. This update
amends the existing accounting standards for revenue recognition and is based on the principle that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of goods and services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration a company
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services and revenue streams related solely to oil and gas royalties. The Trust has adopted the disclosure standards of this update, as required, beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2019.
The adoption of this standard has not had a significant impact on its financial statements due to the modified cash basis of reporting used by the Trust. 

(3) 
 Investment in Affiliate Tidelands Royalty Trust B 
 At March 31, 2022, the Trust owned 32.6 of the outstanding units of beneficial interest in Tidelands Royalty Trust B Tidelands ), which entity was wound up prior to June 30, 2022. Due to Tidelands being wound up prior to June 30, 2022, there was no market underlying the 452,366 units owned by the Trust at the time Tidelands was wound up. A
reserve of 154,196 has been established for future reporting and compliance issues that may arise in years to come and will be used for such transactions. 
 The following summary financial statements have been derived from the unaudited consolidated financial statements of Tidelands: 
 TIDELANDS CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TRUST CORPUS 

June 30, 2023 

June 30, 2022 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

133,180 

154,196 

Oil, natural gas and other mineral properties 

Total assets 

133,180 

154,196 

Liabilities and Trust Corpus 

Current liabilities: 

Income distributable to unitholders 

Other payable 

133,180 

154,196 

Federal income taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

133,180 

154,196 

Trust corpus 1,386,525 units of beneficial interest authorized, 1,386,375 issued at nominal
value 

133,180 

154,196 

27 

Table of Contents 

TIDELANDS CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME 

Twelve Months Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Income 

Expenses 

27,826 

27,042 

Distributable income before Federal income taxes 

(27,826) 

(27,042) 
 
 Federal income taxes of Tidelands 
 subsidiary 

Distributable income 

(27,826) 

(27,042) 

Tidelands was a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. On March 8, 2019, Tidelands
terminated the registration of its units under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act, and suspended its reporting obligations under Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. As of that date, Tidelands obligations to file certain reports with
the SEC, including annual, quarterly and current reports on Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K, respectively, were automatically
and immediately suspended. The last regular distribution Marine received from Tidelands was in the fourth quarter of 2018. The term of Tidelands expired in 2021. Tidelands has been wound up and declared January 31, 2022 as the record date for the
final distribution which was paid in February 2022. 

(4) 
 Summary of Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following quarterly financial information for fiscal years 2023 and 2022 is unaudited; however, in the opinion of management, all
adjustments necessary for a fair statement of the results of operations for the interim periods have been included. 

Income 

Expenses 

Distributable Income 

Distributable Income Per Unit 

Quarter ended: 

September 30, 2021 

229,295 

26,083 

203,212 

0.10 

December 31, 2021 

264,707 

83,263 

181,444 

0.09 

March 31, 2022 

464,333 

78,196 

386,137 

0.19 

June 30, 2022 

483,605 

50,205 

433,400 

0.22 

1,441,940 

237,747 

1,204,193 

0.60 

Quarter ended: 

September 30, 2022 

600,450 

78,081 

522,369 

0.26 

December 31, 2022 

435,129 

56,160 

378,969 

0.19 

March 31, 2023 

300,607 

84,804 

215,803 

0.11 

June 30, 2023 

312,757 

54,481 

258,276 

0.12 

1,648,943 

273,526 

1,375,417 

0.69 

28 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 Supplemental Information Relating to Oil and Gas Reserves (Unaudited) 
 Oil and natural gas reserve information relating to Marine s royalty interests is not presented because such information is not available
to Marine or Tidelands. Marine s share of oil and natural gas sold for its royalty interests and Marine s equity in oil and natural gas sold for Tidelands royalty interests were as follows: 

Twelve Months Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Marine: 

Oil (bbls) 

16,817 

16,096 

9,085 

Gas (mcf) 

12,712 

15,221 

8,539 

Tidelands: 

Oil (bbls) 

0 

0 

0 

Gas (mcf) 

0 

0 

0 

(6) 
 Texas Franchise Tax 
 Texas imposes a franchise tax that applies to most business entities that are formed or qualified to do business, or which are otherwise doing
business, in Texas. Under the Texas franchise tax, a 0.75 tax is imposed for reports due in 2023 on each taxable entity s taxable margin that is apportioned to Texas. Taxable margin is generally defined as revenues less certain costs. Taxable
entities include most entities that provide owners with limited liability protection, including trusts. There are certain exemptions from the franchise tax, including exclusions for certain passive entities that satisfy specified
statutory requirements as described below and entities with total revenues below a specified threshold. Under the Texas franchise tax,
 passive entities include trusts that meet the following requirements: (a) the trust cannot be a business trust within the meaning of U.S. Treasury Regulation section 301.7701-4(b); (b) at
least 90 of the trust s income for the taxable year must be derived from passive sources (e.g., royalties, bonuses, delay rental income from mineral properties, dividends, interest, and net gains from the sale of securities); and (c) no
more than 10 of the trust s income for the taxable year can be derived from an active trade or business (e.g., rent and certain income received by a non-operator under a joint operating agreement
pursuant to which the operator is the member of an affiliated group that includes such non-operator). An entity will determine on an annual basis whether it meets the requirements to be treated as a
 passive entity for the Texas franchise tax. The Trustee believes that all or substantially all of the income of the Trust currently is passive, as it consists of royalty income from the sale of oil and natural gas, dividends and interest
income. Thus, the Trust anticipates that it will be a passive entity in the tax year ending in 2023. Subject to any change in the sources of income derived by the Trust or any change in the Indenture, the Trust expects that it will continue to
qualify as a passive entity that is not subject to the Texas franchise tax. If the Trust is exempt from the Texas franchise tax as a
passive entity, each unitholder that is subject to the Texas franchise tax as a taxable entity under the Texas Tax Code should generally include its share of the Trust s revenue in its franchise tax computation. The Texas franchise tax does not
apply to natural persons. In the event the Trust does not qualify as a passive entity, it would not be required to pay any tax and is not
considered to owe any Texas franchise tax for any period in which its annualized total revenue is less than or equal to a certain threshold. For reports due on or after January 1, 2023 and before January 1, 2024, this no tax due threshold
is 1,230,000. Each unitholder is urged to consult its own tax advisor regarding the requirements for filing state tax returns. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MARINE PETROLEUM TRUST 

(Registrant) 

Argent Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of Marine Petroleum Trust and not in its individual capacity or otherwise 

Date: September 26, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ron E. Hooper 

Ron E. Hooper 

Senior Vice President 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Argent Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of Marine Petroleum Trust and not in its individual capacity or otherwise 

Dated: September 26, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Ron E. Hooper 

Ron E. Hooper 

Senior Vice President 
 (The registrant has no directors or executive officers.) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 d516398dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, Ron E. Hooper, certify
that 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Marine Petroleum
Trust for which Argent Trust Company acts as Trustee; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, distributable income and changes in trust corpus of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), or for causing such controls and procedures to be established and maintained, for the registrant and I have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being
prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 26, 2023 

/s/ Ron E. Hooper 

Ron E. Hooper 

Senior Vice President on behalf of Argent Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as the Trustee of Marine Petroleum Trust 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 d516398dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18,
United States Code), the Trustee of Marine Petroleum Trust (the Trust does hereby certify, to its knowledge, that: The Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Trust fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d),
as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of
the Trust as of, and for, the periods presented in the Form 10-K. 

/s/ Ron E. Hooper 
 
 Ron E. Hooper 
 
 Senior Vice President on behalf of Argent Trust Company, not in its individual capacity but solely as the Trustee of Marine Petroleum Trust 

Dated: September 26, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Trust and will be retained
by the Trust and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. The foregoing certification is being furnished as an
exhibit to the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of
Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) and, accordingly, is not being filed as part of the Form 10-K for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Trust, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

