<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230915_10-K_edgar_data_1281845_0001493152-23-032701.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11606021</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>290047</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1601029</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4520172</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2126119</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2740400</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-032701.hdr.sgml : 20230915
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230915060256
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-032701
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230915
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230915

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Unique Logistics International, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001281845
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ARRANGEMENT OF TRANSPORTATION OF FREIGHT & CARGO [4731]
		IRS NUMBER:				010721929
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50612
		FILM NUMBER:		231256622

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		154-09 146TH AVE
		CITY:			JAMAICA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11434
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(718) 978-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		154-09 146TH AVE
		CITY:			JAMAICA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11434

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIQUE LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UNIQUE LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INNOCAP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-032701.txt : 20230915

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
 Name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Tel:

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended November 30, 2022 was . 

As
of September 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A 
 RISK FACTORS 
 13 
 
 ITEM
 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 2 
 PROPERTIES 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 29 

PART II 
 29 

ITEM
 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 31 
 
 ITEM
 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 37 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 38 
 
 ITEM
 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 39 
 
 ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 39 

PART III 
 39 

ITEM
 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 43 
 
 ITEM
 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 44 
 
 ITEM
 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 46 
 
 ITEM
 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 4 6 

PART IV 
 47 

ITEM
 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 47 
 
 ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 50 

2 

ADDITIONAL
INFORMATION 

Descriptions
of agreements or other documents contained in this report are intended as summaries and are not necessarily complete. Please refer to
the agreements or other documents filed or incorporated herein by reference as exhibits. Please see the exhibit index at the end of this
report for a complete list of those exhibits. 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
document contains certain forward-looking statements . All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking
statements for purposes of federal and state securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue
or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies, goals and objectives of management for future operations; any statements
concerning proposed new products and services or developments thereof; any statements regarding future economic conditions or performance;
any statements or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. 

Forward
looking statements may include the words may, could, estimate, intend, continue, 
 believe, expect or anticipate or other similar words, or the negative thereof. These forward-looking
statements present our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Accordingly, readers are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made. We do not undertake to update
forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the dates they are made. You should, however,
consult further disclosures and risk factors we include in Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports
filed on Form 8-K. 

In
our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and Form 8-K filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), references
to: (a) Common Stock refers to our Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share; and (b) Unique Logistics International,
Inc. , Unique , UNQL the Company , we, us, our 
and similar terms refer to Unique Logistics International, Inc. and its wholly owned operating subsidiaries. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Business
Overview 

Unique
Logistics provides a full range of global logistics services by providing to its customers a robust international network that strategically
supports the movement of its customers goods. Acting solely as a third-party logistics provider, Unique Logistics purchases available
cargo space in volume from its network of carriers (such as airlines, ocean shipping, and trucking lines) and resells that space to our
customers. Unique Logistics does not own any of these ships, trucks, or aircraft and does not plan on entering the ownership model. 

Operating
via its consolidated subsidiaries, Unique Logistics provides a range of international logistics
services that enable its customers to outsource to the Company sections of their supply chain process. Our network of trained
employees and integrated information systems seamlessly manage the services that we provide to our customers. We enable our
customers to share data regarding their international vendors and purchase orders with us, execute the flow of goods and information
under their operating instructions, provide visibility to the flow of goods from factory to distribution center or store and when
required, update their inventory records. 

Unique
Logistics primary services include: 

Air freight services; 

Ocean freight services; 

Customs brokerage and compliance services; 

Warehousing and distribution services; and 

Order management. 

Air
Freight Services 

Operating
as an indirect air carrier or an airfreight consolidator, Unique Logistics provides both time savings and cost-effective air freight
options to its customers. An expansive global network enables the Company to offer door to door service allowing customers to benefit
from our expert staff for guidance with the physical movement of cargo and documentation compliance. Unique Logistics purchases cargo
space from airlines on a volume basis and resells that space to our customers at a lower price than they would be able to negotiate themselves
for their individual shipments. Through its integrated management system, the Company determines the best routing for shipments and then
makes arrangements to receive the cargo into a designated warehouse. Upon receipt, we inspect and weigh the cargo, collect documentation,
and process export clearance. Once cargo is cleared it is prepared for departure. Unique Logistics offers real-time tracking visibility
for customers to view when an order is booked, departs, and arrives. Unique Logistics contracts with a worldwide network of airlines
and other service providers to provide the best airfreight service in assisting importers to ship using the most efficient and cost-effective
method. Some of the selections we offer include: 

4 

International,
 domestic, deferred, express and charter services, which permit customers to choose from a menu of different priority options that
 secure, at different price levels, greater assurance of timely delivery; 

Port
 to port and door to door shipments, which provide customers the option of managing, independently, the post-arrival services such
 as delivery or clearance if the Company is not providing such services; 

Global
 blocked space agreements, which guarantee the availability of space on certain flights; 

Air
 and ocean combination shipment, which offer cost effective transportation using multimodal, combination movements, by one mode to
 an international hub, such as Dubai, UAE or Singapore, and converting to a different mode at the hub; 

Air
 and transload dedicated truck shipment, where arriving cargo is transferred from airline container or pallet into a truckload ready
 for delivery; 

Dangerous
 goods handling requiring qualified handling; and 

Refrigerated
 cargo. 

Our
air freight customer base is comprised of importers in various industries including fashion retail, technology and general department
stores merchandise importers. The majority of shipments originate in Asian manufacturing countries. Air freight is seasonal for fashion
retailers, with the period July through December being much stronger than the remainder of the year. For technology companies, the seasonal
impact is less pronounced. 

The
Company works with its international network to ensure air freight shipping capacity is secured and planned in advance to meet our customers 
requirements. We then make this capacity available to our customers at competitive prices and with the added security of availability,
particularly during peak air freight shipping periods. We supplement scheduled capacity with full charter capacity to ensure that we
meet customer capacity requirements throughout the year. While capacity management is critical to securing and maintaining air freight
customers, the Company will try to quickly move to the position of offering additional primary services to our air freight customers. 

The
Company s integrated management system is built around a cloud-based software package known as Cargo Wise. The software is accessible
to our offices or overseas third party associates when planning and recording the receipt of cargo and booking shipments. The Cargo Wise
system assists in the creation of documentation required to plan each shipment, including management information systems that enable
our operational management teams to generate reports or provide access to information to our customers so that they have daily visibility
to their purchased orders. This enables shipments to be approved, planned, and routed within the available air freight capacity procured
by the Company. The Cargo Wise software is part of the integrated management system that also incorporates (in some cases with interface)
airline resources, congestion/market condition information, pricing databases, customer preferences in key account management databases
and the trained personnel and experienced managers that make decisions as required based on the information. 

Ocean
Freight Services 

Operating
as an ocean transportation intermediary to provide ocean freight service both as a non-vessel owning common carrier NVOCC and ocean freight forwarder, Unique Logistics provides to its customers ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding, and order
management. We are a common carrier that holds itself out to the public to provide ocean transportation, issues its own house bills of
lading or equivalent document, but does not operate the vessels by which ocean transportation is provided. The Company s roles
and responsibilities in ocean freight services include the following: 

Selecting
 the most optimal ocean carriers based on both cost and service. The Company has NVOCC contracts with multiple ocean carriers and
 is thus able to offer its customers a choice in service; 

Entering
 into contract/rate agreement with clients to transport their ocean shipments. Under such contracts the customer is assured of the
 Company s pricing and weekly capacity to carry the customer s cargo; 

5 

Consolidating
 shipments at origin/deconsolidating of freight at destination. This enables the customer to receive the economics of a consolidated
 container rate rather than a higher rate for less than full container load. It also makes delivery at destination more efficient; 

Arranging
 pick-up of shipment at origin and deliver at destination, with a factory to door service; 

Preparing
 and processing the documentation/clearance (customs/security) for shipments during ocean transit, in advance of arrival of shipment
 at destination; 

Providing
 ocean freight services in both major and minor trade lanes with representation in all trading nations in Americas, Asia, and Europe; 

Offering
 a wide array of services typically performed by multiple services providers including, but not limited to, offering options to customers
 on ocean carrier service choices prior to final selection and securing such space based on customer requirement; this enables our
 customers to delegate more of their logistics management to us whereas a more limited range of service would require the customer
 to deal with multiple service providers; 

Communicating
 on any regulation/compliance issues on exporting and importing shipments; 

Playing
 an intermediary role at any point of ocean transportation based on a customer s routing preferences; and 

Providing
 space acquisition on carrier service for committed delivery during high demand periods and providing a lower-price option in weak
 demand season for the greatest possible cost saving. 

Some
of the major industry sectors we serve in connection with our ocean freight services are home products and appliances, furniture, automotive,
giftware and fashion. Our customers include retailers as well as wholesale importers. Our volumes enable us to enter into significant
contracts with shipping lines to lock in capacity at prices that enable us to secure and retain customers. 

Customs
Brokerage and Compliance Services 

Unique
Logistics is a licensed United States customs broker whose mission is to ensure that its importing clients are in compliance with all
required regulations. Our services help importers clear cargo with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including documentation collection,
valuation review, product classification, electronic submission to customs and the collection and payment of duties, tariffs, and fees.
Unique Logistics works with importers to develop a compliant trade program including product databases, compliance manuals and periodic
internal audits. The development of product databases has become critical in the current economic environment due to increasing trade
tensions and various tariffs imposed as a result. Unique Logistics also offers importers tools to improve efficiency such as reporting,
visibility and trade consulting, including training seminars. Our additional services include: 

Preparation
 of the Import Security Filing (10+2) required to be on file 24 hours prior to shipment departure; 

Clearance
 and compliance with other government agencies such as the Food and Drug Administration, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Consumer
 Product Safety Commission and U.S. Fish Wildlife Service; 

Focused
 assessment and internal audit to determine and eliminate weak areas of compliance; 

Post-entry
 service to change past entries and take advantage of tariff exclusions granted after the original entry was processed; 

Binding
 rulings to obtain pre-entry classification; 

Classification
 and valuation; 

Trade
 agreements; 

Warehouse
 entries to defer duty; 

Licensing
 and country of origin marking requirements; 

Free
 Trade Zone; 

Duty
 drawback to get duty back on items exported under certain requirements; and 

Cargo
 insurance coverage. 

6 

Warehousing
and Distribution Services 

Unique
Logistics operates a warehousing facility in Santa Fe Springs, California, and plans to expand such services through its own managed
facilities. We lease this facility,
which is 110,000 sq. ft. with storage capacity for approximately 9,000 pallets and 10 dedicated employees. Unique Logistics also provides warehousing and distribution services through third party facilities. 

Warehousing
and distribution services enable Unique Logistics to greatly expand its involvement in our customers supply chain, post arrival
of international shipments into the United States. By providing inventory management, order fulfillment, and other services, our customers
benefit from cost savings related to space, equipment, and labor due to efficiencies of scale. Our warehousing and distribution services
include: 

Transloading
 of cargo from incoming containers to trucks for delivery; 

Pick
 and pack services; 

Quality
 control services under customer instructions; 

Kitting; 

Storage; 

Inventory
 management; and 

Delivery
 services, including e-commerce fulfillment services. 

Warehousing
and distribution is a higher-margin business than air freight or ocean freight. In the case of freight service, we are primarily re-selling
capacity while in warehousing and distribution we are offering services based on fixed space cost, fixed staffing and equipment cost
and relatively smaller variable labor and equipment cost. The customer base includes freight customers with warehousing and distribution
needs as well as customers who are exclusively warehousing and distribution service users. Such customers are in a variety of industries,
including footwear, apparel, giftware, and home appliances. We bill customers under three broad categories storage, transloading
(with quick turnaround and no storage) and other warehouse services listed above. The location of our existing warehouse, within 15 miles
of the Port of Los Angeles/Long Beach and 20 miles from Los Angeles Airport, is an important factor for our customers. Racking as well
as bulk storage space availability enables us to handle a variety of customer requirements. In recent years, severe congestion at the
terminals serving the Port of Los Angeles/Long Beach has increased the demand for transloading as well as short-term storage services
at warehouses such as ours that are within a 50-mile radius of the port. 

This
warehouse facility is the only such facility that we currently operate. We believe, however, that warehousing, and distribution is an
important opportunity for our business expansion. 

Order
Management 

Unique
Logistics offers order management services providing importers with total visibility on every order from the time placed with the supplier
to door delivery. Importers send orders electronically immediately upon creation, giving the Company the ability to assist in firmly
holding suppliers to shipping windows. This results in optimizing consolidation and improved on-time delivery. Order management also
gives importers the power to control their supply chain by monitoring key milestone events, tracking order status, and managing delivery
to their end-consumer. 

7 

Our
order management services include the following features: 

Importer
 and vendor Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) integration; 

Key
 milestone notifications customized per importers requirements; 

Vendor,
 booking and document management; 

Customized
 reporting including exception reporting for maximum efficiency; 

Consolidation
 management; and 

Tracking
 visibility in real time. 

Other
benefits include: 

Single
 data platform. 

Avoids
 a manual booking process. 

Eliminates
 unnecessary data entry. 

Document
 visibility and historical recordkeeping. 

Vendor
 key performance indicators (KPI) management. 

Live
 milestone updates. 

Industry
Overview and Competition 

The
global logistics industry is highly competitive, and we expect it to remain so for the foreseeable future. Although there are a large
number of companies that compete or provide services in one or more segments of the logistics industry, Unique Logistics is part of a
much smaller group of companies that provides a full suite of services. In each area of service, we face competition from companies operating
within that service segment as well as companies that provide a wider range of global services. 

The
industry includes (i) specialized NVOCCs, an ocean carrier that transports goods under its own house bill of lading, or equivalent documentation,
without operating ocean transportation vessels and (ii) indirect air carriers, which are persons or entities within the United States,
not in possession of a Federal Aviation Administration FAA air carrier operating certificate, that undertake to
engage indirectly in air transportation of property and uses for all or any part of such transportation the services of an air carrier,
freight forwarders, trucking companies, customs brokers and warehouse operators who operate within their specialized space and very often
pose pricing advantages within that segment. 

Our
mission is to bring value to our customers through specific competitive advantages: 

Trained,
 experienced staff with knowledge of those areas of the world where customers are likely to require problem solving abilities. 

Trained,
 experienced staff with knowledge of the various supply chain segments: air, ocean, customs, warehousing and information technology
 integration. 

Responsive
 customer service and the ability to meet our customers needs with people at the front of well-established processes. 

Our
customer base includes companies in a wide range of industries. Some of the major industry sectors we serve are home products and appliances,
furniture, fashion retail, automotive and technology. We aim to provide a wide range of services to each customer and cross sell all
of our primary services. 

Ocean
freight services and air freight services are the most significant revenue drivers for the Company. To distinguish our service offerings
from our competitors, our primary focus is on capacity management for these services. Our volumes enable us to enter significant contracts
with shipping lines to lock in capacity at prices that enable us to secure and retain customers. Similarly, our air freight capacity
strategy includes rate/space agreements with scheduled airlines as well as a full air cargo charter program under which we are able to
lock in capacity for our customers at contracted rates. 

8 

While
capacity management is critical to establishing relations with new customers and securing existing ones, it is essential for the Company
to expand its range of services to each customer. Our customer support teams will work with each customer to identify the areas, such
as customs brokerage, warehousing and distribution and order management, where our service offerings may create additional value-added
opportunities within the customer s supply chain. 

Seasonality 

Historically,
our own operating results, as well as the industry as a whole, have been subject to seasonal demand. With our financial year end of May
31, typically our first and second quarters are the strongest with the fourth quarter being the weakest. There are no guarantees, however,
that these trends will continue. These seasonal trends are influenced by a number of factors, including weather patterns, national holidays,
economic conditions, consumer demand, major product launches, as well as a number of other market forces. As many of these forces are
unforeseen, there is no way for us to provide assurances that these seasonal trends will continue. 

Growth
Strategy 

Unique
Logistics has established plans to grow its business by focusing on the following key areas: (i) organic growth and expansion in existing
markets; (ii) strategic acquisitions; (iii) warehousing and distribution; (iv) growth of business on the Trans-Atlantic and Latin American
trade lanes; and (v) specialized services to United States companies on their overseas logistics needs in conjunction with the export
and distribution of products in certain Asian markets such as India, Vietnam and China. 

Organic
Growth and Expansion in Existing Markets 

We
plan to focus on developing business domestically to drive organic growth. Since our initial formation and combination, we have significantly
improved our operating efficiencies in the areas of procurement, customer service, finance, and administration. We have achieved this
by consolidating our volumes, centralizing many of the functions previously handled separately by individual operating subsidiaries,
and rationalizing our organizational structure, including hiring and empowering experienced executives in critical positions including
the hiring of a full time Chief Operating Officer. We believe that this has resulted in much lower overhead and the ability to build
a uniform marketing strategy to build market share and further Unique Logistics brand recognition throughout the United States.
Additionally, the Company will continuously assess its information technology environment based on emerging trends in logistics and customer
requirements. The first step in this strategy is already in place: a single operating platform. We will continue to build add-on service
tools that enhance our operating platform. One key area for technology focus will be the seamless delivery of e-commerce services from
origin to consumer, with shipment visibility for both the customer and the customer s consumer. 

We
believe that we can expand Unique Logistics business base, which includes three out of the 50 largest importers in the United
States, by building our sales organization and the support organization to successfully deliver our brand of service. 

Strategic
Acquisitions 

On
February 21, 2023, the Company acquired all of the share capital (the Purchased Shares owned by Unique
Logistics Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong corporation ULHK in eight
subsidiaries (the ULHK Entities for 26.5 million pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement between the
Company and ULHK, dated as of April 28, 2022, and amendments thereto dated as of December 17, 2022 and February 21, 2023 and
separate Share Sale and Purchase Agreements dated September 13, 2022, as amended pursuant to amendments thereto dated as of February
21, 2023, with each of ULHK Entities, provided that the acquisition of the Purchased Shares in each of Unique Logistics
International Co., Ltd Unique-Taiwan and Unique Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. Unique-Vietnam is subject to receipt of all required governmental approvals in Taiwan and Vietnam,
respectively, and the Company s acquisition of the Purchased Shares in those entities will therefore not officially close
until after such approvals are obtained. (the ULHK Entities Acquisition ). We obtained the required Taiwan approvals on June 1, 2023, and expect to close on our acquisition of the Purchased
Shares in Unique-Taiwan during the fourth quarter of calendar
2023. The Company has not yet received the required approvals
in Vietnam. 

9 

At
the closing of the ULHK Entities Acquisition, the Company paid 3.5 million in cash and issued promissory notes to ULHK totaling
 23.0 million to purchase the Purchased Shares. The Company paid off one such promissory note in the amount of 4.5 million, which
matured on March 7, 2023, using cash held by the ULHK Entities, another such promissory note in the amount of 5.0 million, which
matured on April 7, 2023, using the Company s existing cash and borrowings under the delayed draw term loan under
the Financing Agreement (as defined below), and one promissory note in the amount of 5.0 million that matured on June 30,
2023, using borrowings under the delayed draw term loan under the Financing Agreement. One promissory note in the amount of 2.5
million that originally matured on June 30, 2023, was subsequently amended to extend the maturity date to October 31, 2023, one
promissory note in the amount of 2.0 million matures on February 21, 2024, and one promissory note in the amount of 1.0
million matures on February 21, 2025. 

In
addition, the promissory notes related to the purchase price for the Purchased Shares in Unique-Taiwan and Unique-Vietnam, in the
amount of 2.0 million and 1.0 million, respectively, originally matured on June 30, 2023, but were not payable
until the later of July 15, 2023, or 15 days after receipt of all required or necessary government and other regulatory
approvals necessary to consummate our purchase of such Purchased Shares; these promissory notes provided for no interest. We
received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Taiwan on June 1, 2023 and the Company and ULHK entered into an amended and
restated promissory note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Taiwan on August 31, 2023, to extend its maturity date to
July 31, 2024 and to provide for interest to be accrued at an annual rate of 15 . Similarly, as of September 8, 2023, the Company
and ULHK entered into an amendment to the promissory note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Vietnam that extends the
maturity date of that note to 12 months after receipt of the Vietnam approvals, although as we have not received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Vietnam this note has
not yet become payable, and provides for interest to be accrued at an annual rate of 15 . 

The
promissory notes due in 2024 (other than that related to Unique-Taiwan)
and 2025 bear no interest, while the other promissory notes have an annual interest rate of 15 . 

In
addition to the acquisition of the ULHK Entities, the Company acquired two companies that are owned by two of the ULHK Entities in the
ULHK Entities Acquisition. 

The
Stock Purchase Agreement also provided that the Company would be obligated to pay ULHK an earn-out payment of either 2.5 million or
 2.0 million if the ULHK Entities achieve certain EBITDA-related milestones set forth therein during the 12 month-period ending June
30, 2023. Such milestone amounts were not achieved and, as a result, the Company will not be required to make the earn-out payment. 

In
accordance with Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement. 1.0 million of the cash portion of the purchase price was used to establish
a reserve against certain potential existing and contingent liabilities relating to certain of the ULHK Entities that had not been disclosed
to the Company as of the date of the original Stock Purchase Agreement. To the extent that any claims related to such undisclosed liabilities
are asserted on or before February 20, 2024, any amounts that the relevant ULHK Entities pay upon settlement or are found liable for
by a competent court, tribunal or governmental authority will be paid to Unique Logistics up to the 1.0 million amount of the reserve.
If no such claims are made then the entire 1.0 million reserve, or the amount left, if any, after deducting such settlement or liability
amounts, will be released to ULHK. The Company and ULHK are still in the process of evaluating the impact of potential tax issues in
Unique-Vietnam and any potential liabilities resulting therefrom that the Company would be responsible for and that would be reimbursable
pursuant to the reserve. The Company and ULHK have also discussed reducing the amount of the 2.0 million promissory note due and payable
on February 21, 2024, by the amount of any such liabilities in lieu of having the Company reimbursed from the monies held in reserve. 

As
a result of consummation of the ULHK Entities Acquisition, the Company became a party to certain agreements with the remaining stockholders
of each of three of the eight ULHK Entities, one located in the United Kingdom and two located in China. Each of the stockholder agreements
contains restrictive negative covenants favoring the protection of the minority stockholders party thereto. The stockholder agreements
require unanimous written consent of all stockholders in the applicable ULHK Entity in order for the ULHK Entity to, among other things:
(i) adopt a business plan or materially change its business; (ii) change its name or amend its organizational/governing documents; (iii)
issue or create any new shares, alter the rights associated with any class of equity, consolidate, sub-divide or convert any of its equity
or capital, or issue securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of the ULHK Entity; (iv) enter into a merger, amalgamation,
or similar transaction, acquire ownership interests in any equity or capital of any other company or undertaking, or enter into any partnership
or enter into any profit-sharing agreement other than in ordinary course of business; and (v) wind up, dissolve, or otherwise terminate
its existence. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the ULHK Entities Acquisition, the Company purchased the remaining 458,370 shares of the ULHK Entity located in India
that were owned by Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. FTS ), which resulted in the Company owning all of the share
capital of this ULHK Entity, pursuant to a separate Stock Purchase Agreement between the Company and FTS. FTS is owned by the Company s
President and Chief Executive Officer. In consideration for the shares, the Company issued a promissory note to FTS in the principal
amount of 500,000, bearing no interest and with a maturity date of February 21, 2025. 

10 

Warehousing
and Distribution 

Unique
Logistics has successfully established a major warehousing facility in Santa Fe Springs, California and now has in-house the management
expertise (commercial as well as operational) in successfully managing such facilities. Unique Logistics has also identified a method
of identifying growth opportunities by focusing on specific areas of the United States and existing well-constructed facilities where
lease assumption is available with an existing customer base. 

Specialized
Services to U.S. Companies in Overseas Markets 

Unique
Logistics has several decades of experience in Asian markets such as India, Vietnam and China. Unique Logistics is constantly interacting
with a United States customer base that seeks to do business in these areas but requires local expertise. We have the experience and
the connections to assist United States companies with local importation, local warehousing and distribution and other local logistics
and trade compliance services. We plan to build on our expertise in these three specific countries to build tailored services to U.S.
customers, including in business consulting pertaining to logistics and related trade services. 

Government
Regulations and Security 

Our
industry is subject to regulation and supervision by several governmental authorities. 

Operations 

The
U.S. Department of Transportation DOT ), the FAA and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, through the Transportation
Security Administration TSA ), have regulatory authority over our air transportation services. The Federal Aviation
Act of 1958, as amended, is the statutory basis for DOT and FAA authority and the Aviation and Transportation Security Act of 2001, as
amended, is the basis for TSA aviation security authority. 

All
United States indirect air carriers are required to maintain prescribed security procedures and are subject to periodic audits by the
TSA. Our overseas offices and agents are licensed as airfreight forwarders in their respective countries of operation. Our offices are
licensed as an airfreight forwarder from the International Air Transport Association (IATA), a voluntary association of airlines and
air transport related entities that prescribes certain operating procedures for airfreight forwarders acting as agents for its members. 

The
shipping of goods by sea is regulated by the Federal Maritime Commission FMC ). Our Company is licensed by the FMC
to operate as an Ocean Transportation Intermediary OTI and as a NVOCC. As a licensed OTI and NVOCC, we are required
to comply with several regulations, including the filing of our tariffs. 

Under
Department of Homeland Security regulations, we are a qualified participant in the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism program,
requiring us to be compliant with relevant security procedures in our operations. 

We
are licensed as a customs broker by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency of the Department of Homeland Security, nationally
and in each U.S. customs district in which we do business. All United States customs brokers are required to maintain prescribed records
and are subject to periodic audits by U.S. Customs and Border Protection. In other jurisdictions in which we perform customs clearance
services, we are licensed by the appropriate governmental authority where such license is required to perform these services. 

We
do not believe that current United States and foreign governmental regulations impose significant economic restraint upon our business
operations. The regulations of foreign governments, however, can impose barriers to our ability to provide the full range of our business
activities in a wholly or majority United States-owned subsidiary. For example, foreign ownership of a customs brokerage business is
prohibited in some jurisdictions and, less frequently, the ownership of the licenses required for freight forwarding and/or freight consolidation
is restricted to local entities. When we encounter this sort of governmental restriction, we work to establish a legal structure that
meets the requirements of the local regulations while also providing the substantive operating and economic advantages that would be
available in the absence of such regulation. This can be accomplished by creating a joint venture or exclusive agency relationship with
a qualified local entity that holds the required license. 

Environmental 

We
are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations across all of our business units. These laws and regulations
cover a variety of processes, including, but not limited to: proper storage, handling and disposal of waste materials; appropriately
managing wastewater and stormwater; monitoring and maintaining the integrity of underground storage tanks; complying with laws regarding
clean air, including those governing emissions; protecting against and appropriately responding to spills and releases and communicating
the presence of reportable quantities of hazardous materials to local responders. We have established site- and activity-specific environmental
compliance and pollution prevention programs to address our environmental responsibilities and remain compliant. In addition, we have
created several programs that seek to minimize waste and prevent pollution within our operations. 

11 

Employees
and Human Capital 

As
of May 31, 2023, the Company had 605 employees including 592 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a union or
covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have not experienced any work stoppages and we consider our relationship with our employees
to be good. 

Our
human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing, and integrating our existing
and new employees, advisors, and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plan are to attract, retain and reward personnel
through the granting of stock-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating
such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 

Insurance 

The
Company effectively maintains all industry-specific and business in general insurance policies and believes that it has appropriately
addressed the potential risk of material losses. We currently have the following policies in place: 

US
 Customs Bonds 

Federal
 Maritime Commission License Bonds 

Business
 Insurance 

General
 Liability 

Commercial
 Property (including Business Personal Property and Business Income with Extra Expense) 

Business
 Auto 

Commercial
 Umbrella 

Worker s
 Compensation and Employer s Liability 

Employment
 Practices Liability Insurance 

Trade
 Credit Insurance 

Cyber
 Security 

Directors and Officers 

Combined
 Transit Liability 

Errors
 and Omissions 

Warehouse
 Legal Liability 

Marine
 Open Cargo Insurance 

From
time to time, the Company may also purchase credit insurance for certain customers, resulting in the risk of loss being limited to the
accounts receivable not covered by credit insurance, which the Company does not believe to be significant. 

12 

Other
Recent Developments Agreement and Plan of Merger with Edify Acquisition Corp. 

On
December 18, 2022, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger Agreement with Edify Acquisition
Corp., a Delaware corporation Edify ), and Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Edify Merger Sub ). Edify is a special purpose acquisition company formed to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. 

The
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby (the Transactions were approved by the board of directors of
each of the Company, Edify, and Merger Sub. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that Merger Sub will merge with and into
the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, the Company will be
a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edify (the Merger ). In addition, Edify will be renamed Unique Logistics International,
Inc. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Merger Agreement, as a result of the Transactions, among other things, all outstanding shares of Common Stock
and of the Company s convertible preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Preferred Stock ), will be
exchanged for shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Edify. Unique Logistics stockholders may
also be entitled to receive additional shares of Edify s Class A common stock based primarily on the closing price per share
of the Edify Class A common stock on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which shares of Edify s Class A
common stock are then traded during the seven-year period following the date that is 60 days after the closing date of the
Transactions. 

In
this annual report on Form 10-K we refer to Edify as the new public entity following the consummation of the Transactions as the
 Combined Company and the shares of Edify s Class A common stock following the consummation of the Transactions
as the Combined Company s common stock. 

On
March 10, 2023, in connection with the Merger Agreement and in
order to finance the ULHK Entities Acquisition, Unique Logistics entered into a financing agreement (the Financing
Agreement and related fee letter as borrower with certain of its subsidiaries party thereto as guarantors, the lenders
party thereto, CB Agent Services LLC, as origination agent, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent and administrative agent.
The Financing Agreement provides for an initial senior secured term loan in a principal amount of approximately 4.2 million and a
delayed draw term loan facility in principal amount of approximately 14.8 million (the Debt
Facility ), or up to an aggregate of 19.0 million. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, such as statements of our objectives,
expectations, and intentions. The cautionary statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should be read as applicable to all forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Factors that
could cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed below, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

Risks
Related to Unique Logistics Industry and Business Environment 

Unique
Logistics dependence on third-party service providers may adversely impact the delivery and quality of its services, and as a
result its business and operating results. 

As
a non-asset based provider of global logistics services, Unique Logistics depends on a variety of asset-based service providers, including
air, ocean and ground freight carriers, to provide equipment and services necessary to operate its business. The quality and profitability
of Unique Logistics services depend upon effective selection and oversight of its service providers, and therefore its dependence
on third parties may impact the delivery and quality of its transportation and logistics services. Such third parties may not fulfill
their obligations to Unique Logistics, or Unique Logistics relationship with these parties may change, which may prevent it from
meeting its commitments to its customers. In addition, if Unique Logistics is unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation
services from third parties to meet its commitments to its customers, its operating results could be materially and adversely affected,
and its customers could switch to using its competitors, either temporarily or permanently, for their transportation logistics needs.
Many of these risks are beyond Unique Logistics control, including: 

shortages
 in available cargo capacity or availability, including from the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, continuing industry
 consolidation among ocean freight carriers, or changes in the financial stability or operating capabilities of carriers; 

changes
 by carriers and transportation companies in policies and practices such as scheduling, pricing, payment terms and frequency of service; 

changes
 in regulations impacting transportation; 

disruptions
 in the supply or cost of fuel; 

increases
 in taxes or the cost of labor; 

the
 introduction of alternative means of transporting freight; and 

unanticipated
 changes in freight markets. 

13 

In
addition, any determination that Unique Logistics third-party carriers have violated laws and regulations could seriously damage
its reputation and brand, resulting in diminished revenue and profit and increased operating costs. 

Further,
when market demand significantly exceeds available capacity in a given market, which was, for example, the case for various services
and markets in 2021 during the post-COVID market recovery, Unique Logistics may not always be able to find acceptable transportation
or other service solutions to meet its customers needs or the routing and delivery of freight may be subject to delays that are
outside of its control. 

If
any of these risks occur, it could have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Economic
recessions and other factors that reduce freight volumes could have a material adverse impact on Unique Logistics business. 

The
transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recessions, downturns
in business cycles of customers, interest rate fluctuations, currency fluctuations, inflation pressures, and other economic factors beyond
Unique Logistics control. Deterioration in the economic environment subjects Unique Logistics business to various risks
that may have a material impact on its operating results and cause it to not reach its long-term growth goals, including the following: 

Decrease
 in volumes: a reduction in overall freight volumes in the marketplace could reduce Unique Logistics opportunities for
 growth. In addition, if a downturn in Unique Logistics customers business cycles causes a reduction in the volume of
 freight shipped by those customers, its operating results could be adversely affected; 

Credit
 risk and working capital: some of Unique Logistics customers may face economic difficulties and may not be able to pay
 their dues to Unique Logistics, and some may go out of business. In addition, some customers may not pay Unique Logistics as quickly
 as they have in the past, which could cause its working capital needs to increase; 

Transportation
 provider failures: a significant number of Unique Logistics transportation providers may go out of business and it may
 be unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services to meet its commitments to its customers; and 

Expense
 management: Unique Logistics may not be able to appropriately adjust its expenses to changing market demands. In order to maintain
 high variability in Unique Logistics business model, it is necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands.
 In periods of rapid change, it is more difficult to match Unique Logistics staffing level to its business needs. In addition,
 Unique Logistics has other primarily variable expenses that are fixed for a period of time, and it may not be able to adequately
 adjust them in a period of rapid change in market demand. 

In
addition, volatile market conditions can create situations where rate increases charged by carriers and other service providers are implemented
with little or no advance notice. Unique Logistics often cannot pass these rate increases on to its customers in the same timeframe,
if at all, which could negatively impact Unique Logistics yields and margins. 

Higher
carrier prices may result in decreased gross profit margin and increases in working capital. 

Carriers
can be expected to charge higher prices if market conditions warrant, including increased costs of fuel, labor shortages, increased shipping
times due to supply chain disruption or in order to cover higher operating costs. Unique Logistics gross profits and income from
operations may decrease if it is unable to pass these cost increases on to its customers. In some instances where Unique Logistics has
entered into contract freight rates with customers, if market conditions change and those contracted rates are below market rates, it
may be required to provide transportation services at a loss. 

14 

Climate
change, including measures to address climate change, could adversely impact Unique Logistics business and financial results. 

The
long-term effects of climate change are difficult to predict and may be widespread. The potential impacts of climate change may subject
Unique Logistics and its business to various risks, including physical risks (such as rising sea levels, which could affect port operations
or frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions, which could disrupt its operations and damage cargo and its facilities), compliance
costs and transition risks (such as increased regulation and taxation to support carbon emissions reduction investments), reputational
and strategic risks due to shifts in customer demands (such as customers requiring more fuel-efficient transportation modes or transparency
to carbon emissions in their supply chains), customer contractual requirements around environmental initiatives, and other adverse effects.
While Unique Logistics non-asset-based model gives it some flexibility and ability to change locations, modes, and carriers based
on evolving operating conditions, such impacts may disrupt its operations by adversely affecting its ability to procure services that
meet regulatory or customer requirements, depending on the availability of sufficient appropriate logistics solutions, and may negatively
affect its results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Further, there is no assurance that alternative locations, modes,
and carriers that are not so affected will be available or have adequate capacity. 

In
addition, the increasing public and political concern over climate change has resulted and may continue to result in more legal or regulatory
requirements relating to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions, restrictions on modes of transportation, alternative
energy policies, and sustainability initiatives. If legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in any jurisdictions in which
Unique Logistics operates, that impose more stringent restrictions and requirements than its current legal or regulatory obligations,
Unique Logistics may experience disruptions in, or increases in the costs associated with delivering, its services, which may negatively
affect its operations, operating results, cash flows, and financial condition. 

Unique
Logistics operates in a competitive environment. 

Competition
in the transportation services industry is intense and Unique Logistics expects it to remain so for the foreseeable future. Many of Unique
Logistics competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, more employees, and significantly greater financial,
technical, marketing, public relations and distribution resources than Unique Logistics does. The competitive environment may reduce
Unique Logistics market opportunity and require it to make changes in its pricing or marketing to maintain and extend its current
brand and market position. Price concessions or the emergence of other pricing or distribution strategies of competitors may diminish
Unique Logistics revenues, impact its margins, or lead to a reduction in its market share, any of which will harm Unique Logistics 
business, prospects, and results of operations. 

Unique
Logistics earnings may be affected by seasonal changes in the transportation industry. 

Results
of operations for Unique Logistics industry generally show a seasonal pattern as customers reduce shipments during and after the
winter holiday season. Historically, income from operations and earnings are lower in the first calendar quarter than in the other three
quarters. Unique Logistics believes that this historical pattern has been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors, including
national holidays, weather patterns, consumer demand, economic conditions, and other similar and subtle forces. Although seasonal changes
in the transportation industry have not had a significant impact on Unique Logistics cash flow or results of operations, Unique
Logistics expects this trend to continue and it cannot guarantee that the seasonal changes will not adversely impact it in the future.
The transportation industry may also be significantly impacted by disruptions such as port congestion and the availability of transportation
equipment, as well as factors such as labor shortages, fuel prices, shifts in consumer demand toward more locally sourced products, and
regulatory changes. These disruptions may impact the growth rates within the global logistics industry and Unique Logistics ability
to provide transportation services for its customers, each of which may adversely impact its results of operations and operating cash
flows. 

Risks
Related to Unique Logistics and its Operations 

Unique
Logistics relies on technology to operate its business. 

Unique
Logistics continued success is dependent on its systems continuing to operate and to meet the changing needs of its customers
and users. The continued automation of existing processes and usage of third-party technology and cloud network capacity will require
adaptation and adjustments that may increase Unique Logistics exposure to cybersecurity risks and system availability reliance.
Unique Logistics relies on its technology staff and vendors to successfully implement changes to and maintain its operating systems in
an efficient manner. If it fails to maintain, protect, update, and enhance its operating systems, Unique Logistics may be at a competitive
disadvantage and lose customers. 

15 

As
demonstrated by recent material and high-profile data security breaches, computer malware, viruses, and computer hacking and phishing
attacks have become more prevalent, have occurred on Unique Logistics systems in the past, and may occur on Unique Logistics 
systems in the future. Previous attacks on Unique Logistics systems have not had a material financial impact on its operations,
but Unique Logistics cannot guarantee that future attacks will have little to no impact on its business. 

Though
it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, a significant impact on
the performance, reliability, security, and availability of Unique Logistics systems and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction
of its users may harm Unique Logistics reputation, impair its ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers, and
expose it to legal claims and government action, each of which could have a material adverse impact on Unique Logistics financial
condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 

Difficulty
in forecasting timing or volumes of customer shipments or rate changes by carriers could adversely impact Unique Logistics margins
and operating results. 

Unique
Logistics is not aware of any accurate means of forecasting short-term customer requirements. Long-term customer satisfaction, however,
depends upon Unique Logistics ability to meet these unpredictable short-term customer requirements. Personnel costs, Unique Logistics 
single largest expense, are always less flexible in the very near term as Unique Logistics must staff to meet uncertain demand. As a
result, its short-term operating results could be disproportionately affected. 

A
significant portion of Unique Logistics revenues is derived from customers whose shipping patterns are tied closely to consumer
demand and from customers in industries whose shipping patterns are dependent upon just-in-time shipping schedules. Therefore, the timing
of Unique Logistics revenues is, to a large degree, impacted by factors out of its control, such as a sudden change in consumer
demand for retail goods, changes in trade tariffs, labor disruptions at ports, airports, terminals and rail, product launches and/or
manufacturing production delays. Additionally, many customers ship a significant portion of their goods at or near the end of a quarter
and, therefore, Unique Logistics may not learn of a shortfall in revenues until late in a quarter. To the extent that Unique Logistics 
did not expect a shortfall in revenues or earnings, any such shortfall could have an immediate and adverse effect on the trading price
of Unique Logistics Shares. 

Volatile
market conditions, such as those following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, can create situations where carriers and other service
providers implement rate increases with little or no advance notice. Unique Logistics often cannot pass these rate increases on to its
customers in the same time frame, if at all. As a result, Unique Logistics yields and margins have been and may in the future
be negatively impacted by the effects of volatile market conditions. 

Any
reduction in international commerce or disruption in global trade may adversely impact Unique Logistics business and operating
results. 

Unique
Logistics provides services primarily to customers engaged in international commerce. As a result, everything that affects international
trade has the potential to impact Unique Logistics business and adversely impact its operating results. Factors that influence
international trade, which are outside of Unique Logistics control, include the following: 

currency
 exchange rates and currency control regulations; 

interest
 rate fluctuations; 

16 

changes
 and uncertainties in governmental policies and inter-governmental disputes, which could result in increased tariff rates, quota restrictions,
 trade barriers, and other restrictions; 

changes
 in and application of international and domestic customs, trade, and security regulations; 

wars,
 strikes, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, and other conflicts; 

changes
 in labor and other costs; 

labor
 disruptions at ports, airports, terminals and rail; 

natural
 disasters and epidemics, pandemics, and other health emergencies; 

changes
 in consumer attitudes regarding goods made in countries other than their own; 

changes
 in the availability of credit; 

changes
 in the price and readily available quantities of oil and other petroleum-related products; and 

increased
 global concerns regarding working conditions and environmental sustainability. 

The
implementation of Unique Logistics business strategy will require significant capital expenditures and additional financing. 

The
implementation of Unique Logistics business strategy, including with respect to growth, will require significant expenditures
of capital as well as additional financing and risks associated with interest rates Unique Logistics may seek additional funds through equity or debt financings. Unique
Logistics cannot offer any assurances that any such financings will be obtained on favorable terms, or at all. Equity financings
could result in dilution to existing stockholders and debt financing could result in the imposition of significant financial and
operational restrictions on Unique Logistics. Unique Logistics inability to access adequate capital on acceptable terms could
have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Unique
Logistics derives a significant portion of its total revenues and net revenues from a small number of customers. 

Revenue
from three major customers as a percentage of Unique Logistics total revenue was approximately 19.0 and 48.0 , respectively, for the
years ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. The loss of one or more of these customers would reduce Unique Logistics revenue and
net income to the extent where this loss would have a material adverse effect on its business and operating results. 

Due
to its dependence on a limited number of customers, Unique Logistics is subject to a concentration of credit risk. 

As of May 31, 2023, three major customers represented approximately 7.0 of all accounts receivable and no single
customer represented more than 10.0 of total accounts receivable. 

The same three major customers represented approximately 21.0 of all accounts receivable and no
single customer represented more than 10 of total accounts receivable, as of May 31, 2022. 

In
the case of insolvency by one of Unique Logistics significant customers, Unique Logistics may not be able to collect, collect
fully, or collect timely on its accounts receivable with respect to that customer, each of which could adversely affect Unique Logistics 
financial position. This concentration of credit risk makes Unique Logistics more vulnerable economically. The loss of any of these customers
could materially reduce Unique Logistics revenues and net income, which could have a material adverse effect on its business. 

Unique
Logistics may not successfully manage its growth. 

Unique
Logistics intends to continue to grow rapidly and substantially, including by organic growth and expansion in existing markets, by making
strategic acquisitions and by entering new markets. Unique Logistics may experience difficulties and higher-than-expected expenses in
executing this strategy as a result of, among other things, unfamiliarity with new markets and changes in revenue and business models. 

Unique
Logistics growth will place a significant strain on its management as well as its operational and financial resources. Unique
Logistics will need to continually improve existing procedures and controls as well as implement new transaction processing, operational
and financial systems, and procedures and controls to expand, train and manage its employee base. Unique Logistics working capital
needs will increase substantially as its operations grow. Failure to manage growth effectively, or obtain necessary working capital,
could have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics business, results of operations, cash flows, stock price, and financial
condition. 

17 

Governmental,
Regulatory, and Legal Risks 

Unique
Logistics is subject to a complex regulatory environment, and failure to comply with and adapt to these regulations could result in penalties
or otherwise adversely impact its business. 

Unique
Logistics business is affected by ever-increasing regulations from a number of sources in the United States and in foreign locations
in which it operates. Many of these regulations are complex and require varying degrees of interpretation, including those related to
trade compliance, data privacy, employment, compensation and competition, and may require changes in Unique Logistics operating
practices, influence the demand for, and the cost of providing, transportation services, and result in other unforeseen costs. 

For
example, in response to ongoing security threats, governments around the world are continuously enacting or updating security regulations.
These regulations are multi-layered, increasingly technical in nature and characterized by a lack of harmonization of substantive requirements
among various governmental authorities. Furthermore, the implementation of these regulations, including deadlines and substantive requirements,
can be driven by regulatory urgencies rather than an industry s realistic ability to comply. 

Failure
to consistently and timely comply with any applicable regulations, or the failure, breach or compromise of Unique Logistics policies
and procedures or those of Unique Logistics service providers or agents, may result in increased operating costs, damage to Unique
Logistics reputation, difficulty in attracting and retaining key personnel, restrictions on Unique Logistics operations,
and/or fines and penalties. Further, Unique Logistics cannot predict the impact that future regulations may have on its business, and
there can be no assurance that it will be able to pass on any increased costs resulting from new or changing regulations on to its customers
in the form of rate increases or surcharges, and therefore its operations, revenues, and profitability may be materially and adversely
affected as a result. 

Unique
Logistics contracted transportation providers are subject to increasingly stringent laws protecting the environment, including
transitional risks relating to climate change, which could directly or indirectly have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics 
business. 

Future
and existing environmental regulatory requirements, including evolving transportation technology, in the United States and abroad could
adversely affect operations and increase operating expenses, which in turn could increase Unique Logistics purchased transportation
costs. Unique Logistics may also incur expenses as a result of regulators requiring additional climate-related disclosures regarding
its contracted transportation providers that may be labor-intensive to report on. Until the timing, scope, and extent of such possible
regulation becomes known, Unique Logistics cannot predict its effect on its business, but if Unique Logistics is unable to pass such
costs along to its customers, its business could be materially and adversely affected. Even without any new legislation or regulation,
increased public concern regarding greenhouse gas emissions by transportation carriers could harm the reputations of companies operating
in the transportation logistics industries and shift consumer demand toward more locally-sourced products and away from the services
that Unique Logistics provides. 

Unique
Logistics international operations subject it to operational and financial risks. 

Unique
Logistics provides services within and between foreign countries on an increasing basis. Unique Logistics business outside of
the United States is subject to various risks, including: 

changes
 in tariffs, trade restrictions, trade agreements, and taxation; 

difficulties
 in managing or overseeing foreign operations and agents; 

limitations
 on the repatriation of funds because of foreign exchange controls; 

different
 liability standards; 

intellectual
 property laws of countries that do not protect Unique Logistics rights in its intellectual property, including, but not limited
 to, Unique Logistics proprietary information systems, to the same extent as the laws of the United States; and 

issues
 related to non-compliance with laws, rules, and regulations in the countries in which Unique Logistics operates, including the U.S.
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar regulations. Failure to comply could result in reputational harm, substantial penalties,
 and operational restrictions. 

18 

The
occurrence or consequences of any of these risks may restrict Unique Logistics ability to operate in the affected region and/or
decrease the profitability of its operations in that region. 

As
Unique Logistics continues to expand its business internationally, it is exposed to increased risk of loss from foreign currency fluctuations
and exchange controls, as well as longer accounts receivable payment cycles. Foreign currency fluctuations could result in currency exchange
gains or losses or could affect the book value of Unique Logistics assets and liabilities. Furthermore, Unique Logistics may experience
unanticipated changes to its income tax liabilities resulting from changes in geographical income mix and changing international tax
legislation. Unique Logistics has limited control over these risks, and if it does not correctly anticipate changes in international
economic and political conditions, it may not alter its business practices in time to avoid adverse effects. 

Investigations
and litigation could require management time and or incur substantial legal costs or fines, penalties or damages, any of which could
adversely impact on Unique Logistics financial results. 

As
a multinational corporation, Unique Logistics is subject to formal or informal investigations from governmental authorities or others
in the countries in which it does business. In addition, Unique Logistics may become subject to civil litigation with its customers,
service providers and other parties with whom it does business. These investigations and litigation may require significant management
time and could cause Unique Logistics to incur substantial additional legal and related costs, which may include fines, penalties or
damages that could have a materially adverse impact on its financial results. 

Risks
Related to Unique Logistics Acquisition Strategy and Recent Acquisitions 

Cash
expenditures associated with the recent ULHK Entities Acquisition may create significant liquidity and cash flow risks for Unique Logistics. 

Unique
Logistics expects to incur integration costs in connection with the recent ULHK Entities Acquisition. While Unique Logistics has assumed
that this level of expense will be incurred, there are many factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing
of such integration expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately.
To the extent these integration expenses are higher than anticipated, Unique Logistics may experience liquidity or cash flow problems. 

Unique
Logistics may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the ULHK Entities Acquisition and the combined company may not perform
as Unique Logistics or the market expects, which could have an adverse effect on the price of the Common Stock. 

The
success of the recent acquisition of the ULHK Entities will depend, in part, on Unique Logistics ability to realize the anticipated
benefits and cost savings from combining its business with that of the ULHK Entities. Risks in this regard include: 

integrating
 businesses is a difficult, expensive, and time-consuming process, and the failure to successfully integrate Unique Logistics 
 business with the business of the ULHK Entities in the expected timeframe would adversely affect Unique Logistics financial
 condition and results of operations; 

the
 ULHK Entities Acquisition will materially increase the size of Unique Logistics operations, and Unique Logistics may not be
 able to manage its expanded operations effectively; and 

the
 success of the combined company will depend upon relationships with third parties and the ULHK Entities or Unique Logistics 
 pre-existing customers, which relationships may be affected by customer preferences or public attitudes about the ULHK Entities Acquisition,
 and the recent acquisition of the ULHK Entities could result in adverse changes in these relationships. 

19 

If
Unique Logistics fails to successfully address the above risks and challenges, it may not realize the anticipated benefits and
cost savings of the ULHK Entities Acquisition at all or within the expected timeframe and it may not perform as Unique Logistics or the
market expects. Further, such failures could adversely affect Unique Logistics business, financial condition, and results of operations,
as well as the market price of the Common Stock. 

The
obligations and liabilities of the ULHK Entities, some of which may be unanticipated or unknown, may be greater than Unique Logistics
has anticipated, which may diminish the value of the ULHK Entities to Unique Logistics. 

Despite
the due diligence conducted by Unique Logistics and its advisers in connection with the ULHK Entities Acquisition, there may be obligations
and liabilities of the ULHK Entities that may not have been disclosed to Unique Logistics, or may not be reflected or reserved
for in the ULHK Entities historical financial statements, or that Unique Logistics may not have otherwise been aware of. As a
result, the ULHK Entities obligations and liabilities may be greater than Unique Logistics has anticipated. The obligations and
liabilities of the ULHK Entities could have a material adverse effect on the ULHK Entities business or the ULHK Entities 
value to Unique Logistics or on Unique Logistics business, financial condition, or results of operations. Even in cases where
it is able to obtain indemnification with respect to such liabilities and obligations, Unique Logistics may discover liabilities greater
than the contractual limits or the financial resources of the indemnifying party. In the event that it is responsible for liabilities
substantially in excess of any amounts recovered through rights to indemnification or alternative remedies that might be available to
it, or any applicable insurance, Unique Logistics could suffer severe consequences that would substantially reduce its earnings and cash
flows or otherwise materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Unique
Logistics past acquisitions, as well as any acquisitions that Unique Logistics may complete in the future, may be unsuccessful
or result in other risks or developments that adversely affect Unique Logistics financial condition and results. 

While
it intends for its acquisitions to enhance its competitiveness and profitability, Unique Logistics cannot be certain that its past or
future acquisitions will be accretive to earnings or otherwise meet its operational or strategic expectations. Special risks, including
accounting, regulatory, compliance, information technology or human resources issues, may arise in connection with, or as a result of,
the acquisition of an existing company, including the assumption of unanticipated liabilities and contingencies, difficulties in integrating
acquired businesses, possible management distractions, or the inability of the acquired business to achieve the levels of revenue, profit,
productivity or synergies Unique Logistics anticipates or otherwise perform as Unique Logistics expects on the timeline contemplated.
Unique Logistics is unable to predict all of the risks that could arise as a result of its acquisitions. 

In
addition, if the performance of Unique Logistics reporting segments or an acquired business varies from Unique Logistics 
projections or assumptions, or if estimates about the future profitability of Unique Logistics reporting segments or an acquired
business change, Unique Logistics revenues, earnings or other aspects of its financial condition could be adversely affected. 

Unique
Logistics may incur risks related to acquisition financing. 

Unique
Logistics has a limited amount of financial resources and its ability to make additional acquisitions without securing additional
financing from outside sources is limited. In order to continue to pursue its acquisition strategy, Unique Logistics may be required
to obtain additional financing. Unique Logistics may obtain such financing through a combination of traditional debt financing, the
placement of debt and equity securities, or financing in exchange for accounts receivable, as under Unique Logistics current
revolving credit facility. Unique Logistics may finance some portion of its future acquisitions by either issuing equity or by using
shares of Common Stock for all or a portion of the purchase price for such businesses. In the event that the Common Stock does not attain or maintain a sufficient market value, or potential acquisition candidates are otherwise
unwilling to accept shares of Common Stock as part of the purchase price for the sale of their businesses, Unique Logistics
may be required to use more of its cash resources, if available, in order to fund its acquisitions. If Unique Logistics does not
have sufficient cash resources, it will not be able to complete acquisitions and its growth could be limited unless it is able to
obtain additional capital through debt or equity financing. The terms of the Financing Agreement require that the Company obtain
the consent of its lenders prior to securing additional debt financing. As a result, Unique Logistics ability to obtain
additional debt financing could be constrained if it is unable to secure such consent. 

20 

Unique
Logistics may be required to incur a significant amount of indebtedness in order to successfully implement its acquisition strategy. 

Subject
to the restrictions contained under the Financing Agreement, Unique Logistics may be required to incur a significant amount of indebtedness
in order to complete future acquisitions. If it is not able to generate sufficient cash flow from the operations of acquired businesses
to make scheduled payments of principal and interest on any such indebtedness, then Unique Logistics will be required to use its capital
for such payments. This will restrict Unique Logistics ability to make additional acquisitions. Unique Logistics may also be forced
to sell an acquired business in order to satisfy indebtedness. Unique Logistics cannot be certain that it will be able to operate profitably
once it incurs any such indebtedness or that it will be able to generate a sufficient amount of proceeds from the ultimate disposition
of such acquired businesses to repay any indebtedness that it incurred to make such acquisitions. 

Unique
Logistics may experience difficulties in integrating the operations, personnel, and assets of acquired businesses that may disrupt its
business, dilute stockholder value, and adversely affect its operating results. 

A
core component of Unique Logistics business plan is to acquire businesses in the transportation and logistics industry.
There can be no assurance that Unique Logistics will be able to identify, acquire or profitably manage businesses or successfully integrate
acquired businesses into its existing business without substantial costs, delays, or other operational or financial problems. Such acquisitions
also involve numerous operational risks, including: 

difficulties
 in integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

the
 diversion of financial and management resources from existing operations; 

the
 risk of entering new markets; 

the
 potential loss of existing or acquired strategic operating partners following an acquisition; 

the
 potential loss of key employees following an acquisition and the associated risk of competitive efforts from such departed personnel; 

possible
 legal disputes with the acquired company following an acquisition; and 

the
 inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs. 

As
a result, if Unique Logistics fails to properly evaluate and execute any acquisitions or investments, its business and prospects may
be seriously harmed. 

In
certain acquisitions, Unique Logistics may recognize non-cash gains or losses on changes in fair value of contingent consideration. Unique
Logistics may include contingent consideration based on future financial performance as a portion of the purchase price of certain acquisitions.
To the extent that an acquired operation underperforms relative to anticipated earnings levels, Unique Logistics will be able to set-off
certain levels of future unpaid purchase price for such acquired operations. This will result in the recognition of a non-cash gain on
the change in fair value of contingent consideration. In the alternative, to the extent that an acquired operation outperforms anticipated
earnings levels, Unique Logistics will recognize a non-cash expense on the change in fair value of contingent consideration. These non-cash
gains and expenses may have a material impact on Unique Logistics financial results, and the impact could be inverse to the underlying
results of the acquired operation. 

21 

Claims
against Unique Logistics or other liabilities it incurs relating to any acquisition or business combination may require it to seek claims
against the seller for which the seller may not indemnify it or that may exceed the seller s indemnification obligations. 

There
may be liabilities that Unique Logistics assumes in any acquisition or business combination that it did not discover or underestimated
in the course of performing its due diligence investigation. A seller will normally have indemnification obligations to Unique Logistics
under an acquisition or merger agreement, but these obligations will be subject to financial limitations, such as general deductibles
and a cap, as well as time limitations. There can be no assurance that Unique Logistics right to indemnification from any seller
will be enforceable, collectible or sufficient in amount, scope, or duration to fully offset the amount of any undiscovered or underestimated
liabilities. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on Unique Logistics 
business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Unique
Logistics may face competition from parties who sell it their businesses and from professionals who cease working for it. 

In
connection with its acquisitions, Unique Logistics generally obtains non-solicitation agreements from the professionals it hires, as
well as non-competition agreements from senior managers and professionals. The agreements prohibit such individuals from competing with
Unique Logistics during the term of their employment and for a fixed period afterwards and seeking to solicit Unique Logistics 
employees or clients. In some cases, but not all, Unique Logistics may obtain non-competition or non-solicitation agreements from parties
who sell it their business or assets. Certain activities may be carved out of or otherwise may not be prohibited by these arrangements.
Unique Logistics cannot be sure that one or more of the parties from whom it acquires assets or a business or who do not join Unique
Logistics or leave its employment will not compete with it or solicit its employees or clients in the future. Even if ultimately resolved
in Unique Logistics favor, any litigation associated with the non-competition or non-solicitation agreements could be time consuming,
costly and distract management s focus from locating suitable acquisition candidates and operating Unique Logistics business.
Moreover, states and foreign jurisdictions may interpret restrictions on competition narrowly and in favor of employees. 

Therefore,
certain restrictions on competition or solicitation may be unenforceable. In addition, Unique Logistics may not pursue legal remedies
if it determines that preserving cooperation and a professional relationship with the former employee or his or her clients, or other
concerns, outweigh the benefits of any possible legal recourse or the likelihood of success does not justify the costs of pursuing a
legal remedy. Such persons, because they have worked for Unique Logistics or a business that it acquires, may be able to compete more
effectively with Unique Logistics, or be more successful in soliciting its employees and clients, than unaffiliated third parties. 

Unique
Logistics failure to continue to attract, train, or retain highly qualified personnel could harm its business. 

Unique
Logistics success depends on its ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel, specifically those with management,
customer development and general logistics industry skills. Competition for such personnel is intense. If Unique Logistics does not succeed
in attracting new personnel or retaining and motivating its current personnel, its business could be harmed. 

Unique
Logistics indebtedness could adversely impact its financial condition and results of operations. 

Significant
adverse economic and industry conditions could negatively affect Unique Logistics ability to pay principal and interest on its
debt and limit its ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, possible acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases, or other
investments. If Unique Logistics is unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy its debt obligations or refinance these debt
obligations with commercially acceptable terms, it may adversely impact Unique Logistics financial position and results of operations.
Further, Unique Logistics may be unable to comply with the various restrictions and covenants under its indebtedness, which may result
in default and its outstanding indebtedness may become immediately due and payable and adversely impact its financial position. 

Unique
Logistics may be adversely impacted by changing interest rates. 

We
are exposed to changes in interest rates as all of our debt, except the promissory notes that we issued to ULHK in the ULHK Entities
Acquisition, includes variable interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies,
economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control. A significant increase in interest rates could adversely impact Unique Logistics 
financial position and results of operations. 

22 

COVID-19
significantly impacted worldwide economic conditions and global trade and may continue to have a disruptive effect on Unique Logistics 
operations, and the operations of its service providers and our customers, which may further impact its business. 

Unique
Logistics may be impacted by residual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or a new and similarly disruptive global health emergency. In
early 2020, COVID-19 was declared a global health emergency and later declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization, prompting
governments around the world to mandate lockdowns and other restrictions that had direct impacts on international trade. The COVID-19
pandemic and various government reactions to it contributed to shortages of labor and capacity, and increased costs that continue to
impact our operations. While the World Health Organization ended the global emergency status for COVID-19 on May 5, 2023, the United
States and numerous other countries have ended their COVID-19 states of emergency, and most COVID-19 restrictions have been eased or
discontinued entirely, a resurgence of COVID-19 remains a possibility and could result in the re-imposition of such restrictions. There
is no guarantee that a continuation or resurgence of COVID-19 or a variant thereof, or a similarly disruptive health emergency, would
not impact Unique Logistics. Any significant disruption on the scale of the COVID-19 pandemic over an extended period could negatively
affect Unique Logistics business and financial results. Such a disruption could also have the effect of heightening many of the
other risks described in this proxy statement/consent solicitation statement/prospectus. 

Unique
Logistics is subject to negative impacts of changes in political and governmental conditions, particularly with respect to its operations
in China. 

Unique
Logistics operations are subject to the influences of significant political, governmental, and similar changes and Unique Logistics 
ability to respond to them, including: 

changes
 in political conditions and in governmental policies; 

changes
 in and compliance with international and domestic laws and regulations; and 

wars,
 civil unrest, acts of terrorism, and other conflicts, including rising tensions between the United States and China. 

Unique
Logistics has a customer base in the United States that is significantly dependent on trade and commerce with China (including Hong Kong).
Moreover, as a result of the ULHK Entities Acquisitions Unique Logistics has majority owned subsidiaries in China and Hong Kong. Geopolitical
factors may compel United States companies to shift their purchases and sales from China to other parts of the world. Such transition
may be disruptive to the business of Unique Logistics. While its diverse network of subsidiaries and independent agents mitigates the
risk, somewhat, of losing business in the long term, there is a significant risk that production may shift to areas of the globe where
Unique Logistics cannot effectively service its customers. 

Should
relations between China and United States deteriorate significantly, Unique Logistics faces the following additional risks: 

loss
 of revenue in its China and Hong Kong based companies; 

inability
 to repatriate local profits from these companies; 

impairment
 of assets in China and Hong Kong, including non-recovery of local trade receivables; 

security
 of its local employees, including any expatriate employees; and 

security
 of data and confidential information in its offices. 

23 

Unique
Logistics may be subject to negative impacts of catastrophic events. 

A
disruption or failure of Unique Logistics systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack,
heightened security measures, actual or threatened, terrorist attack, strike, civil unrest, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could
cause delays in providing services or performing other critical functions. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption
of any of Unique Logistics critical business or information systems could harm Unique Logistics ability to conduct normal
business operations and adversely impact its operating results. 

Risks
Related to the Merger Agreement and the Merger 

Any
indebtedness under the Financing Agreement could adversely affect Unique Logistics financial position and its ability to raise
additional capital and prevent it from fulfilling its obligations. 

In
order to finance the ULHK Entities Acquisition and in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, Unique Logistics has entered
into the Financing Agreement. The Financing Agreement provides for two term loans in an aggregate amount of up to 19.0 million. Any
indebtedness incurred pursuant to the Financing Agreement may: 

limit
 Unique Logistics ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general
 business purposes; 

require
 Unique Logistics to use a portion of its cash flow from operations to make debt service payments instead of other purposes, thereby
 reducing the amount of cash flow available for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, or other general business
 purposes, as well as for the payment of dividends on its stock owned by the Combined Company, which will be the Combined Company s
 sole source of revenue after consummation of the Transactions; 

limit
 Unique Logistics and the Combined Company s flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in their business and industry; 

increase
 Unique Logistics and the Combined Company s vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic, competitive and industry conditions;
 and 

increase
 Unique Logistics and the Combined Company s cost of borrowing. 

Any
loans pursuant to the Financing Agreement will be secured by substantially all of Unique Logistics assets. In addition, the Debt
Facility contains, and any agreements governing Unique Logistics or the Combined Company s future indebtedness may contain,
restrictive covenants that may limit their ability to engage in activities that may be in their long-term best interests. These restrictive
covenants include, among others, financial reporting requirements and limitations on indebtedness, liens, mergers, consolidations, liquidations
and dissolutions, sales of assets, dividends and other restricted payments, investments (including acquisitions) and transactions with
affiliates. Unique Logistics or the Combined Company s failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of
default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of substantially all of Unique Logistics or the Combined
Company s debt. 

Unique
Logistics has incurred and expects to incur significant costs associated with the Merger, which could have a material adverse impact
on our financial condition. Whether or not we complete the Merger, the incurrence of these costs will reduce the amount of cash that
we have available for other corporate purposes. 

Unique
Logistics expects to incur significant costs associated with the Merger. Even if we do not complete the Merger, we expect to incur approximately
 8.2 million in expenses, 1.1 million of which we have incurred to date. These expenses will reduce the amount of cash that we have available for
other corporate purposes regardless of whether if we complete the Merger. Further, the completion of the Merger depends on the satisfaction
of specified conditions, including the requisite approval of Edify s stockholders and that Edify hold net tangible assets of at
least 5,000,001 immediately prior to the closing of the Transactions, net of Edify s redemption of any shares of its Class A common
stock. There is no guarantee that these conditions will be met. If the Merger is not completed, these expenses could have a material
adverse impact on our financial condition because we would not have realized the expected benefits for which these expenses were incurred. 

Unique
Logistics is subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Merger is pending. 

Uncertainty
about the effect of the Merger on our employees and third parties with which we do business may have an adverse effect on Unique
Logistics. These uncertainties may impair Unique Logistics ability to retain and motivate key personnel and could cause third
parties that deal with us to defer entering into contracts or making other decisions or seek to change existing business
relationships. If key employees depart because of uncertainty about their future roles and the potential complexities of Merger,
Unique Logistics business could be harmed. 

24 

Some
provisions of Delaware law and the Combined Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws that will be in effect upon the completion
of the Merger may deter third parties from acquiring the Combined Company and diminish the value of the Combined Company s common
stock. 

The
Combined Company will be a Delaware corporation and governed by an amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and
restated bylaws that will be in effect upon consummation of the Merger. The Combined Company s certificate of incorporation and
bylaws that will be in effect upon the completion of the Merger will provide for, among other things: 

the ability of the Combined Company s board of directors to issue one or more series of Preferred Stock with voting or other rights
or preferences that could have the effect of impeding the success of an attempt to acquire the Combined Company or otherwise effect a
change in control; 

advance notice for nominations of directors by stockholders and for stockholders to include matters to be considered at stockholder meetings;
and 

certain limitations on convening special stockholder meetings. 

In
addition, the Combined Company has not opted out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a Delaware corporation
from engaging in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following
the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 

prior to such time, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
owned at least 85 of voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 

at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by Unique Logistics board of directors and by the affirmative
vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the votes of Unique Logistics outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested
stockholder. 

Generally,
a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to
the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with that
person s affiliates and associates, owns, or within the previous three years owned, 15 or more of the votes of the corporation s
outstanding voting stock. For purposes of this provision, voting stock means any class or series of stock entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors. 

Under
certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to
effect various business combinations with the Combined Company for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested
in acquiring the Combined Company to negotiate in advance with its board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would
be avoided if the Combined Company s board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction that results
in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Combined
Company s board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to
be in their best interests. 

These
provisions in the Combined Company s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, may discourage, delay or
prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Combined Company that is in the best interest of its minority stockholders.
Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of the
Combined Company s common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts. These provisions could also make it
more difficult for stockholders to nominate directors for election to the Combined Company s board of directors and take other
corporate actions. 

25 

A
market for the Combined Company s securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of the Combined
Company s securities. 

Following
the Merger, the price of the Combined Company s securities may fluctuate significantly due to the market s reaction to the
Merger and general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for the Combined Company s securities following the
Merger may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of the Combined Company s securities
after the Merger can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, the Combined Company s general business condition and
the release of the Combined Company s financial reports. Additionally, if the Combined Company s securities become delisted
from the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq for any reason and are quoted on the OTC Markets Group quotation system, which
is not a national securities exchange, the liquidity and price of the Combined Company s securities may be more limited than if
the Combined Company s securities were listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange. Investors may be unable to sell
their securities in the Combined Company unless a market can be established or sustained. 

If
the Merger s benefits do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price of the Combined
Company s securities may decline. 

If
the benefits of the Merger do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or securities analysts, the market price of the Combined
Company s securities following the consummation of the Merger may decline. The market values of the Combined Company s securities
at the time of the Merger may vary significantly from their prices on the date that the Merger Agreement was executed, the date of the
filing of this annual report on Form 10-K, or any future date. 

In
addition, following the Merger, fluctuations in the price of the Combined Company s securities could contribute to the loss of
all or part of your investment. To date there has not been an active public market for the Common Stock and trading in shares of Edify s
Class A common stock has not been active. Accordingly, the valuation ascribed to Unique Logistics and Edify s Class A common stock
in the Merger may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market following the Merger. 

The
trading price of the Combined Company s common stock following the Merger may fluctuate substantially and may be lower than the
current price of our common stock. Even if an active market for the Combined Company s securities develops and continues, the trading
price of the Combined Company s securities following the Merger could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The trading
price of the Combined Company s common stock following the Merger will depend on many factors, including those described in this
 Risk Factors section, many of which are and will be beyond Unique Logistics and the Combined Company s
control and may not be related to the Combined Company s operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all
or part of your investment in the Common Stock as you might be unable to sell your shares of the Combined Company s Class A common
stock at or above the price attributed to them in the Merger. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on
your investment in the Combined Company s securities and the Combined Company s securities may trade at prices significantly
below your investment in them. In such circumstances, the trading price of the Combined Company s securities may not recover and
may experience a further decline. 

Factors
affecting the trading price of the Combined Company s securities following the Merger may include: 

market conditions in the broader stock market in general, or in Unique Logistics industry in particular; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Combined Company s quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of
companies perceived to be similar to the Combined Company; 

changes in the market s expectations about the Combined Company s operating results; 

the public s reaction to the Combined Company s press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 

26 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

actual or anticipated developments in the Combined Company s business, competitors businesses or the competitive landscape
generally; 

the Combined Company s operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

the timing of the achievement of objectives under Unique Logistics business plan and the timing and amount of costs it incurs
in connection therewith; 

changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Combined Company or the market in general; 

operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Combined Company; 

changes in laws and regulations affecting the Combined Company s business; 

commencement of, or involvement in, litigation or investigations involving the Combined Company; 

changes in the Combined Company s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the volume of the Combined Company s common stock available for public sale; 

any major change in the Combined Company s board of directors or management; 

sales of substantial amounts of the Combined Company s common stock by its directors, officers or significant stockholders or the
perception that such sales could occur; 

general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, trade wars, pandemics (such as COVID-19)
and acts of war or terrorism; and 

other risk factors discussed in this Risk Factors section. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of the Combined Company s securities irrespective of its operating
performance. The stock market in general and Nasdaq in particular have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often
been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations
of these stocks, and of the Combined Company s securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market
for the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to the Combined Company s could depress the market price
of the Combined Company s common stock regardless of its business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Broad
market and industry factors, including, most recently, the impact of the COVID-19 and any other pandemics, as well as general economic,
political and market conditions such as recessions or interest rate changes, may seriously affect the market price of the Combined Company s
common stock, regardless of its actual operating performance. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for
the Combined Company s common stock shortly following the Merger. A decline in the market price of the Combined Company s
securities also could adversely affect its ability to issue additional securities and its ability to obtain additional financing in the
future. 

Furthermore,
the trading price of the Combined Company s common stock may be adversely affected by third parties trying to drive down or drive
up the market price. Short sellers and others, some of whom post anonymously on social media, may be positioned to profit if the Combined
Company s common stock declines or otherwise exhibits volatility, and their activities can negatively affect the Combined Company s
stock price and increase the volatility of its stock price. 

27 

In
addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies securities,
securities class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. Litigation of this type, if instituted against
the Combined Company, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources. Any adverse determination
in any such litigation or any amounts paid to settle any such actual or threatened litigation could require that the Combined Company
make significant payments. 

If,
following the Merger, securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the Combined Company,
its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Combined Company s common stock adversely, then
the price and trading volume of the Combined Company s common stock could decline. 

The
trading market for the Combined Company s common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities
analysts may publish about it, its business and operations, its market, or its competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently,
and may never, publish research on Edify. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the Combined Company, the Combined
Company s stock price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover Edify change
their recommendation regarding the Combined Company s stock adversely or provide more favorable relative recommendations about
Edify s or the Combined Company s competitors, the price of the Combined Company s common stock would likely decline.
If any analyst who may cover Edify were to cease coverage of the Combined Company or fail to regularly publish reports on it, it could
lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the Combined Company s stock price or trading volume to decline. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

28 

Item
2. Properties. 

Unique
Logistics corporate headquarters is located at 154-09 146 th Avenue, Jamaica, NY 11434. We lease this space, consisting
of 2,219 square feet, pursuant to a lease agreement that expires on April 30, 2024. 

We
lease 37 properties around the world, which we use as office space and, with respect to our leased property in Santa Fe Springs, California,
as office and warehouse space. We consider our Sante Fe property, at 110,791 square feet, to be the only significant property that Unique
Logistics leases. 

We
use our leased properties for office and warehouse purposes, and we believe that our current warehouse and office spaces are adequate
for our immediate needs. We may require additional space as we expand our business activities. We do not foresee any significant difficulties
in obtaining additional facilities if and when we require them. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

The
Company is not involved in any disputes and does not have any litigation matters pending that believes could have a materially
adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before
or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the Company s
executive officers or any of its subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting, the Company, the Common Stock, any of
our subsidiaries or of the Company s or the Company s subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such,
in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

From
time to time, however, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business.
Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in any such matters may arise from time to time that may harm
our business. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
Applicable. 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock is currently traded on the Pink tier of the OTC Markets under the trading symbol UNQL. 

Authorized
Capital 

The
Company is authorized by its Articles of Incorporation to issue an aggregate of 800,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.001 par value
per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which 130,000 shares are designated as Series A Preferred Stock, 870,000
shares are designated as Series B Preferred Stock, 200 shares are designated as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and 200 shares
are designated as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. As of September 14, 2023, 799,141,770 shares of Common Stock were issued and
outstanding, 120,065 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, 820,800 shares of Series B Preferred Stock were
issued and outstanding, 195 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, and 180 shares of Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, 

Holders
of Common Equity 

As
of September 14, 2023, the Company had 72 stockholders of record. 

29 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board
of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions,
and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest
earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

We
did not issue any securities during the year ended May 31, 2023, that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and were not previously disclosed in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table sets forth information as of May 31, 2023 with respect to our compensation plans under which equity securities may be
issued. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
Securities to be Issued upon Exercise of
 Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation
 Plans (Excluding
 Securities Reflected in Column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2020 Equity Incentive Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Transfer
Agent 

We
have appointed Securities Transfer Corporation AST as the transfer agent for the Common Stock. The principal office
of STC is located at 2901 N Dallas Parkway Suite 380 Plano, Texas 75093, and its telephone number is (469) 633-0101. 

30 

Item
6. [Reserved] . 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Business
Overview and Recent Developments 

The Company is a global logistics and freight forwarding
company. 

Unique
Logistics provides a range of international logistics services that enable its customers to outsource to the Company sections of their
supply chain process. Our global network of trained employees and integrated information systems seamlessly manage the services we provide.
We enable our customers to share data regarding their international vendors and purchase orders with us, execute the flow of goods and
information under their operating instructions, provide visibility to the flow of goods from factory to distribution center or store
and, when required, update their inventory records. 

Our
range of services can be categorized as follows: 

Air freight services 

Ocean freight services 

Customs brokerage and compliance
 services 

Warehousing and distribution
 services 

Order management 

As discussed above, on February 21, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition
of all of the share capital owned by ULHK in eight subsidiaries for 26.5 million. In addition to the acquisition of the shares in
the ULHK Entities, Unique Logistics acquired two companies that are owned by two of the ULHK Entities. Acquisition of these entities is expected to have a material favorable
impact on revenues and consolidated income of the Company going forward. 

Market
and Business Trends 

Unique
Logistics fiscal year 2023 that commenced June 1, 2022, can be considered its first fiscal year in the post COVID-19 period. The
impact of COVID-19 in the previous two fiscal years resulted in an initial drop in shipping volumes and then the post COVID-19 surge
in shipping volumes including all related logistics challenges. 

Market
conditions trended towards a slowdown in shipping in fiscal 2023. This slowdown significantly impacted Unique Logistics in the year ended
May 31, 2023. The impact was particularly severe in the air freight sector. The uncertainty created by inflation and high inventory levels
coupled with the fact that Unique Logistics third fiscal quarter is traditionally a slow period due to shipping market seasonality,
has resulted in lower shipping volumes and lower shipping costs. Lower shipping costs result in lower revenue for Unique Logistics. We
believe, however, that Unique Logistics is positioned to improve net revenue yield through improved procurement; we have also added to
our customer base in the last 15 months, which will mitigate the impact of a declining shipping market. 

Demand
for space by ocean freight and air freight from United States importers surged in the period June 2021 through December 2021 as retailers
increased inventory in anticipation of the post COVID-19 resurgence. This surge coupled with the impact of COVID-19-related factory lockdowns
in Vietnam resulted in logistics disruptions and ultimately unprecedented congestion in United States ports and airports. Air cargo charters,
including passenger aircrafts converted to cargo charter flights, were heavily in demand in the second half of 2021 and pricing of all
shipping methods increased to unprecedented levels. The demand for shipping started slowing down in early 2022 and the price of shipping
has been on a declining trend since then. Many United States retailers found themselves with excessive inventory by the middle of 2022
and temporary corrections resulted in over-capacity of space on aircrafts and shipping vessels resulting in a softer logistics market
from May 2022 through June 2023, with shipping volumes starting to increase thereafter. While shipping volumes have increased beginning
in July 2023, the over-capacity continues to impact net revenues because in more competitive market conditions our customers receive
from competitors offers for the services that we provide at lower rates, resulting in margin pressure. 

31 

During
the year ended May 31, 2022, Unique Logistics experienced not just a surge in volume but due to the elevated cost of shipping, revenues
increased tremendously, while net revenue or gross profit as a percentage of gross revenue declined. In the year ended May 31, 2023,
by comparison, volumes declined and per unit revenue declined due to lower shipping costs and, correspondingly, the rates we charged
our customers. 

We
believe that, overall, Unique Logistics is well positioned to grow its business in the post COVID-19 era as it continues to build
its customer base, increases in gross margins and profitability, and makes strategic plans for organic growth and through the
targeted acquisitions. We are expanding our sales organization, locking in procurement strategies, and receiving positive feedback
from our existing customers regarding their future shipping needs. Further, the ULHK Entities Acquisition has increased our local
sales and marketing presence in important new markets such as India, China, Hong Kong and Vietnam and, we believe, positions the
Company for business growth in these new areas. We expect that some of the growth in business in these areas, along with reducing
certain of our costs in these countries, will result in additional services in the United States in relation to exports, warehousing
and delivery to meet the service needs in the United States of customers located in such countries. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

For
the years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022, Unique Logistics revenue by product line was as follows: 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 change 
 change 
 
 Revenues 

Air freight 
 80,971,563 
 499,024,643 
 (418,053,080 
 (83.8 
 
 Ocean freight 
 181,432,206 
 446,977,162 
 (265,544,956 
 (59.4 
 
 Contract logistics 
 3,217,479 
 3,491,489 
 (274,010 
 (7.8 
 
 Customs brokerage and other services 
 59,997,244 
 64,993,386 
 (4,996,142 
 (7.7 
 
 Total revenues 
 325,618,492 
 1,014,486,680 
 (688,868,188 
 (67.9 

The
67.9 decrease in total revenue for the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to the year ended May 31, 2022, is primarily due to decreases
of 83.9 in air freight revenue and 59.4 in ocean freight revenue; decreased revenues from our contract logistics and customs brokerage
operating segments also contributed to the decrease in total revenues. 

The decline in air freight
revenue was primarily due to a volume reduction of approximately 80.0 over the comparable period of 2022, which accounted for 95.0 of
the decline in air freight revenue year-over-year, due to a decrease in demand. During the year ended May 31, 2022, demand for air freight
was so much greater than historical levels due to the rebound of post-COVID buying that the Company was operating dedicated air cargo
charters for its customers to meet the increased demand. The air charter program was an agreement with several major airlines to add a
substantial number of charter flights for the peak season period of August 1, 2021, through December 31, 2021. The agreements terminated,
and the charter flights ended, in December 2021 (the third quarter of our 2022 fiscal year). A pricing reduction of approximately 26.0 
year-over-year, also due to a decrease in demand, accounted for the remainder of the decrease in air freight volume. 

The decline in ocean freight revenue was due to a volume reduction of approximately
44.1 and a pricing reduction of approximately 34.8 during the year ended May 31, 2023, compared to the prior fiscal year, which were
responsible for 25.0 and 75.0 of the decline in air freight revenue year-over-year, in each case due to decreases in demand. With
respect to the decrease in volume in particular. Overall shipping volumes have been experiencing a steady global decline in the past 15
months, with additional ocean freight capacity available, putting further pressure on pricing. 

Going
forward, management is expecting both the air and the ocean freight business to steadily improve in terms of volumes and to remain stable
in terms of pricing in the second half of calendar 2023 based on the customer projections and secured customer commitments received to
date. The Company also expects revenues from the ULHK Entities to have a positive impact on revenues for the interim periods and the
full fiscal year ending May 31, 2024. 

32 

Costs
and Operating Expenses 

Cost
of freight and other operating expenses were 315.2 million for the year ended May 31, 2023, compared to 998.0 million for the year
ended May 31, 2022, a reduction of 68.4 , primarily as a result of the reduction in shipping volumes in air freight and ocean freight,
as discussed above. In particular, air freight costs were 85.4 lower and ocean freight costs were 61.6 lower during the year ended
May 31, 2023, compared with the year ended May 31, 2022. 

Other
operating and administrative expenses were 25.8 million and 26.4 million, respectively, for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022,
a 2.3 decrease year-over-year, primarily due to a 3.8 million, or 56.7 , reduction in selling and promotional costs due to lower sales
that reduced the commissions we paid to our sales staff and the lack of any bad debt expense during the year ended May 31, 2023, compared
to bad debt expense of 2.5 million during the year ended May 31, 2022. The bad debt expense during fiscal 2022 resulted from the Company
recording a specific provision against several specific customer balances that are currently in dispute. There were no such customer
balances identified during the year ended May 31, 2023. These reductions were offset by a 3.6 million, or 31.0 , increase in salaries
and related costs and a 1.1 million, or 52.2 , increase in rent and occupancy costs during the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to the
year ended May 31, 2022. The increase of 3.6 million in salaries and related costs year-over-year is due to the addition of salaries
and related costs for the employees of our new subsidiaries acquired in the ULHK Entities Acquisition, new hires and promotions. Rent
and occupancy expenses increased approximately 1.0 million year-over-year due to an approximately 50.0 increase in the rental rates
under the renewed lease for our warehouse facility and our leasing of new office space during fiscal 2023 as the Company expanded globally.
The Company doesn t expect significant increases in rent and occupancy expenses going forward. 

Gross Margin 

Although revenue and direct costs both decreased during the year ended
May 31, 2023 compared to the year ended May 31, 2022, the gross margin as a percentage of revenue increased from 4.2 to 11.1 year over
year. This increase was primarily the result of our adoption of better planning and procurement practices, synergies achieved with recently
acquired entities in strategic markets, better alignment and retention with our existing customers and positive contributions from our
recently upgraded sales and customer service teams. Gross margin is an important measurement of the logistics company efficiency and profitability.
The Company is focused on this and other measures when making strategic decisions and investments. 

Other
Income (Expenses) 

For the year ended May 31, 2023, other expenses were
 0.9 million and consisted of interest expense of 3.8 million from our operating line of credit with TBK Bank, SSB, offset by the gain
recognized on change in valuation of contingent consideration in the amount of 1.8 million, which represents the reversal of a previously-recorded earn-out
provision as part of ULHK Entities Acquisition as we determined after closing that the milestones that would have triggered the payment
had not been met, a 0.9 million gain in fair value of derivative liabilities related to the antidilution provision imbedded in the Preferred
Stock and 0.3 million in other gains recorded by the ULKH Entities. 

For
the year ended May 31, 2022, other expenses were 10.6 million and consisted primarily of interest expense of 5.6 million and a 4.0
million loss in fair value of derivative liabilities related to the antidilution provisions imbedded in the Preferred Stock. 

The
 0.9 gain in the fair value of derivative liabilities during the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to the 4.0 million loss for year
ended May 31, 2022, is due to recognition of derivative liability for the first time during the quarter ended February 28, 2022. Interest expense decreased year-over-year
primarily due to our reduced borrowing on our operating line of credit in order to support our operations due to lower shipping volumes
and a decline in the costs of freight services during fiscal 2023 as compared to the previous year. 

33 

Net
Income 

Net
income was 8.2 million for the year ended May 31, 2023, compared to 3.5 million for the year ended May 31, 2022. Net income attributable
to common shareholders was 8.2 million during the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to net loss available to common shareholders of 1.0
million for the year ended May 31, 2022, due to a deemed dividend of 4.6 million recorded as a result of the Company exchanging 3.9
million of convertible notes into Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock on December 10, 2022. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. Substantial doubt about an
entity s ability to continue as a going concern exists when conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate that
it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after the date that the
financial statements are issued. 

The
following table summarizes the Company s total current assets, liabilities and working capital at the dates
indicated: 

May 31, 2023 
 May 31, 2022 
 Change 
 
 Current Assets 
 60,326,985 
 108,543,031 
 (48,216,046 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 52,448,603 
 104,367,590 
 (51,918,987 
 
 Net Working Capital 
 7,878,382 
 4,175,441 
 3,702,941 

As of May 31, 2023, the Company reported
positive net working capital of 7.9 million compared to 4.2 million as of May 31, 2022. The increase in working capital is a
result of net income of 8.2 million during the year ended May 31, 2023 compared with 3.5 million for the year ended May 31, 2023
and 2022, as well as the Company s positive cash flows from operations of 42.4 million for the year ended May 31, 2023
compared with cash used in operations of 33.5 million for the year ended May 31, 2022. 

In
addition, working capital improved significantly during the final quarter of fiscal 2023. Subsequent to the ULHK Entities
Acquisition on February 21, 2023, the Company improved its working capital by either repaying certain of the loans with cash from
the acquired entities or restructuring the due date of such loans. At the time of the acquisition, the Company paid 3.5 million in
cash and assumed further 23.8 million as current liabilities and 1.5 million in noncurrent liabilities by either issuing
promissory notes to ULHK and FTS or by recognizing contingent liabilities at fair value on its balance sheet as of February 28,
2023. We recorded 3.8 million of the purchase price as goodwill, 6.5 million as intangibles and 10.9 million as
equity method investments. We classified all of these assets as noncurrent assets while recording most of the liabilities associated
with the acquisition as current liabilities, resulting in a temporary negative impact on working capital. Since the acquisition,
during its last fiscal quarter, the Company has paid off 10.3 million of the promissory notes issued to ULHK, restructured 7.3
million in current liabilities into long term debt and eliminated contingent liabilities in the amount of 1.8 million, leaving the
balance of the current debt due to ULHK at 4.5 million on May 31, 2023 a reduction of 19.3 million in current portion of long term
debt since the acquisition. 

As discussed in Item 1. Business, on March 10, 2023, we entered
into the Financing Agreement, which provides for an initial senior secured term loan in a principal
amount of approximately 4.2 million and a delayed draw term loan facility in principal amount of approximately 14.8 million, or up to
an aggregate of 19.0 million. On June 30, 2023, the Company drew additional funds on this line in the amount of 5.3 million for
repayment of short-term notes, leaving available balance at 9.5 million. The Company intends to use the remaining available balance to
pay any deferred expenses relating to the Transaction. The debt related to the Financing Agreement will be classified as a noncurrent
liability, which will have a positive effect on our working capital. 

In addition, the Company maintains its operating line of credit with TBK
Bank, SSB, under which TBK Bank will, from time to time, buy approved receivables from Unique Logistics, that has a credit limit up to
 47.5 million TBK Facility ). The prior TBK Facility matured on May 31, 2023, and on July 25, 2023 we entered into
an agreement with TBK Bank to renew the TBK Facility with a credit limit of up to 25.0 million. We believe that the funds available under
the current TBK Facility, together with cash flows generated by operating activities, will provide the Company with the cash required
to support its ongoing operations. 

While we continue to execute our strategic plan, growing Unique Logistics
and our customer base, management is focused on managing cash and monitoring the Company s liquidity position. We have implemented
several initiatives to conserve our liquidity position, including activities such as increasing credit facilities, when needed, reducing
the cost of debt by obtaining more favorable financing, controlling general and administrative expenditures, and improving our cash collection
processes. Many of the aspects of the liquidity plan involve management s judgments and estimates that include factors that could
be beyond our control and actual results could differ from our estimates. These and other factors could cause the strategic plan to be
unsuccessful, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Negative operating
capital may be an indicator that there could be a going concern issue, but based on its evaluation of the Company s projected cash
flows and business performance as of and subsequent to May 31, 2023, management has concluded that the Company s current cash and
cash availability under the TBK Facility as of May 31, 2023, would be sufficient to fund its planned operations and alleviates substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern for at least one year
from the date the consolidated financial statements were issued. 

34 

Cash
generated and used by the Company during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows: 

For the Year Ended, 
 May 31, 2023 
 For the Year Ended, 
 May 31, 2022 
 Change 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 34,055,608 
 (33,504,739 
 67,560,347 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 10,523,976 
 (72,001 
 10,595,977 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (39,260,997 
 34,746,518 
 (74,007,515 
 
 Effect of exchange rate on cash and equivalents 
 3,258 
 - 
 3,258 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 5,321,845 
 1,169,778 
 4,152,067 

Operating
activities provided cash of 34.1 million during the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to net cash used by operating activities of 33.5
million during the year ended May 31, 2022. The primary reason for the cash provided during 2023 was the 86.7 million collection on
accounts receivable and contact assets, offset by a 38.1 million reduction in accounts payable and accrued freight. It should be noted
that during the year ended May 31, 2022, the Company repurchased approximately 30.0 million of previously factored accounts receivable.
This repurchase created a negative impact on the operating cash flow that was fully offset by a positive cash flow impact from the investing
activities as the Company borrowed cash to repurchase these receivables. 

Investing
activities provided cash of 10.5 million during the year ended May 31, 2023 compared to cash used of 0.1 million during the year
ended May 31, 2022. During the year ended May 31, 2023, investing activities consisted of 8.8 million of cash received from the
acquisition of the ULHK Entities and recognition of the equity method investments (investments in non-consolidated subsidiaries) net
of cash paid and acquired in the amount of 2.0 million, offset by the cash used for purchases of equipment in the amount of 0.3
million. 

Financing
activities used cash of 39.3 million during the year ended May 31, 2023, primarily as a result of our repayment of 30.1 million on
the TBK Facility offset by borrowing 4.0 million in the form of a term debt and repayment of related party notes
during the year in the amount of 10.7 million. Financing activities provided cash in the amount of 34.7 million
during the year ended May 31, 2022, primarily because of borrowing of 38.0 million under the TBK Facility during the
year when the cost of freight increased significantly in the post-COVID period of unprecedented demand and the record high prices as
well as 2.0 million of proceeds from notes payable. These increases were offset by repayments of notes payable and related
party debt of 4.5 million. 

 Critical
Accounting Policies 

Accounting
policies, methods and estimates are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements prepared by management and are
based upon management s current judgments. These judgments are normally based on knowledge and experience regarding past and current
events and assumptions about future events. Certain accounting policies, methods and estimates are particularly sensitive because of
their significance to the financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting them may differ from management s
current judgments. While there are a number of accounting policies, methods and estimates that affect our consolidated financial
statements, the areas that are particularly significant include revenue recognition; the fair value of acquired assets and liabilities;
fair value of contingent consideration; the assessment of the recoverability of long-lived assets, goodwill and intangible assets; and
leases. 

35 

We
perform an impairment test of goodwill for each year unless events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred before that
time. We assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less
than the carrying amount. After assessing qualitative factors, if further testing is necessary, we would determine the fair value of
each reporting unit and compare the fair value to the reporting unit s carrying amount. 

Intangible
assets consist of customer relationships, trade names and trademarks and non-compete agreements arising from our acquisitions. Customer
relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over 12 to 15 years. Tradenames, trademarks and non-compete agreements, are amortized
on a straight-line basis over 3 to 10 years. 

We
review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the assets may not
be recoverable. If the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows over the remaining useful life of a long-lived asset is less
than its carrying amount, the asset is considered to be impaired. Impairment losses are measured as the amount by which the carrying
amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. When fair values are not available, we estimate fair value using the expected
future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with the risks associated with the recovery of the asset. Assets to be disposed of
are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

For the years ended May 31,
2023 and 2022, we conducted an annual review of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets and did not identify any impairment. 

Unique Logistics has identified derivative instruments arising from an antidilution provision in the Preferred Stock.
Each reporting period, the embedded derivative liability is adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end with changes in fair value
recorded in the change in fair value of embedded derivative liability financial statement line item of the Company s
statements of operations. 

Our
significant accounting policies are summarized in Note 1 of our consolidated financial statements. 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

We
define adjusted EBITDA to be earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, factoring fees, other income, net, stock-based
compensation and expenses, merger and acquisition costs, restructuring, transition and acquisitions expense, net, goodwill impairment
and certain other items. 

Adjusted
EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. We present adjusted EBITDA because
we believe that adjusted EBITDA is a useful supplement to net income as an indicator of operating performance. We use adjusted EBITDA
as a financial metric to measure the financial performance of the business because management believes that it provides additional information
with respect to the performance of our fundamental business activities. For this reason, we believe that adjusted EBITDA will also be
useful to others, including our stockholders, as a valuable financial metric. 

36 

Adjusted
EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to net income, as an indicator of performance or as an alternative to cash flows from
operating activities as an indicator of cash flows, in each case as determined in accordance with GAAP, or as a measure of liquidity.
In addition, adjusted EBITDA does not take into account changes in certain assets and liabilities as well as interest and income taxes
that can affect cash flows. We do not intend the presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure to be considered in isolation or as
a substitute for results prepared in accordance with GAAP. Such non-GAAP financial measure should be read only in conjunction with our
condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Following
is the reconciliation of our consolidated net income to adjusted EBITDA for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Net income (loss) available to common shareholders 
 8,201,773 
 (1,031,171 

Add Back: 

Deemed dividend 
 - 
 4,565,725 
 
 Income tax expense 
 1,388,983 
 2,414,298 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 1,270,462 
 782,351 
 
 Gain (loss) on forgiveness of promissory notes 
 - 
 (358,236 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of convertible notes 
 - 
 564,037 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (879,733 
 4,020,698 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent liability 
 (1,750,000 

Factoring fees 
 - 
 27,000 
 
 Interest expense (including accretion of debt discount) 
 3,836,511 
 6,349,067 
 
 Noncontrolling interest income (loss) 
 (12,795 
 - 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 12,055,201 
 17,333,769 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Pursuant
to Item 305(e) of Regulation S-K 229.305(e)), the Company is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
consolidated financials are submitted as a separate section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K beginning on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

37 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is
accumulated and communicated to our principal executive officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, the Company recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how
well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and we necessarily are
required to apply our judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible disclosure controls and procedures. 

Evaluation
of disclosure and controls and procedures 

As
of May 31, 2023, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their
objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of May 31,
2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations, a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Internal
control over financial reporting is defined, under the Exchange Act, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the issuer s board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those
policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the issuer; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

38 

The
Company s principal executive officers have assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting as of May 31, 2023. In making this assessment, the Company s principal executive officers were guided by the
releases issued by the SEC and to the extent applicable the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Update). The Company s principal executive
officers have concluded that based on their assessment, as of May 31, 2023, that our internal control over financial reporting were
not effective and require remediation in order to be effective at the reasonable assurance level. In addition, our auditors
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting during the audit of the fiscal year ended May 31,
2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. The material weaknesses identified relate to the fact that we did not design and maintain an effective control environment
commensurate with our financial reporting requirements, including (a) lack of a sufficient number of trained professionals with an
appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience and (b) we have not completed a full risk assessment of the internal controls at the activity level, including process
documentation and testing. In the course of preparing the financial statements for the
year ended May 31, 2023, we identified separate material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, which relates to
the ineffective design and implementation of information technology general controls ITGC combined with the lack of
properly designed management review controls to compensate for these deficiencies. The Company s ITGC deficiencies included
improperly designed controls pertaining to user access rights and segregation of duties over systems that are critical to the
Company s system of financial reporting. Management s general assessment of the above processes in light of the
company s size, maturity and complexity, as to the design and effectiveness of the internal control over financial reporting
is that the key controls and procedures in each of these processes provide reasonable assurance regarding reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and subsequently to year end we actively addressed and remediated a number of
previously identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting, including ITGC deficiencies and we
significantly improved our accounting processes, and documentation, introduced new accounting policies and procedures, upgraded our
accounting personnel and provided our employees with necessary tools and resources, but because we have not completed a full risk
assessment of the internal control over financial reporting at the activity level, including extensive process documentation and
testing, we are not able to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting are operating effectively and efficiently at
this time. The Company s principal executive officers and the board are fully committed to achieving full compliance by the
end of the fiscal year ending May 31, 2024. 

Readers
are cautioned that internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations and may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Therefore, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance with
respect to the financial statement preparation and presentation. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes, except for documenting our processes discussed above, in the Company s internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) during the last quarterly period
covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in
this annual report. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

No
event occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 or subsequent period that would have required disclosure
in a report on Form 8-K. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

The
following table sets forth, as of the date hereof, the names and ages of our executive officers and directors, and their respective positions
and offices held. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Sunandan
 Ray 
 
 65 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 Migdalia
 Diaz 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Eli Kay 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David
 Briones 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Patrick
 Lee 
 
 46 
 
 Director 

39 

Sunandan
Ray has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a Director of Unique Logistics since October 2020. Mr. Ray
has close to 30 years of experience in the logistics industry. He established and managed over 15 of ULHK s offices in
the United States and India with over 400 million in revenue. Prior to working with ULHK, Mr. Ray established and managed
operating companies on behalf of MSAS Cargo International (now part of DHL/Deutsche Post) in the United States, India, Sri
Lanka, Bangladesh, Mauritius and Turkey from 1989 to 1997. In 1997, Sunandan successfully negotiated with MSAS Cargo a management
buyout of the companies under his management and after building the group from 1997 to 2005 into a 50 million enterprise, it
was bought by French transportation company, Group Bollore. After the sale to Group Bollore in 2005, Mr. Ray continued as a
Senior Vice President in Group Bollore with responsibility for the Group s business on the Transpacific sector as well as in
the Indian subcontinent before joining the ULHK s New York based operating subsidiary in 2010. From 1992 through 1996,
Mr. Ray built and sold to a strategic investor a group of software companies, Sunrise Group, that had over 10 million in
revenue at the time of sale. Mr. Ray is a qualified Chartered Accountant (London, UK) who worked for 10 years with Price
Waterhouse (now PwC) in London, UK, The Hague, Netherlands and New York, New York from 1979 to 1989. He also holds a
Masters in Science (Technology) in Computer Science from the Birla Institute of Technology Science, in Pilani,
India. 

Migdalia Mickey Diaz has served as Chief Operating Officer of Unique Logistics since April 25, 2022. She brings over
32 years of experience in the logistics industry, with over 20 years in officer and senior management roles. Between 2018 and
April 2022, Ms. Diaz served as Senior Vice President Customer Experience for the Americas and as Vice President of Operations USA
at GEODIS, an international logistics provider. From 2011 to 2018, Ms. Diaz served as Vice President of Operations and board member at
Dachser USA, another international logistics company. From 2006 to 2011 Ms. Diaz served as a board member, Chief Operating Officer of
USA, and Chief Executive Officer Latin America of IJS Global, an international freight forwarder. The Unique Logistics board of directors
believes that Ms. Diaz s experience in management and operations and her extensive knowledge in logistics and international regulatory
requirements makes her ideally qualified to help lead it towards continued growth and success. 

Eli
Kay joined Unique Logistics as its Chief Financial Officer in April 2021. As Chief Financial Officer he is responsible for
all aspects of Unique Logistics financial management, including SEC reporting and compliance. Eli previously served as Chief Financial
Officer for Transit Wireless LLC, an exclusive provider of wireless infrastructure in the New York City Subway, from 2019 to 2020,
and prior to that as Chief Financial Officer for JFKIAT, a joint venture between Delta Airlines and Royal Schiphol Group with operations
at JFK International Airport, from 2016 to 2019. From 2013 to 2016 he served as Chief Financial Officer for the Chicago Skyway and the
Indiana Toll Road Concession Companies in Chicago, both owned by private equity infrastructure funds. He progressed through a series
of senior management positions in finance and accounting roles with two publicly traded companies in the manufacturing industry from
2006 to 2013. Eli started his career in public accounting in 1997 as an auditor and worked for 10 years primarily with PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP. Mr. Kay holds Bachelor of Science in Accounting and a Master s in Business Administration degrees, both from the
University of Oregon. Mr. Kay is a Certified Public Accountant. 

David
Briones has served as a member of the board of directors of Unique Logistics since October 2020. Mr. Briones is the
founder and managing member of the Brio Financial Group, a financial consulting firm that brings experienced finance and accounting expertise
to both public and private companies. Since 2010, Brio has served over 75 companies as well as numerous banks, hedge funds, venture capital
funds and private equity firms. Mr. Briones has provided several public companies in financial reporting, internal control development
and evaluation, budgeting and forecasting services. He has developed a specialty representing private companies as the outsourced Chief
Financial Officer Financial reporting specialist as a private company navigates toward becoming a public company through a self-filing,
a reverse merger or through a traditional initial public offering. In addition, Mr. Briones has served as the Chief Financial Officer
of Hoth Therapeutics, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing new generation therapies for unmet medical
needs, since March 2019. He also served as the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary, and a Director of Larkspur Health
Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company, from March 2021 to December 2022. From August 2013 to January 2020,
Mr. Briones served as Chief Financial Officer of Petro River Oil Corp., an independent energy company focused on the exploration
and development of conventional oil and gas assets. Mr. Briones also served as interim Chief Financial Officer of AdiTx Therapeutics,
Inc. (Nasdaq: ADTX), a pre-clinical stage, life sciences company with a mission to prolong life and enhance life quality of transplanted
patients, from January 2018 to July 2020 (until its initial public offering). From October 2017 to May 2018, Mr. Briones
served as the Chief Financial Officer of Bitzumi, Inc., a Bitcoin exchange and marketplace. Prior to founding Brio Financial Group, LLC,
Mr. Briones was an auditor with Bartolomei Pucciarelli, LLC in Lawrenceville, New Jersey and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in New York,
New York. Mr. Briones received a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting from Fairfield University. 

40 

Patrick
Lee has served as a member of the board of directors of Unique Logistics since October 2020. Mr. Lee combines over 15
years of experience in freight forwarding/warehousing senior management. Previously, he had been involved in two global companies in
the logistics industry, holding positions including Management Trainee, Business Development Coordinator, and Logistics Operations
Coordinator. From 2005 through 2012, Patrick was the Business Development Director for ULHK. From 2012 to 2017, Patrick served
ULHK in his capacity as Executive Vice President, and has served as its Group Chief Operating Officer since 2017 and as a member of
its board of directors since 2012. He has a Bachelor of Commerce from University of British Columbia (Canada) and an MSc in Supply
Chain Management from Cranfield University (England). 

Committees 

We
currently do not have any committees of the board of directors in place. Assuming the pending Edify transaction is consummated, the board of directors of the Combined Company will have an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance and nominating committee. In the event that the Merger is not consummated, we anticipate that we would form similar committees of the Company s
board of directors shortly after the termination of the Merger Agreement or when it otherwise
becomes clear that the Company will, at least for the time being, remain an independent company. 

Independent
Directors 

For
purposes of determining independence, the Company has adopted the definition of independent director as defined in
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). Pursuant to the definition, the Company has determined that one of its directors, David Briones,
currently qualifies as independent. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships amongst our officers and directors. 

41 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer, controller, and any person performing similar functions. We will provide a copy of the Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics to any person without charge, upon request; such requests should be directed to ir@unique-usa.com. We intend to disclose
on our website any amendments to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any waivers thereof with respect to such persons. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10 or more of
a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a). To the
Company s knowledge, based solely on a review of reports furnished to it, each person who was an officer, director or ten
percent beneficial owner during the year ended May 31, 2023 has made the required filings except (i) as previously disclosed by the Company and (2) David Briones did not file his Initial Statement of Beneficial
Ownership of Securities on Form 3, which was due 10 days after his becoming a director of the Company on October 8, 2020, until September
6, 2022. 

Legal
Proceedings 

On
June 15, 2021, Mr. Kay filed for personal bankruptcy through the filing of a Chapter 7 bankruptcy petition in New York federal court.
The aforementioned bankruptcy was discharged on March 23, 2022. 

With
the exception of the foregoing, during the past ten years, none of our current directors or executive officers has been: 

the
 subject of any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

convicted
 in a criminal proceeding or is subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

subject
 to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
 or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking
 activities; 

found
 by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a
 federal or state securities or commodities law, that has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

subject
 of, or a party to, any order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
 violation of a federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, law or regulation respecting financial institutions
 or insurance companies, law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

subject
 of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any
 registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
 or persons associated with a member. 

None
of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any beneficial owner of 5 or more of our Common Stock, or any associate of such persons,
is an adverse party in any material proceeding to, or has a material interest adverse to, us or any of our subsidiaries. 

42 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth the compensation earned
by Unique Logistics executive officers for their services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and
2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Other ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Sunandan Ray, 
 2023 
 290,140 
 325,898 
 19,500 (1) 
 635,538 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 282,319 
 316,406 
 19,500 (1) 
 618,225 

Migdalia Diaz, 
 2023 
 304,500 
 25,000 
 1,500 (3) 
 331,000 
 
 Chief Operating Officer (2) 
 2022 
 31,231 
 
 125 (3) 
 31,356 

Eli Kay, 
 2023 
 217,250 
 29,700 
 1,500 (3) 
 248,450 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 184,500 
 24,000 
 1,500 (3) 
 210,000 

(1) 
 Consists of automobile allowance of 18,000 and home office allowance. 

(2) 
 Ms. Diaz joined the Company on April 25, 2022. 

(3) 
 Consists of home office allowance. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-end 

Effective
November 20, 2020, the Board approved, authorized and adopted the Unique Logistics International, Inc. 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan
(the 2020 Plan and certain forms of ancillary agreements to be used in connection with the issuance of stock and/or options
pursuant to the 2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan provides for the issuance of up to 40,000,000 shares of
Common Stock through the grant of non-qualified options, incentive options and restricted stock to directors, officers, consultants, attorneys, advisors and employees. 

There
were no equity awards as of May 31, 2023 or 2022. 

Director
Compensation 

The
Company does not currently compensate its directors for their service in such capacity and did not do so during the years ended
May 31, 2023 or 2022. 

Employment
Agreements 

On
May 29, 2020, Unique Logistics and Sunandan Ray entered into an employment agreement, as amended pursuant to an amendment thereto effective
May 29, 2021, pursuant to which Mr. Ray has been employed by Unique Logistics to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.
Ray s employment agreement has an initial term of three years and automatically renews for successive consecutive one-year periods,
unless either party provides notice to the other party not more than 270 days and not less than 180 days before the end of the then-existing
term. The agreement provides that Mr. Ray will receive a base salary of 250,000 per year with annual increases at the rate of 3 , with
such increases applied on January 1 of each year. The employment agreement includes a performance-based bonus of up to 125 of the base
salary upon Unique Logistics achieving certain performance targets set forth in the agreement. The agreement also provides that Mr. Ray
is entitled to an annual car allowance of up to 18,000 and reimbursement for home office expenses, including without limitation the
purchase and maintenance of a home computer with linkup facilities to Unique Logistics, a home facsimile, printer and scanner, interconnection
of two telephone or cable connections to the Internet, laptop computer, portable mobile phone, together with any charges for the use
thereof. 

43 

Mr.
Ray s employment agreement also provides for other employment benefits and reimbursement provisions that are typical of such agreements. 

Upon
any termination of Mr. Ray s employment with Unique Logistics, except for a termination for Cause, as defined in the agreement,
Mr. Ray will be entitled to a payment equal to two years worth of the then-existing base salary and the prior year s bonus
and to retain the health, other medical, car allowance, home office, 401(k), life insurance, financial planning, and disability insurance
benefits set forth in Article IV of the agreement for the balance of its term. 

On
August 11, 2021, Unique Logistics and Mr. Kay entered into an employment agreement pursuant to which Mr. Kay serves as Unique Logistics 
Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Kay s employment agreement provides that his employment is at will, meaning that either
party can terminate his employment at any time for any reason, provided that Mr. Kay may not voluntarily terminate his employment upon
less than 30 days prior written notice or upon such shorter notice as Unique Logistics and Mr. Kay agree. Under Mr. Kay s employment
agreement, Mr. Kay will be paid an initial annual salary of 180,000, subject to annual review and adjustment, and a monthly home office
allowance of 125. Mr. Kay is also entitled to receive certain benefits such as health insurance, vacation, and other benefits consistent
with Unique Logistics benefit plans extended to its other executive employees. In addition, for the fiscal year ended May 31,
2021, and in each subsequent fiscal year, Mr. Kay will be eligible to receive an annual bonus at the discretion of Unique Logistics 
board of directors. 

In
the event that Unique Logistics terminates Mr. Kay s employment without Cause, as defined in the agreement, or Mr. Kay resigns
for Good Reason, as defined in the agreement, and he executes a release in favor of Unique Logistics substantially in the form attached
as an exhibit to the agreement not later than 30 days after his employment terminates, then Unique Logistics will continue to pay to
Mr. Kay his annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such termination for the six-month period following his last day of employment.
In addition, Unique Logistics will continue Mr. Kay s coverage under and its contributions towards his health care, dental, and
life insurance benefits on the same basis as immediately prior to the date of termination for the six-month period following his last
day of employment, unless and until he is actually covered or becomes covered by an equivalent benefit (at the same cost to Mr. Kay,
if any) from another source. In addition to the foregoing amounts, Unique Logistics is required to pay Mr. Kay, in a single lump sum,
a pro rata portion of any bonus (to the extent earned prior to such termination) for the year in which his termination occurs. Further,
all stock options granted by Unique Logistics and then held by Mr. Kay will be accelerated and become fully vested and exercisable as
of the date of his termination. 

On
April 25, 2022, Unique Logistics and Ms. Diaz entered into an employment agreement pursuant to which Ms. Diaz serves as Unique Logistics 
Chief Operating Officer. The agreement provides that Ms. Diaz employment is at will and that either party has the
right to terminate her employment at any time and for any or for no reason upon 90 days notice. Ms. Diaz employment agreement
provides that she will receive an annual salary of 304,500 and a monthly home office allowance of 125. Additionally, Ms. Diaz is eligible
for a discretionary performance incentive payment that, for the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023, may be up to 60 of her annual gross
salary (the Incentive Bonus ). Pursuant to the agreement, Ms. Diaz received an incentive advance of 25,000 upon
completion of six months of employment, which will be offset against the Incentive Bonus. The agreement also contains non-competition,
non-solicitation, and confidentiality provisions. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table sets forth, as of September 14, 2023, the number of shares of Common Stock owned by (i) each person who is known by
us to own of record or beneficially 5 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our
executive officers, and (iv) all of our directors and executive officers as a group. The address of our directors and officers is c/o
Unique Logistics Holdings, Inc. at 154-09 146 th Ave, Jamaica, NY 11434. 

Beneficial
ownership has been determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and is calculated based on 799,141,770 shares of Common Stock
issued and outstanding as of September 14, 2023. Shares of Common Stock subject to options, warrants, shares of Preferred Stock or other
securities convertible into Common Stock that are currently exercisable or convertible, or exercisable or convertible within 60 days
of September 14, 2023, are deemed outstanding (i) without regard to the fact that the Company is limited to 800,000,000 authorized shares
of Common Stock and (ii) for computing the percentage of the person holding the option, warrant, preferred stock, or convertible security
but not for computing the percentage of any other person. 

44 

The holders of Series A Preferred Stock and Series B Preferred Stock reflected
in the table below vote together with the holders of the Common Stock on an as converted basis on each matter submitted to a vote of holders
of Common Stock. With respect to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, Unique Logistics
may not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of the applicable series, (i) disproportionally
alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to, or alter or amend the Certificate of Designations of, such Series
of Preferred Stock, (ii) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that disproportionally adversely
affects any rights of the holders of such series of Preferred Stock, (iii) increase or decrease the number of authorized shares of such
series of Preferred Stock or (iv) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. Otherwise, holders of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock have no voting rights except as required by law. 

Except
as indicated by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the
table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock that they beneficially own, except to the
extent that power may be shared with a spouse. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Total
 Shares Beneficially Owned 
 
 of Unique Logistics Common Stock Outstanding 
 
 5 
 Beneficial Stockholders 

Great
 Eagle Freight Limited (1) 
 1,002,015,791 
 10.4 
 
 3a
 Capital Establishment (2) 
 1,130,954,399 
 12.5 
 
 Trillium
 Partners LP (3) 
 1,206,351,359 
 12.5 
 
 Douglas
 Tabor (4) 
 43,878,000 
 0.5 

Officers
 and Directors 

Sunandan
 Ray (5) 
 4,693,413,109 
 48.5 
 
 David
 Briones (6) 
 193,543,162 
 2.0 
 
 Patrick
 Lee 
 
 0.01 
 
 Eli
 Kay 

Migdalia
 Diaz 

Officers
 and Directors as a Group (5 persons) 
 4,886,956,270 
 50.5 

(1)
 
 Great
 Eagle Freight Limited beneficially owns no shares of Common Stock and 153,062 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that convert at
 a rate of 6,646.47 shares Common Stock for every one share of Series B Preferred Stock. Mr. Richard Chi Tak Lee has sole voting and
 dispositive power over the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Great Freight Limited. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents
 the maximum number of shares of Common Stock that 3a can beneficially control under a contractually stipulated 9.99 ownership restriction.
 3a beneficially owns no shares of Common Stock and 180 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that convert at a rate
 of 6,283,080 shares of Common Stock for every one share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Nicola Feuerstein has sole
 voting and dispositive power over the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by 3a. 
 
 (3) 
 Stephen
 M. Hicks has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Trillium. 
 
 (4)
 
 Douglas
 Tabor reported in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 15, 2023, that he has sole voting and investment power of 40,878,000
 shares of Common Stock and shared voting and dispositive power with Texas Time Express, Inc., a Texas corporation, of 3,000,000 shares
 of Common Stock. Mr. Tabor is the President of Texas Time Express, Inc. 
 
 (5) 
 Sunandan
 Ray owns 322,086,324 shares of Common Stock and 667,738 shares of Series B Preferred Stock that convert at a rate of 6,546.47 shares
 of Common Stock for every one share of Series B Preferred Stock. 
 
 (6)
 
 David
 Briones owns no shares of Common Stock and 20,000 shares of Series A Convertible Stock that convert at a rate of 6,546.47 shares
 of Common Stock for every one share of Series A Preferred Stock. 

45 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
following is a summary of transactions to which Unique Logistics has been or will be a party in which the amount involved exceeded
or exceeds or will exceed 120,000 and in which any of Unique Logistics directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5 of any class
of its capital stock, or any immediate family member of, or person sharing a household with, any of these individuals, had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest, other than compensation arrangements that are described under the section of this proxy
statement/consent solicitation statement/prospectus titled Executive Compensation . 

Other
than as disclosed below, there have been no transactions involving Unique Logistics since the beginning of its last fiscal year, or any
currently proposed transactions, in which Unique Logistics was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds 120,000 or
1 of the average of Unique Logistics total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any related person
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Assumption
of Liability 

On
October 8, 2020, Unique Logistics Holdings, Inc., a privately held Delaware corporation headquartered in New York ULHI ),
the Company, and Unique Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an Agreement
and Plan of Merger and Reorganization pursuant to which, on that date, Unique Acquisition Corp. was merged with and into ULHI, with ULHI
surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. As a result, the ULHI stockholders became the majority stockholders of the Company.
Immediately following the closing of the merger, the Company changed its business plan to that of ULHI. On January 11, 2021, the
Company filed a certificate of amendment to its articles of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada for the
adoption of amended and restated articles of incorporation that, among other things, changed the Company s name to Unique Logistics
International, Inc. 

Pursuant
to this merger, Unique Logistics assumed debt in the amount of 903,927 due to FTS, which is owned by Sunandan Ray, Unique Logistics 
President and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to a promissory note. The promissory note was originally issued to FTS by ULHK and was
assumed by ULHI in connection with its purchase from ULHK of ULHK s membership interests in its three U.S.-based majority-owned
subsidiaries in May 2020 The note is due on demand and is non-interest bearing. The principal amount of this promissory note bears no
interest, provided that any amount due under the note that is not paid when due shall bear interest at an interest rate equal to 6 per
annum. The principal amount is due and payable in six payments of 150,655, and the first payment was due on November 30, 2021, with
each succeeding payment to be made six months after the preceding payment. As of May 31, 2023, the amount payable and outstanding under
this note was 301,309. 

Purchase
of Equity Interests 

As
discussed above, on February 21, 2023, Unique Logistics purchased 458,370 shares of the ULHK Entity located in India that were owned
by FTS, which is owned by the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Company paid the
 500,000 purchase price for the shares by issuance to FTS of a promissory note bearing no interest that matures on February 21, 2025. 

Consulting
Agreements 

Unique
Logistics entered into a Consulting Services Agreement on May 29, 2020 for a term of three years with Great Eagle Freight Limited
pursuant to which Unique Logistics paid 500,000 per year until the expiration of the agreement on May 28, 2023. The fair value of
the services was determined to be less than the cash payments and the difference was recorded as a contingent liability on Unique
Logistics consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the life of the agreement. The unamortized balances were 0 and
 282,666 as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively. All amounts due to Great Eagle under this agreement
are fully settled and there is no contingent liability remaining. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 492,000 
 212,000 
 
 Audit related fees 
 - 
 57,000 
 
 Tax services fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total: 
 492,000 
 269,000 

46 

Audit
Fees: Audit fees incurred for the annual audit of the Company s financial statements included as part of our Form 10-K
filing and audit related services including the quarterly reviews associated with our Form 10-Q filings. 

Audit-Related
Fees: Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Services Fees: Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services for tax compliance. These services include assistance
regarding federal, state, and local tax compliance. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

a.
Exhibits 

(a) 
 Exhibits. 

Exhibit 

Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated October 8, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 10/13/2020 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Edify Merger Sub, Inc., and Unique Logistics International, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 12/19/2022 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred of Innocap, Inc., dated October 7, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/13/2020 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred of Innocap, Inc., dated October 7, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/13/2020 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 7, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 7, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 8, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.4 
 
 12/13/2021 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 15, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.5 
 
 01/14/2022 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Correction to Certificate Designation of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., dated December 15, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.6 
 
 01/14/2022 

3.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 01/14/2021 

3.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/09/2021 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on April 26, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 04/29/2022 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 10/07/2022 

3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 10/07/2022 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on October 4, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.3 
 
 10/07/2022 

3.15 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 31, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.1 
 
 04/20/2023 

3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 31, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.2 
 
 04/20/2023 

3.17 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of Unique Logistics International, Inc., filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on March 31, 2023 
 
 10-Q 
 
 3.3 
 
 04/20/2023 

47 

10.1 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 28, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.2 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International (India) Private Limited), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.3 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (ULI (North East China) Company Limited), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.4 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International Co., Ltd.), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.5 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (TGF Unique Limited), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.6 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International (H.K.) Limited), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.7 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd.), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.8 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International (ULI (South China)) Limited), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.9 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement (Unique Logistics International (South China) Limited), dated September 13, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.9 
 
 09/19/2022 

10.10 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 23, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.11 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.12 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for Unique Logistics International (India) Private Limited, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited. 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.13 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for ULI (North East China) Company Limited, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 02/27/2023 

48 

10.14 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for Unique Logistics International Co., Ltd., dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement TGF Unique Limited, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for Unique Logistics International (H.K.) Limited, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for Unique Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd., dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for Unique Logistics International (South China) Limited, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.9 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Share Sale and Purchase Agreement for ULI (South China) Limited, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.10 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.11 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.21 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 4,500,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.12 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.22 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.13 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.23 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 5,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.24 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.25 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 1,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.26 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 2,500,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.17 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.27 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 2,000,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.28 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 21, 2023, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.19 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.29 
 
 Promissory Note in the principal amount of 500,000, dated February 21, 2023, in favor of Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.20 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.30 
 
 Shareholders Agreement for ULI (South China) Company Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.21 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.31 
 
 Shareholders Agreement for TGF Unique Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.22 
 
 02/27/2023 

49 

10.32 
 
 Share Purchase and Asset Transfer Agreement for ULI (North and East China) Company Limited and Supplement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.23 
 
 02/27/2023 

10.33 
 
 Financing Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistics Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., Alter Domus (US) LLC, CB Agent Services LLC, CB Participations SPV, LLC, and CP IV SPV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.34 
 
 Fee Letter, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., Alter Domus (US) LLC, and CB Agent Services LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.35 
 
 Security Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.36 
 
 Collateral Assignment, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.37 
 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc., Unique Logistic Holdings, Inc., Unique Logistics International (NYC), LLC, Unique Logistics International (BOS), Inc., Unique Logistics International (India) Private Ltd., ULI (North East China) Company Limited, Unique Logistics International (H.K.) Limited, ULI (South China) Limited, Unique Logistics International (South China) Limited, Unique Logistics International (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Unique logistics International Limited, and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.38 
 
 Agent Fee Letter, dated March 10, 2023, by and among Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Alter Domus (US) LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 03/14/2023 

10.39 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 29, 2020, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Sunandan Ray 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 10/13/2020 

10.40 
 
 Amendment dated as of May 29, 21, to Employment Agreement by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Sunandan Ray 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 06/03/2021 

10.41 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2021, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Eli Kay 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/16/2021 

10.42 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 25, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Migdalia Diaz 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 04/26/2022 

10.43 
 
 Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., and various parties thereto 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/19/2022 

10.44 
 
 Company Voting and Support Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Unique Logistics International, Inc., Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. and Great Eagle Freight Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/19/2022 

10.45 
 
 Sponsor Support Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., Colbeck Edify Holdings, LLC, Unique Logistics International, Inc. and the other parties thereto. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 12/19/2022 

10.46 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and between Unique Logistics International, Inc. and Unique Logistics Holdings Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 12/19/2022 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 10-K 
 
 21.1 
 
 08/31/2021 

31.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Principal Executive Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Principal Financial Officer Certification Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document. 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

X 

b.
Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

50 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
 September 15, 2023 
 UNIQUE
 LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Sunandan Ray 

Sunandan
 Ray 

Chief
 Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sunandan Ray 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 September 15, 2023 
 
 Sunandan
 Ray 
 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Eli Kay 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 September 15, 2023 
 
 Eli
 Kay 
 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/
 David Briones 
 
 Director 
 
 September 15, 2023 
 
 David
 Briones 

/s/
 Patrick Lee 
 
 Director 
 
 September 15, 2023 
 
 Patrick
 Lee 

51 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 May
31, 2023 

Page(s) 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Unique
Logistics International, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Unique Logistics International, Inc. (the Company as of May
31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity and
cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended
May 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Valuation
of Intangible Assets for Business Combination 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 2 to the financial statements, on February 21, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Unique Logistics Holdings
Limited (the ULHL ), whereby the Company acquired all ULHL s share capital in eight of ULHL s operating subsidiaries
for total consideration of approximately 28.8 million. As of the date of the acquisition, the purchase price was allocated to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, based on their respective fair values identified including intangible assets with aggregate fair values
of approximately 6.5 million. The Company, with the assistance of third-party valuation experts, estimated the fair values of
the identified intangible assets using valuation models including the multi-period excess earning method. Determining the fair value
of the intangible assets acquired required management to make significant judgments, including the revenue growth rate assumption,
attrition rate, selling and marketing adjustment and discount rate. 

We
identified the valuation of identified intangible assets as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management
to estimate the fair value and the sensitivity of the fair value to the significant underlying assumptions, which include the revenue
growth rate assumption, attrition rate, selling and marketing adjustment, and discount rate. These significant assumptions are forward
looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment and effort
in performing procedures and evaluating management s fair value measurement of the acquired customer relationships. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the valuation of identified intangible assets included the following, among others: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the design of controls associated with management s process
 for estimating the fair value of the acquired identified intangible assets. 

We
 assessed the reasonableness of management s projections by comparing the projections
 used to the historical financial results of the acquired businesses and reviewing
 the industry outlook reports prepared by third-parties. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the attrition rate by reviewing third party assessment of
 customer attrition. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the Earnings Before Income Tax EBIT computation by reviewing the
underlying data utilized in the adjustments made to historical EBIT and tested the mathematical accuracy. 

With
 the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation
 methodology and the following significant valuation assumption: 

Discount
 rate by testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rate,
 testing mathematical accuracy of the calculation, and reconciling the weighted average cost
 of capital, weighted average return on assets and internal rate of return. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

llp 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

September 14, 2023 

F- 2 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

May 31, 2023 
 May 31, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Other current assets and prepaids 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other noncurrent assets: 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Equity-method investments 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Deferred tax asset, net 
 - 

Deferred offering cost 

Other noncurrent assets 

Total other noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and current liabilities 

Accrued freight 

Contract liabilities 
 - 

Revolving credit facility 

Current portion of notes payable 
 - 

Current portion of notes payable to related parties 

Current portion of notes payable 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 

Notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Notes payable to related parties, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Derivative liabilities 

Deferred tax liability, net 
 
 - 
 
 Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total noncurrent liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred Stock, par value: shares authorized 

Series A Convertible Preferred stock, par value; and issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Liquidation preference at May 31, 2023 

Series B Convertible Preferred stock,
 
 par value; 
 issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Liquidation preference of 
 at May 31, 2023 

Series C Convertible Preferred stock,
 
 par value; ,
issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Liquidation preference 
 million at May 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series D Convertible Preferred stock, par value; and , issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Liquidation preference million at May 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 

Common stock, 
 par value; shares authorized;
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 - 
 
 Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity attributable to common shareholder 

Equity attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 
 - 
 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Revenues: 

Airfreight services 

Ocean freight and ocean services 

Contract logistics 

Customs brokerage and other services 

Total revenues 

Equity method earnings 
 
 - 

Costs and operating expenses: 

Airfreight services 

Ocean freight and ocean services 

Contract logistics 

Customs brokerage and other services 

Salaries and related costs 

Professional fees 

Rent and occupancy 

Selling and promotion 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 
 - 

Other expense 

Total costs and operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of promissory note 
 - 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Loss on extinguishment of convertible note 
 - 

Change in fair value of contingent liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Other income 

Total other income (expenses) 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Deemed dividend 
 - 

Net income (loss) before allocation to
 noncontrolling interests 

Noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 

Net income (loss) attributable to
 for common shareholders 

Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders
 per common share 

basic 
 
 - 
 
 diluted 
 - 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

basic 

diluted 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

UNIQUE LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

For the Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 For the Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Net Income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Deemed dividend 
 - 

Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 
 
 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common shareholder 

F- 5 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

earning 

Equity 

Interest 

Equity 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 

Series
 B Preferred Stock 

Series
 C Preferred Stock 

Series
 D Preferred Stock 
 
 Common
 Stock 

Additional
 Paid in 

Accumulated
 Comprehensive 

Retained 

Total
 Stockholders 
 equity 
 attributable 

Non-
 Controlling 

Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

income 

earning 

to
 registrant 

Interest 

Equity 
 
 Balance,
 June 1, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of Preferred B to Common Stock 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of debt to preferred C and D 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of Preferred D to Common Stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of Common Stock for the conversion of notes and accrued interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Deemed
 Dividend 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

) 

- 

) 

Net
 income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance,
 May 31 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 

Series B Preferred Stock 

Series C Preferred Stock 

Series D 
 Preferred Stock 

Common
 Stock 

Additional 

 Paid in 

Accumulated Comprehensive 

Retained 

Total
 Stockholders 
 equity 
 attributable 

Non-Controlling 

Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

income 

earning 

to
 registrant 

Interest 

Equity 

Balance,
 May 31 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of Preferred A to Common Stock 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of Preferred D to Common Stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Recognition
 of non-controlling interest upon acquisition 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 income (loss) 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

Balance,
 May 31, 2023 

- 

- 

Balance 

- 

- 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
 the Year Ended May
 31, 2023 
 For
 the Year Ended May
 31, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net
 cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 
 - 

Amortization of right of
 use assets 

Bad debt expense 
 - 

Gain on forgiveness of
 notes payable 
 - 

Loss on extinguishment
 of notes payable 
 - 

Change
 in net deferred tax provision 

Change in fair value of
 derivative liabilities 

Accretion of consulting
 agreement 
 - 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Factoring reserve 
 - 

Other prepaid expenses
 and other current assets 

Deposits and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other
 current liabilities 

Accrued freight 

Contract liabilities 

Le ase liability 

Net
 Cash Provided by (used in) Operating Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and
 equipment 

Equity method investments, net of income 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition
 of business, net of cash acquired 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash Provided by (used in) Investing Activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING
 ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayments of notes payable 

Repayments of debt due
 to related parties 

Deferred offering costs 

Revolving credit facility,
 net 

Net
 Cash (used in) Provided by Financing Activities 

Effect of exchange rate on cash and equivalents 
 
 - 

Net change in cash and cash
 equivalents 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - Beginning of year 

Cash
 and cash equivalents - End of year 

SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW
 INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the year for: 

Income taxes 

Interest 

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE
 OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Operating lease asset
 and liability additions 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash consideration
 paid in business acquisition (Note 2) 
 
 - 
 
 Conversion
 of preferred shares to common stock 

Issuance of common stock
 for the conversion of principal net of accrued interest capitalized to principal to notes payable 
 - 

Reduction of debt due
 to exchange of convertible notes for preferred shares Series C D 
 - 

Derivative liability
 recognized related to exchange of convertible notes for preferred shares Series C and D 
 - 

See
notes to accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

UNIQUE
LOGISTICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 May
31, 2023 

million compared to 
million as of May 31, 2022. The Company also reported positive net income of 
million compared with 
million for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company also generated positive cash flows from operations of
 
million compared with cash used in operations of 
million for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company made payments during the last fiscal quarter on promissory notes issued in relation to the ULHK Entities Acquisition (see Note
2) on February 21, 2023. At the time of the acquisition, the Company paid 
 million in cash and assumed further 
 million as current liabilities and 
 million in noncurrent liabilities by either issuing
promissory notes to ULHK and FTS or by recognizing contingent liabilities at fair value on its balance sheet as of February 28,
2023. Since the acquisition, during its last fiscal quarter, the Company has paid off 
 million of the promissory notes issued to ULHK,
restructured 
 million in current liabilities into long term
debt and eliminated contingent liabilities in the amount of 
 million, leaving the balance of the current debt
due to ULHK at 
 million on May 31, 2023 a reduction of 
 million in current portion of long term debt
since the acquisition. 

On March 10, 2023, the Company entered into the Financing Agreement (Note 8 Financing Arrangements Term Debt ), which provides for an
initial senior secured term loan in a principal amount of approximately 
million and a delayed draw term loan facility in principal amount of approximately 
million, or up to an aggregate of 
million. On June 30, 2023, the Company drew additional funds on this line in the amount of 
million for repayment of short-term notes, leaving available balance at 
million. The Company intends to use the remaining available balance to pay any deferred expenses relating to the Transaction. The
debt related to the Financing Agreement will be classified as a noncurrent liability, which will have a positive effect on our
working capital. 

In
addition, the Company maintains its operating line of credit with TBK Bank, SSB, under which TBK Bank will, from time to time, buy approved
receivables from Unique Logistics, that has a credit limit up to million TBK Facility ). The prior TBK Facility matured
on May 31, 2023, and on July 25, 2023 we entered into an agreement with TBK Bank to renew the TBK Facility with a credit limit of
up to million. We believe that the funds available under the current TBK Facility, together with cash flows generated by operating
activities, will provide the Company with the cash required to support its ongoing operations. 

While
we continue to execute our strategic plan, growing Unique Logistics and our customer base, management is focused on managing cash and
monitoring the Company s liquidity position. We have implemented several initiatives to conserve our liquidity position, including
activities such as increasing credit facilities, when needed, reducing the cost of debt by obtaining more favorable financing, controlling
general and administrative expenditures, and improving our cash collection processes. Many of the aspects of the liquidity plan involve
management s judgments and estimates that include factors that could be beyond our control and actual results could differ from
our estimates. These and other factors could cause the strategic plan to be unsuccessful, which could have a material adverse effect
on our operating results, financial condition, and liquidity. Negative operating capital may be an indicator that there could be a going
concern issue, but based on its evaluation of the Company s projected cash flows and business performance as of and subsequent
to May 31, 2023, management has concluded that the Company s current cash and cash availability under the TBK Facility as of May
31, 2023, would be sufficient to fund its planned operations and alleviates substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern for at least one year from the date the consolidated financial statements
were issued. 

Cash Received in advance and not recognized
 as revenue 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reclassification of the beginning contract
 assets to receivables, as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional 
 
 - 
 
 Current year contract assets recognized, net reclassification to receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Net change 

Significant
Changes in Contract Asset and Contract Liability Balances for the year ended May 31, 2022: 

Contract Assets Increase (Decrease) 
 Contract Liabilities (Increase) Decrease 

Reclassification of the beginning contract liabilities to revenue, as the result of performance obligation satisfied 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash Received in advance and not recognized as revenue 
 - 

Reclassification of the beginning contract assets to receivables, as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional 
 
 - 
 
 Prior year contract assets recognized, net reclassification to receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Net change 

Disaggregation
of Revenue from Contracts with Customers 

Southeast Asia 

United States 

India Sub-continent 

Other 

Total revenue 

million and million, respectively. 

Concentrations 

As
of May 31, 2023, three major customers represented approximately 
of all accounts receivable and no single customer represented more than 
of total accounts receivable. Revenue from these customers in the aggregate as a percentage of the Company s total revenue was
 
for the year ended May 31, 2023, and no single customer represented more than 
of total revenue. 

As
of May 31, 2022, three major customers represented approximately of all accounts receivable as of May 31, 2022 and no single customer
represented more than . Revenue from these customers in the aggregate as a percentage of the Company s total revenue was ,
with customer A at , customer B at and Customer C . 

years 

Computer
 equipment 

years 

Furniture
 and fixtures 

years 

Leasehold
 improvements 

Both
the useful life of an asset and its residual value, if any, are reviewed annually. 

Expenditures
for repairs and maintenance are charged to expense as incurred. For assets sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any related gain or loss is reflected in income for the period. The Company did not record
any impairment for the year ended May 21, 2023 or May 31, 2022. 

to years. Customer relationships are amortized on a straight-line
basis over to years. 

The
Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of May 31 or if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the fair
value of the entity, or the reporting unit, may be below its carrying amount (a triggering event ). Whenever events or circumstances
change, entities have the option to first make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of goodwill impairment. If impairment is
deemed more likely than not, management would perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. Otherwise, the two-step impairment test
is not required. In assessing the qualitative factors, the Company assessed relevant events and circumstances that may impact the fair
value and the carrying amount of the reporting unit. The identification of the relevant events and circumstances and how these may impact
a reporting unit s fair value or carrying amount involve significant judgements and assumptions. The judgement and assumptions
include the identification of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, Company specific
events and share price trends, an assessment of whether each relevant factor will impact the impairment test positively or negatively,
and the magnitude of such impact. 

If
a quantitative assessment is performed, a reporting unit s fair value is compared to its carrying value. A reporting unit s
fair value is determined based upon consideration of various valuation methodologies, including the income approach, which utilizes projected
future cash flows discounted at rates commensurate with the risks involved and multiples of current and future earnings. If the fair
value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount
exceeds the reporting unit s fair value; however, the loss recognized cannot exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that
reporting unit. 

We
test goodwill for impairment annually in the fiscal fourth quarter or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying value may
not be recoverable. For the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 the Company conducted its annual review of impairment of goodwill and intangible
assets and no impairment was identified. 

in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Changes in fair value 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liabilities as May 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

Addition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Change in fair value 
 - 
 - 

Derivative liabilities as May 31, 2023 
 - 
 - 

The
underlying value of the anti-dilution provision is calculated from estimating the probability and value of the provision assuming a near
term financing event, defined as a capital raise, for the Company this would be a Merger with Edify Acquisition Corp. and Edify Merger
Sub, Inc. For the period ended May 31, 2022, the model used estimates the potential that the company completes a capital raise prior
to the expiration of the anti-dilution feature and determines the value of the anti-dilution feature given these assumptions. The model
required the use of certain assumptions. These assumptions include the probability of a raise is completed, probability certain anti-dilution
features are extended, estimated raise amount, term to a capital raise, and an appropriate risk-free interest rate. For the period ended
May 31, 2023, due to changes in the way antidilutive shares of Convertible Preferred Series A, C and D would be exchanged in the near
future for common stock, and the fact that the antidilution provision of these shares was extended through December 31, 2023, the assumptions
were changed to include probability of the financing event, estimated value of common stock at the exchange point and estimated time
to financing event. 

Probability of financing event or capital raise 

Estimated capital raise 
 - 
 
 million 
 
 Estimated value of common stock 
 
 per share 
 - 
 
 Estimated time to financing event 
 
 years 
 
 years 

Income
Taxes 

Income
taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method of accounting. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the future tax consequences attributed to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases, the tax effect of loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
income in the period that includes the enactment date. A valuation allowance is established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets
to amounts expected to be realized. 

The
Company uses a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain income tax positions (tax contingencies). The first step is to
evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not the
position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes. The second step is to measure the
tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many
factors when evaluating its tax positions and estimating our tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments, and which may not
match the ultimate future outcome. 

U.S.
corporate income tax laws and regulations include a territorial tax framework and provisions for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI)
under which taxes on foreign income are imposed on the excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of certain foreign subsidiaries,
Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT) under which taxes are imposed on certain base eroding payments to affiliated foreign companies
as well as U.S. income tax deductions for Foreign-derived intangible income (FDII). The Company treats BEAT and GILTI as discrete adjustments
as components of current income tax expense. 

Earnings
of the Company s foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. 

Effect of dilutive securities: 
 - 
 - 

Diluted net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic 

Dilutive
 securities: 

Series
 A Preferred 
 
 - 
 
 Series
 B Preferred 
 
 - 
 
 Series
 C Preferred 
 
 - 
 
 Series
 D Preferred 
 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding
 and assumed conversion diluted 

Basic net income per
 common share 
 0.01 
 (0.00 

Diluted net income per
 common share 
 0.00 
 (0.00 

Due to a net loss for the year ended
May 31, 2022, only weighted average common shares are used in calculations. As May 31, 2022, the Company s dilution of all outstanding
securities would be as follows: 

Series A Preferred 

Series B Preferred 

Series C Preferred 

Series D Preferred 

Weighted average common shares outstanding and assumed conversion diluted 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International (Vietnam) Co., Ltd. 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 ULI
 (South China) Limited 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International (South China) Limited 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International (India) Private Ltd. 

Consolidated
 subsidiary 
 
 ULI
 (North East China) Company Limited 

Equity-method
 investment 
 
 Unique
 Logistics International Co., Ltd 

Equity-method
 investment 
 
 TGF
 Unique Limited 

Equity-method
 investment 

Purchase
Price 

The
total fair value of the consideration recorded as of the acquisition date was 
million 
million net of million cash acquired as part of operating capital). 

Promissory
 Notes 

- 

- 

(Taiwan) 

- 

(Vietnam) 

- 

Contingent
 considerations 

- 

Purchase
 Price 

Promissory
Notes 

As
part of the acquisition, the Company issued certain promissory notes consisting of the following: 

Promissory
Note 1 in the principal amount of which matures , having an interest rate of . 

Promissory
Note 2 in the principal amount of which matures , having an interest rate of . 

Promissory
Note 3 in the principal amount of which matures , having an interest rate of 

Promissory
Note 4 in the principal amount of which matures and bearing no interest. 

Promissory
Note 5 in the principal amount of for the remaining share capital of Unique Logistics International (India) Private Ltd.
acquired by the Company from Frangipani Trade Services, Inc. FTS ), a New York corporation owned by Sunandan Ray, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, maturing and bearing no interest. 

Promissory
Note 6 in the principal amount of 
 due (the Initial Taiwan Maturity Date ),
bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided that all government and other regulatory approvals necessary or required
by Taiwan in order to consummate the Transaction as the same relates to Unique-Taiwan (the Taiwan Approvals have been
received by the Initial Taiwan Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Taiwan Approvals have not been received by the Taiwan Maturity
Date, payment under this promissory note will be due and payable within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the Taiwan Approvals. This promissory
note was issued in lieu of cash otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of Unique-Taiwan. The Company
received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Taiwan on June 1, 2023 and the Company and ULHK entered into an amended and restated
promissory note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Taiwan on August 31, 2023, to extend its maturity date to July 31, 2024
and to provide for interest to be accrued at an annual rate of . 

Promissory
Note 7 in the principal amount of 
due (the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date ), bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided
that all government and other regulatory approvals necessary or required by Vietnam in order to consummate the Transaction as the
same relates to Unique-Vietnam (the Vietnam Approvals have been received by the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date; or (b)
in the event that the Vietnam Approvals have not been received by the Vietnam Maturity Date, payment under this promissory note will
be due and payable within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the Vietnam Approvals. This promissory note was issued in lieu of cash
otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of Unique-Vietnam. The Vietnam Approvals are yet to be
obtained. As of September 8, 2023, the Company and ULHK entered into an amendment to the promissory note with respect to the
Purchased Shares in Unique-Vietnam that extended the maturity date of that note to 12 months after receipt of the Vietnam approvals, although as we have not received the required
approvals with respect to Unique-Vietnam this note has not yet become payable. 

Contingent
Considerations 

As part of ULHK Entities Acquisition the Company issued two additional promissory notes, in lieu of cash, as payment of certain milestones set forth in the SPA that
were already achieved: 

Promissory Note 8 in the principal amount of originally due
on , having an interest rate of . This Promissory Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided
for under the SPA. Subsequently this note was adjusted to reflect Net Asset Adjustments related to the entities acquired and the maturity
date was extended to October 31, 2023. As of May 31, 2023, the face value of the note approximated its fair value at and interest
was accrued accordingly. 

Promissory
Note 9 in the principal amount of 
 due on , and bearing no interest. This Promissory
Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA 

In
addition to the purchase price discussed above, ULHK was eligible for a one-time cash earn-out payment in the amount of (i) ,
if the EBITDA of the Company s acquired portion of the subsidiaries acquired from ULHK Purchased Shares, in the aggregate,
exceeded 
for the one-year period beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending June 30, 2023 (the Earn Out Period ), or (ii) ,
if the EBITDA of the Company s acquired portion of the subsidiaries acquired from ULHK Purchased Shares, in the aggregate, it
was equal to or less than 
but exceeded ,
for the Earn Out Period, in each case, to be paid by the Company within 90 days of June 30, 2023. At the date of acquisition,
management estimated fair value of the earnout payment based on the actual up to date performance of the acquired entities and the
probability of the earn out payment occurrence to be at 
as of February 28, 2023. Subsequent to year end, it was confirmed that the applicable milestone was not achieved, and this
contingency was released through the statement of operations as change in fair value of the contingent liability in the amount of
 
million as a non-recurring level 3 measurement. 

In accordance with
Amendment No. 1 to the Stock Purchase Agreement. million of the cash portion of the purchase price was used to establish a reserve
against certain potential existing and contingent liabilities relating to certain of the ULHK Entities that had not been disclosed to
the Company as of the date of the original Stock Purchase Agreement. To the extent that any claims related to such undisclosed liabilities
are asserted on or before February 20, 2024, any amounts that the relevant ULHK Entities pay upon settlement or are found liable for
by a competent court, tribunal or governmental authority will be paid to Unique Logistics up to the million amount of the reserve.
If no such claims are made then the entire million reserve, or the amount left, if any, after deducting such settlement or liability
amounts, will be released to ULHK. The Company and ULHK are still in the process of evaluating the impact of potential tax issues in
Unique-Vietnam and any potential liabilities resulting therefrom that the Company would be responsible for and that would be reimbursable
pursuant to the reserve. The Company and ULHK have also discussed reducing the amount of the million Promissory Note 9 due and payable
on February 21, 2024, by the amount of any such liabilities in lieu of having the Company reimbursed from the monies held in reserve. 

Purchase
Price Allocation 

The
Company obtained full control of five subsidiaries during the acquisition identified above and consolidated these subsidiaries as of
the acquisition date. US GAAP requires an acquirer to recognize the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling
interest in the acquirer at the acquisition date, measured at their fair values as of that date. The acquisition method of accounting
requires extensive use of estimates and judgments to allocate the considerations transferred to the identifiable tangible and intangible
assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

- 

Current Assets 
 
 - 

Equity in net assets of affiliated companies 
 
 - 

Identifiable intangible assets 
 
 - 

Other noncurrent assets 
 
 - 

Total Assets 
 
 - 

Liabilities Assumed: 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 
 - 

Total Liabilities 

Less noncontrolling interest 
 
 - 

Goodwill 

Purchase Price 
 
 - 

The total
amount of goodwill recognized during the initial transaction was recorded
on the balance sheet. Subsequently, goodwill was adjusted for the impact of deferred income tax liability related to the
acquisitions and accounted for it as a measurement period adjustment in the amount of . The goodwill acquired is primarily
attributable to the workforce retained of the acquired businesses and synergies expected to arise after the Company s
acquisition of the above operating subsidiaries. The measurement period arose from the adoption of a policy at the time of the acquisition to currently remit a portion
of the earnings and profits of the acquired subsidiaries and recognition of the related income tax liabilities. 

The
Company paid approximately million of closing costs for legal, accounting, and other professional fees that were expensed during
the year ended May 31, 2023. 

years 
 
 Non-compete agreements 

year 

Amortization
of these acquired intangibles is included in Note 5, Intangible Assets. 

Equity
Method Investments 

Noncurrent assets 

Total
 assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 - 
 
 Total
 liabilities 

Net assets of the equity
 investee 

Equity attributable to non-controlling interest 

Total
 equity method investment attributable to registrant 

Pro
Forma Information (Unaudited) 

The
results of operations of eight entities that the Company acquired on February 21, 2023, have been included in our May 31, 2023, consolidated
financial statements as follows: 7 days of these entities operations in February 2023, and two full months ended March 31 and April 30,
2023, based on the Company s decision to include earnings from consolidated subsidiaries and equity method investments on a one-month
lag basis. 

The
following unaudited pro forma financial information represents a summary of the consolidated results of operations for the years
ended May 31, 2022, assuming the acquisitions had been completed as of June 1, 2021, the first day of the period presented. The
proforma adjustments include the elimination of intercompany revenue and expense transactions. The pro forma financial information
is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had been effective as
of these dates, or of future results. 

Net Income attributable to registrant 

Weighted
average shares of common stock outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, diluted 

Net
income per share, basic 

Net income per share, diluted 

Computer equipment 

Software 

Leasehold improvements 

Motor Vehicles 
 
 - 
 
 Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense charged to income for the years ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022 amounted to and . 

Acquired through business combination 

Ending balance May 31, 2023 

Customer relationships 

Non-compete agreements 

Intangible assets, gross 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortizable
intangible assets, including tradenames and non-compete agreements, are amortized on a straight-line basis over to years. Customer
relationships are amortized on a straight-line basis over to years. For the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, amortization expense
related to the intangible assets was and , respectively. As of May 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining useful lives
of these assets were years. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Noncurrent assets 

Current liabilities 

Noncurrent liabilities 
 - 
 
 Equity 

For the period ended May 31, 2023
 (from the acquisition date) 
 
 Net Revenue 

Gross Profit 

Income from operations 

Net Income 

included in the statement of operations
for the year ended May 31, 2023 and none for the year ended May 31, 2022. 

Accrued sales and marketing expense 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued income tax 

Accrued overdraft liabilities 
 - 

Other accrued expenses
 and current liabilities 

Accrued expenses and
 other current liabilities 

Term Debt 

Notes Payable 
 - 

Notes payable, gross 

Less: Current portion 

Long term, notes payable 
 
 - 

Revolving
Credit Facility 

On
June 1, 2021, the Company entered into a Revolving Purchase, Loan and Security Agreement (the TBK Agreement with TBK Bank,
SSB, a Texas State Savings Bank Purchaser ), for a facility under which Purchaser will, from time to time, buy approved
receivables from the seller. The TBK Agreement provides for the Company to have access to the lesser of (i) 30 million Maximum
Facility and (ii) the Formula Amount (as defined in the TBK Agreement). The facility is for an initial term of twenty-four (24)
months (the Term and may be extended or renewed, unless terminated in accordance with the TBK Agreement. 

On
August 4, 2021, the parties to the TBK Agreement entered into a First Amendment Agreement to increase the credit facility from 
million to million during the period commencing on August 4, 2021, through and including December
2, 2021, with all other terms of the original TBK Agreement remaining unchanged. 

On
September 17, 2021, the parties to the TBK Agreement entered into a Second Amendment to the TBK Agreement to temporarily increase the
credit facility from million to million for the period commencing on August 4, 2021, through and including January 31, 2022. 

On
January 31, 2022, the parties to the TBK Agreement entered into a Third Amendment to the TBK Agreement to permanently increase the credit
facility from million to million to the maturity date. 

On
April 14, 2022, the parties to the TBK Loan Agreement entered into a Fourth Amendment to temporarily increase the credit facility from
 million to million from April 15, 2022 through October 31, 2022. 

On
May 31, 2023, the date of the original maturity, the parties to the TBK Loan Agreement entered into a Fifth Amendment to extend the maturity
date to June 30 th , 2023 and in the Sixth Amendment dated June 30 th , the parties agreed to extend TBK Loan Agreement
through July 15, 2023. 

On
July 20, 2023, the Company and TBK Bank entered into a new loan and security agreement (the New TBK Agreement, amending
and restating in their entirety, the terms, conditions, agreements, covenants, obligations, representations, and warranties of the existing
TBK Agreement. The terms of the new agreement are substantially the same as the original agreement. The New TBK Agreement provides for
a facility under which TBK Bank will, from time to time, make advances under the Revolving Credit Facility to the Company in such
amounts as the Company may request, but not to exceed . This New TBK Agreement is scheduled to mature on June 1, 2025. 

Purchase
Money Financing 

On
September 8, 2021, the Company entered into a Purchase Money Financing Agreement (the Financing
Agreement with Corefund Capital, LLC Corefund in order to enable the Company to finance additional cargo charter
flights for the peak shipping season. 

Pursuant
to the Financing Agreement, the Company may, from time to time, request financing from Corefund to enable the Company to engage Company s
suppliers to provide chartered cargo flights for the Company s clients. The Company may also request that Corefund tender payments
directly to a supplier. Corefund requires payments from a buyer to be made to a Deposit Account Control Agreement account at an agreed
upon bank where Corefund is the sole director and accessor to the account for the term of the relationship. 

The
fees and interest related to Corefund purchase money financing are included in the interest expense on the statement of operations. The
fee paid to Corefund for the year ended May 31, 2022 were approximately million and ne for the year ended May 31, 2023. The balance
outstanding under the Purchase Money Financing as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 was . 

Promissory
Notes 

On
May 29, 2020, the Company entered into a note payable with a former shareholder. The
agreement calls for six semi-annual payments of , for which the first payment was due on November 29, 2020. The loan bears interest and has a maturity of three years, or May 29, 2023. The note s remaining balance was recorded in the
current portion of notes payable with balance of and as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively. 

On
March 9, 2021, the Company was granted an SBA loan (the Loan by Century Bank in the aggregate amount of 358,236, pursuant
to the second round of the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security
Act (CARES) Act. The Loan, which was in the form of a note, matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. The
Loan is payable in equal monthly instalments after the deferral period. The funds from
the Loan may only be used for payroll costs, costs used to continue group health care benefits, mortgage payments, rent, and utilities.
The amount of was forgiven during the period ended May 31, 2022, and is included in gain on forgiveness of promissory notes
on the consolidated statements of operations. 

On
March 19, 2021, the Company issued to an accredited investor a 
promissory note in the principal aggregate amount of .
The Company received aggregate gross proceeds of .
The purpose of the funds is to augment working capital resulting from a surge in business and new customer acquisition. This
promissory note matures on the date that is thirty (30) days following the Effective Date (the Maturity Date ). The
Note bears interest at a rate of ten percent (10 per annum (the Interest Rate ). The Company may prepay the Note
without penalty. On May 31, 2022, this note was repaid in full. 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

Trillium
SPA 

On
October 8, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Trillium Partners Trillium pursuant to
which the Company sold to Trillium (i) a secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal aggregate amount of 
(the Trillium Note realizing gross proceeds of and (ii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of the
Company s common stock at an exercise price of , subject to adjustment as provided therein. The Trillium Note was to mature
on October 6, 2021 and was convertible at any time. The Trillium Note was amended on October 14, 2020, to adjust the conversion price
to . On June 1, 2021, the Trillium Note maturity was extended to . On August 19, 2021, Trillium entered into
a Securities Exchange Agreement and on December 10, 2021 into an amended Securities Exchange Agreement, as discussed below. Upon effectiveness
of these agreements, the Trillium Note was exchanged for Series D Preferred, as defined below. During the year ended May 31, 2022, a
noteholder converted of principal and interest of the Trillium Note into shares of the Company s common stock
at a rate of per share and as of May 31, 2022, the outstanding balance on the Trillium Note was . 

 3a
SPA 

On
October 14, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with 3a Capital Establishment 3a pursuant
to which the Company sold to 3a (i) a secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal aggregate amount of 
(the 3a Note realizing gross proceeds of and (ii) a warrant to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of , subject to adjustment as provided therein. The 3a Note was to mature on October 6, 2021
and was convertible at any time. On June 1, 2021, the 3a Note was amended to extend its maturity date to . Upon this amendment,
the Company accounted for this modification as debt extinguishment and recorded a net gain of in the consolidated statements
of operations for the period ended May 31, 2022. On August 19, 2021, 3a entered into a Securities Exchange Agreement and on December
10, 2021 into an amended Securities Exchange Agreement, as discussed below. Upon effectiveness of these agreements, the 3a Note was exchanged
for Series C Preferred (as defined below). As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the total unamortized debt discount related to the 3a SPA was
 and during the year ended May 31, 2022, the Company recorded amortization of debt discount totaling . During the year ended
May 31, 2022, the noteholder converted of the 3a Note into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate of
 per share. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the outstanding principal balance on the 3a Note was . 

Trillium
and 3a January Convertible Notes 

On
January 28, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Trillium and 3a together, the Investors pursuant to which the Company sold to each of the Investors (i) a secured subordinated convertible promissory note in the principal
aggregate amount of or in the aggregate (together, the Notes realizing gross proceeds of .
The Notes mature on January 28, 2022 and are convertible at any time. The conversion price of the Notes is (the Conversion
Price ). The Company determined the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes model and recorded an adjustment to the carrying
value of the note liability with an equal and offsetting adjustment to Stockholders Equity. The beneficial conversion feature for both
Notes was valued at . On June 1, 2021, Notes were amended to extent their maturity date to . Upon this amendment,
the Company accounted for this modification as debt extinguishment and recorded a net gain of . During the year ended May 31,
2022, the Company recorded amortization of debt discount totaling . On August 19, 2021, the Investors entered into a Securities
Exchange Agreement and on December 10, 2021 into an amended Securities Exchange Agreement with the Company, as discussed below. Upon
effectiveness of these agreements, the Notes were exchanged for shares of Preferred Stock (as defined below). As of May 31, 2023, the
outstanding principal balance on the Notes was . 

Amended
Securities Exchange Agreement 

On
December 10, 2021, the Company entered into an amended securities exchange agreement with the Investors, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to issue, and the Investors agreed to acquire, in exchange for the Convertible Notes described above, shares of the newly created
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series C Preferred ), and shares of Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock, par value per share (the Series D Preferred and, together with the Series C Preferred, the Preferred
Stock ), of the Company, upon entering into the Amended Exchange Agreement. 

In
connection with the Amended Exchange Agreement, each of the Investors received that number of shares of Preferred Stock equal to one
share of Preferred Stock for every of Convertible Notes value held by such Investor. The Company issued shares of Series
C Preferred and shares of Series D Preferred. In the aggregate, each of the Series C Preferred and Series D , subject to adjustment
up to a specified date. 

Upon
effectiveness of the Amended Exchange Agreement, the Company no longer has any outstanding convertible notes or warrants. 

Term
Debt 

On
March 10, 2023, the Company entered into a financing agreement and related fee letter (the Financing Agreement as
borrower with certain of its subsidiaries party thereto as guarantors, the lenders party thereto, CB Agent Services LLC, as
origination agent, and Alter Domus (US) LLC, as collateral agent, and administrative agent. The Financing Agreement provides for an
initial senior secured term loan in a principal amount of 
and a delayed draft term loan in an aggregate principal amount of up to .
The proceeds of such term loans may be used to (i) pay fees and expenses related to entering into the Financing Agreement and the
related transaction documents and the acquisitions of those certain entities contemplated by that certain Stock Purchase Agreement
between the Company and seller thereunder and those separate certain Share Sale and Purchase Agreements, as previously reported on
the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2023 (the Acquisitions ), (ii) redeem certain of
the notes issued to the Seller in connection with the Acquisition, and (iii) pay fees and expenses related of the transactions
contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2022, by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation, Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and the Company, as previously reported on the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2022. 

Debt
Covenants 

The
Company is subject to certain financial covenants as part of the financing agreement with both Revolving Credit Facility and Term
Debt. 

As
of May 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with the financial covenants except for the following: 

Events
of default have occurred per the Financing Agreement (Term Debt) with noncompliance items including timely repayment of the
acquisition related notes, delivery of control agreements, closing deposit accounts, deliver of landlord waivers or collateral
access agreements with respect to each leased location, failure to deliver certain consents from equity method operating companies,
and obtaining consent from the agent prior to agreeing to an extension of the maturity date of the acquisition related promissory
notes. On September 13, 2023, the Company entered into a waiver agreement with CB Agent Services LLC, origination agent and Alter
Domus (US) LLC, administrative agent to permanently waive all existing events of default existing as of this date and specifically
listed in the waiver agreement. The waiver is effective only in this specific instance and for the specific purpose set forth in the
agreement and does not allow for any other or further departure from the terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement or any
other loan document, which terms and conditions shall continue in full force and effect. 

Events
of default also occurred in relation to the loan agreement with TBK Bank, SSB, due to the failure of the Company to maintain a fixed
charge coverage ratio in accordance with the loan agreement. On May 31, 2023, the Company and TBK Bank, SSB, entered into a first amendment
and waiver to revolving purchase loan and security agreement, extending agreement s terms and providing a waiver of the specified
default through and including June 30, 2023. Subsequently, on July 20, 2023, the Company and TBK Bank, SSB entered into
a new loan and security agreement that requires starting August 31, 2023 and on the last day of each quarter thereafter during the term
of this agreement, to the Company to maintain a specified Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio with the first reporting date of September 30,
2023. 

Due to ULHK (4) 
 
 - 
 
 Due to employee (2) 
 - 

Due
 to employee (3) 
 - 

Total Due to related party transaction 

Less: current portion 

non
 portion 

(1) 

The
 Promissory Note dated March 30, 2021 in the principal amount bears no interest provided that any amount due under this Note
 which is not paid when due shall bear interest at an interest rate equal to six percent per annum. The principal amount is due
 and payable in six payments of . The first payment was due on November 30, 2021, with each succeeding payment to be made
 six months after the preceding payment. The balance of this Promissory Note due within the next 12 months is as of May 31,
 2023. 
 
 Promissory
 Note dated February 21, 2023, in connection with the acquisitions (see Note 2) in the principal amount of 500,000 for the remaining
 35 share capital of Unique Logistics International (India) Private Ltd. acquired by the Company from FTS maturing February 21, 2025
 and bearing no interest. 

(2) 
 
 payable with an employee. The payment terms consist of thirty-six
 monthly non-interest-bearing payments of 
 from the date of closing. This Note is fully paid off as of May 31, 2023. 

(3) 
 
 payable with an employee. The payment terms consist of thirty-six monthly non-interest-bearing payments of 
 from the date of closing. This Note is fully paid off as of May 31, 2023. 

(4) 
 investment in the Company. 
 
 As
 discussed in Note 2, On February 21, 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of eight ULHK operating subsidiaries, in a combination
 of cash and promissory notes issued to the Seller. As of May 31, 2023, some of these notes were paid off, or refinanced with Term
 Debt. 

The following notes were
outstanding and classified as current as of May 31, 2023: 

Promissory Note 8 in the principal amount of originally due on , having an interest rate
of . This Promissory Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. Subsequently this note
was adjusted to reflect Net Asset Adjustments related to the entities acquired and the maturity date was extended to October 31, 2023.
As of May 31, 2023, the face value of the note approximated its fair value at 2,500,000 and interest was accrued accordingly. 

Promissory Note 9 in the principal amount of due on , and bearing no interest. This Promissory
Note was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA 

The following notes are classified as noncurrent
as of May 31, 2023: 

Promissory
 Note 3 in the principal amount of which matures , having an interest rate of . This note was partially paid
 off with the principle amount remaining as of May 31, 2023 of . This note was fully repaid on June 30, 2023 with the proceeds
 from the Term Debt, that is classified as noncurrent. 

Promissory
 Note 4 in the principal amount of 
 which matures and bear no interest. 

Promissory Note 6 in the principal amount of due (the Initial Taiwan Maturity Date ),
bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided that all government and other regulatory approvals necessary or required
by Taiwan in order to consummate the Transaction as the same relates to Unique-Taiwan (the Taiwan Approvals have been received
by the Initial Taiwan Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Taiwan Approvals have not been received by the Taiwan Maturity Date,
payment under this promissory note will be due and payable within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the Taiwan Approvals. This promissory
note was issued in lieu of cash otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of Unique-Taiwan. The Company
received the required approvals with respect to Unique-Taiwan on June 1, 2023 and the Company and ULHK entered into an amended and restated
promissory note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Taiwan on August 31, 2023, to extend its maturity date to July 31, 2024
and to provide for interest to be accrued at an annual rate of 15 . 

Promissory Note 7 in the principal amount of due (the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date ),
bearing no interest and payable on: (a) July 15, 2023, provided that all government and other regulatory approvals necessary or required
by Vietnam in order to consummate the Transaction as the same relates to Unique-Vietnam (the Vietnam Approvals have been
received by the Initial Vietnam Maturity Date; or (b) in the event that the Vietnam Approvals have not been received by the Vietnam Maturity
Date, payment under this promissory note will be due and payable within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the Vietnam Approvals. This promissory
note was issued in lieu of cash otherwise due under the original Local SPA in respect of the Purchased Shares of Unique-Vietnam. The Vietnam
Approvals are yet to be obtained. Subsequent to May 31, 2023, the Company and ULHK entered into an amendment to the promissory
note with respect to the Purchased Shares in Unique-Vietnam that extended the maturity date of that note, although as we have not received
the required approvals with respect to Unique-Vietnam this note has not yet become payable. 

Accounting
Services 

David
Briones, one of our directors, is the managing member and sole owner of the Brio Financial Group, a financial consulting firm that the
Company uses to assist it in preparing and reviewing its financial statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis disclosure
in the reports that it files with the SEC pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act. During the year ended May 31, 2023, we also
engaged Brio Financial Group to prepare the pro forma financial statements for inclusion in the registration statement on Form S-4 relating
to the Transactions. Brio Financial Group billed the Company for such services during the year ended May 31, 2023, and an additional
 to date since then. 

Consulting
Agreements 

Unique
entered into a Consulting Services Agreement on May 29, 2020 for a term of three years with Great Eagle Freight Limited, a Hong Kong
Company, pursuant to which the Company pays per year until the expiration of the agreement on May 28, 2023. The fair value of
the services was determined to be less than the cash payments and the difference was recorded as Other Long Term Liabilities line item
on the consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the life of the agreement. The unamortized balances were none and as of
May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Accounts
Receivable and Payable 

Transactions
with related parties account for million and million of accounts receivable and accounts payable as of May 31, 2023, respectively,
compared to million and million of accounts receivable and accounts payable as of May 31, 2022, respectively. 

Revenue
and Expenses 

Revenue
from related party transactions is for export services from related parties or for delivery at place imports nominated by such related
parties. For the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 these transactions represented approximately million and million, respectively. 

Direct
costs are services billed to the Company by related parties for shipping activities. For the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 these transactions
represented approximately million and million 

. The Company recorded expense of million and million for the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

shares of stock, a par value of per share. 

During
the year ended May 31, 2022: 

On
June 23, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

On
June 28, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

On
July 8, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

On
August 3, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

On
August 9, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

On
September 28, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

On
October 27, 2021, a noteholder converted in convertible notes (principal and interest) into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate of per share. 

During
the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 there were 
other common stock issuances, except for the conversions of Preferred Shares and Convertible Notes. 

As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, there were and shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding,
respectively. 

Preferred
Shares 

The
Company is authorized to issue shares of preferred stock, par value per share. 

Series
A Convertible Preferred 

The
holders of Series A Preferred. subject to the rights of holders of shares of the Company s Series B Preferred which shares will
be pari passu with Series B Preferred in terms of liquidation preference and dividend rights and are subject to an anti-dilution provision,
making the holders subject to an adjustment necessary to maintain their agreed upon fully diluted ownership percentage. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the stockholders of record of
shares of Series A Preferred shall be entitled to receive, at their option, immediately prior and in preference to any distribution to
the holders of the Company s common stock, par value per share and other junior securities, a liquidation preference equal
to the stated value per share. 

During
the year ended May 31, 2023, a shareholder converted shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the
Company s common stock. During the year ended May 31, 2022, there were no conversions of Series A Preferred Shares. 

Series
B Convertible Preferred 

The
holders of Series B Preferred, subject to the rights of holders of shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock which shares
will be pari passu with the Series B Preferred in terms of liquidation preference and dividend rights, shall be entitled to receive,
at their option, immediately prior an in preference to any distribution to the holders of the Company s common stock. 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, either voluntary or involuntary, the stockholders of record of
shares of Series B Preferred shall be entitled to receive, at their option, immediately prior and in preference to any distribution to
the holders of the Company s common stock, par value per share and other junior securities, a liquidation preference equal
to the stated value per share. 

During
the year ended May 31, 2023, there were no conversions of Series B Preferred Shares. During the year ended May 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock held by Frangipani Trade Services Inc, an entity owned by the Company s Chief Executive Officer. 

Series
C D Convertible Preferred 

The
holders of the Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the amount of
cash, securities, or other property to which such holder would be entitled to receive with respect to such shares of Preferred Stock
if such shares had been converted to common stock immediately prior to such liquidation. 

During
the year ended May 31, 2023, a shareholder converted shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s
common stock. During the year ended May 31, 2022 a shareholder converted shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock into 
shares of the Company s common stock. 

Warrants 

Exercisable May 31, 2021 

Cancelled 
 
 - 
 
 Outstanding May 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 

On
December 10, 2021, the Company entered into an amended securities exchange with two investors holding convertible notes and warrants
for Convertible Preferred Stock Series C and D. For additional information on the exchange agreement see Note 5, Financing Arrangements.
Upon effectiveness of the Amended Exchange Agreement, as of May 31, 2022 the Company no longer has any outstanding warrants. 

Interest on operating lease liabilities 

Total net lease cost 

Current operating lease liabilities, included in current liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities, included in long-term liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The
operating lease right of use asset and corresponding lease liabilities were significantly impacted during the nine-month ended February
28, 2023, by a renewal of a warehouse lease located in in Santa Fe Springs, CA with a term of and the addition of new office
warehouse lease in Lawrence, NY and an office in Garden City, NY with terms of and , respectively. The discount rate used
to account for new leases was approximately . The Company assessed the renewal options as a part of the adoption of ASC 842, if
the renewal options were determined to be reasonably assured/certain at inception they would be appropriately captured within the future
minimum lease payment schedule within the footnote of the Company s financial statement and included in the ROU Asset and ROU liability
upon transition. During the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company made lease payments
of million and million, respectively. 

Weighted
 average remaining lease term (in years): 

Operating
 leases 

Weighted
 average discount rate: 

Operating
 leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 
 - 
 
 Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease obligations 

Foreign 
 
 - 
 
 Income before tax 

State 

Foreign 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Total tax expense 

- 
 
 Reductions for tax positions
 of prior years 
 - 
 - 
 
 Settlements 
 - 
 - 
 
 Reductions due to lapse of
 applicable statute of limitations 
 - 
 - 

Total
 UTP balance on May 31 
 
 - 

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise s
financial statements. ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions
that the Company has taken or expects to take in its tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return
and the net benefit recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits. A
liability is recognized (or amount of net operating loss carry forward or amount of tax refundable is reduced) for unrecognized tax benefit
because it represents an enterprise s potential future obligation to the taxing authority for a tax position that was not recognized
as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740. 

If
applicable, interest and penalties related to the unrecognized tax positions are required to be calculated and would be classified as
 tax expense in the statement of operations. 

These
reserves would impact income tax expense if released into income. The Company does not expect a change to its unrealized tax positions
in the next twelve months. 

The Taxing jurisdiction that is significant to Company is the U.S. open tax years related to this taxing jurisdiction
remains subject to examination and could result in additional tax liabilities. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examinations
for years before 2019. 

Consulting contract liability 
 - 

Acquisition Costs 
 
 - 
 
 Interest Expense (163j Limitation) 
 
 - 
 
 Lease liability 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Dividends received 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued withholding tax 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill and intangibles 

Fixed assets 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon future generation for
taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management
considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. For the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, there was no valuation allowance necessary. 

State income tax, net of federal benefit 

Impact of debt exchange 

PPP loan forgiveness 
 - 

Foreign income taxes and adjustments 
 
 - 
 
 FDII deduction 

Withholding taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

Income tax provision 

, principal and related
to the upfront fees), with interest rate based on 3 months SOFR Rate Loans. 

The
proceeds of the above borrowing shall be used to pay a portion of the purchase price under the SPA. On June 30, 2023, the Company paid
off the remaining amount of of the Promissory Note 3 to ULHK (see Note 2, Acquisitions and Equity Method Investments) including
associated interest. 

On
June 1, 2023, the Company received an approval by the Investment Commission of the Ministry of Economic Affairs of Taiwan to the application
(No.: Wai-18976) filed by Unique Logistics International, Inc. for the purchase and for the transfer of the total shares of Unique
Logistics International Co., Ltd. or of the Company s share capital. 
is due and payable 15 days after the receipt of an approval of this transfer by the Taiwan government. On August 1, 2023, Promissory
Note 6 was amended to extend maturity date to July 31, 2024, with all other terms unchanged. 

On
September 8, 2023, the Company agreed with ULHK to amend Promissory Note 7 issued in connection with the acquisition of ULHK
ownership in Vietnam entity on February 21, 2023 (see Note 2, Acquisitions and Equity Method Investments), where 
is due and payable on , or the 15 days after the receipt of an approval of this transfer by the Vietnam government, whichever is the
latest. The approvals have not yet been received and this note has not yet become payable. The date of extension was agreed
to twelve months after receipt of the Vietnam approvals. 

On
July 7, 2023, the Company and ULHK amended Promissory Note 8, in the principal amount of having an interest rate of and
original due date of , to a new maturity date of October 31, 2023, with all other terms unchanged. This Promissory Note
was issued in respect of the purchase price adjustment provided for under the SPA. 

On July 20, 2023, The Company Borrower entered into a Revolving Credit Facility Agreement with TBK Bank, SSB, a Texas State Savings Bank Lender ).
The Agreement provides for a facility under which the Lender will, from time to time, make Advances under the Revolving Credit Facility
to the Borrower in such amounts as Borrower may request, but not to exceed . This agreement replaced the previous loan agreement
with TBK Bank, SSB which expired on . The proceeds of the Revolving Credit Facility will be used by the Borrower (i) for fees
and expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of the agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) for Borrower s
legitimate working capital requirements or purposes, and (iii) to satisfy the indebtedness, obligations and liabilities of the Borrower
to Lender under or pursuant to the Existing Loan Agreement. The Agreement is set to mature on May 31, 2025. 

On June 9, 2023, the Company and Edify issued a press release announcing that Edify has filed a registration statement
on form S-4 in connection with the Merger. On December 18, 2022, Unique
Logistics International, a Nevada corporation (the Company ), entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the Merger
Agreement by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation Edify ), Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edify Merger Sub ), and the Company. The Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby (the Transactions were approved by the board of directors of each of the Company, Edify, and Merger
Sub. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the
surviving corporation (the Surviving Corporation in the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, the Company shall
be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edify (the Merger ). 

Previously, the Company entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger on December 18, 2022 (the Merger Agreement by and among Edify Acquisition Corp., a
Delaware corporation Edify ), Edify Merger Sub, Inc., a Nevada corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edify Merger Sub ), and the Company. The Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby were approved by the
board of directors of each of the Company, Edify, and Merger Sub. The Merger Agreement provides, among other things, that Merger Sub
will merge with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving corporation in the merger and, after giving effect to such
merger, the Company shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of Edify (the Merger ). On June 9, 2023, the Company and Edify
issued a press release announcing that Edify had filed a registration statement on form S-4 in connection with the Merger. On July
23, 2023, the Parties entered into a First Amendment to Merger Agreement, dated July 19, 2023, to update the Termination Date of the
Merger Agreement to January 20, 2024. 

On September 13, 2023, the Company entered into a
waiver agreement with CB Agent Services LLC, origination agent and Alter Domus (US) LLC, administrative agent to permanently waive all
existing as of May 31, 2023, events of default existing as of this date and specifically listed in the waiver agreement. The waiver is
effective only in this specific instance and for the specific purpose set forth in the agreement and does not allow for any other or
further departure from the terms and conditions of the Financing Agreement or any other loan document, which terms and conditions shall
continue in full force and effect. 

F- 32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Sunandan Ray, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unique Logistics International, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 15, 2023 

/s/
 Sunandan Ray 

Sunandan
 Ray 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

OFFICER S
CERTIFICATE 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

I,
Eli Kay, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Unique Logistics International, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 15, 2023 

/s/
 Eli Kay 

Eli
 Kay 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Unique Logistics International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sunandan Ray, Chief
Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Sunandan Ray 

Sunandan
 Ray 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

September 15, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 CERTIFICATION 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Unique Logistics International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended
May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eli Kay, Principal
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

/s/
 Eli Kay 

Eli
 Kay 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

September 15, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 unql-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 unql-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 unql-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 unql-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

