<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230710_10-K_edgar_data_1442999_0001663577-23-000336.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2921642</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>210219</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>623917</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>851007</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>504354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>661072</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001663577-23-000336.hdr.sgml : 20230710
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230710162938
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001663577-23-000336
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230710
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230710

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTEROLA BIOTECH INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001442999
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		IRS NUMBER:				821317032
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-156091
		FILM NUMBER:		231080020

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 HAMILTON SQUARE
		CITY:			BIRKENHEAD MERSEYSIDE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			CH41 5AR
		BUSINESS PHONE:		44 151 601 9477

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		47 HAMILTON SQUARE
		CITY:			BIRKENHEAD MERSEYSIDE
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			CH41 5AR

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	JEDEDIAH RESOURCES CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080813

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001663577-23-000336.txt : 20230710

10-K
 1
 abti10k033123.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

Transition Report pursuant to 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: +44 

Securities registered
 under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 Not applicable 

Securities registered
 under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check
mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the proceeding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth
company. 

Large accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s
classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: shares as of June 28, 2023. 

1 

 Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 
 Item 6. 
 [ RESERVED ] 
 34 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 36 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 38 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 44 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 

2 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item
1. Business 

Recent Developments 

On August 26, 2022, we entered
into a letter of intent (the LOI dated August 25, 2022 with Bright Green Corporation Bright Green ), a Delaware
corporation, with a binding provision for Bright Green to acquire a 25 interest (the Share Purchase in our company from
existing shareholders in exchange for 4,000,000 (the Purchase Price ). The LOI also has a non-binding option for Bright
Green to acquire all of our outstanding capital stock. 

The Share Purchase was subject
to a Share Purchase Agreement which was executed on October 03, 2022. 

Since then, on April 4 th ,
2023, Bright Green announced their intention to complete the purchase of the Company, but are yet to deliver the full funds as per the
SPA dated October 03, 2022. Negotiations for the completion of the deal are ongoing. 

The Purchase Price for the
SPA dated October 03, 2022 was divided equally among the following shareholder companies for their shares, controlled by affiliates of
our company namely: Phyotherapeutix Holdings Ltd (Colin Stott), Equipped4 Holdings Limited (Dominic Schiller) and TPR Global Limited (Timothy
Rogers). 

These shareholder affiliates,
through their respective companies, have committed to enter into loan agreements with our company to provide up to 4,000,000 USD of working
capital. 

With respect to the non-binding
option for Bright Green to acquire all of our shares, in the SPA dated October 03, 2022 we and Bright Green agreed to work in good faith
and in a reasonable time-frame to reach a binding agreement to be executed in a final set of definitive documents Definitive Agreement ). 

As part of the strategic
partnership and pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the arrangement, we plan to gain access to Bright Green s
planned cannabis and cannabis extracts, derivatives, products and research services, and Bright Green will in turn benefit from our established
industry relationships and sector expertise. The parties believe a successful collaboration will create a strong pathway to secure, provide
and supply cannabis and derivative products to the pharmaceutical industry. 

On October 7, 2022, we appointed
David Hitchcock as our CEO, and Terry Rafih as a member of our board of directors. 

Our Business 

Our goal is to provide prescription
medicines for patients around the world. We believe in harnessing the therapeutic potential of cannabinoids and cannabinoid- like compounds,
which can be developed into valuable treatments to seriously ill patients. Rather than just focusing on one method of identifying, researching
and developing such medicines, we are interested in developing new medicines from all sources including botanical, traditional chemical
synthesis and biosynthetic methodologies. 

On May 28, 2021, we acquired
ABTI Pharma Limited, a company registered in England and Wales ABTI Pharma ), with the purchase of all of its capital stock
in exchange for 600,000,000 shares of our common stock pro rata to the ABTI Pharma shareholders. 

As a result of the acquisition,
we are a pharmaceutical company working with cannabinoid and cannabinoid-like molecules. We have three areas of focus: 

1) 
 Development of regulated pharmaceuticals (human and animal health) and regulated food products. This has been achieved via the strategic acquisition of Phytotherapeutix Ltd.; 

2) 
 Production of low cost of goods Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) and food-grade ingredients (supported by the strategic acquisition of Ferven Ltd); and 

3) 
 Formulation, and drug delivery, providing improved bioavailability, solubility and stability (supported by the exclusive licensing of IP and technology from Nano4M Ltd). 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Phytotherapeutix Ltd, a subsidiary
of ABTI Pharma Ltd, has generated a number of molecules with patents pending, some of which have demonstrable pharmacological activity,
similar to that of CBD. This means that some of these molecules are anticipated to have a similar market potential to CBD across a range
of therapeutic areas. 

Ferven Ltd, another subsidiary
of ABTI Pharma Ltd, is looking to produce cannabinoids by fermentation. The exclusively licensed organism has the potential to be genetically
modified to produce multiple cannabinoids at an anticipated very low cost of goods. It is anticipated that the selected genetically modified
organisms will grow very quickly, which in turn, reduces the cost of production. 

Nano4M Ltd is a company which
has exclusively licensed its nano-formulation patents and know-how to ABTI Pharma Ltd. 

As a result of the acquisition
of assets and intellectual property from C2 Wellness Corp. on December 2, 2021, Alterola now has the following assets and intellectual
property: 

Novel cannabinoid molecules
and their associated intellectual property; 

 Novel cannabinoid pro-drugs,
and their associated intellectual property; 

 Novel proprietary cannabinoid
formulations, designed to target lymphatic delivery, and their associated intellectual property; 

 Novel proprietary nano-encapsulated
cannabinoid formulations, in self-dissolving polymers, and their associated intellectual property; and 

 Cannabinoids and cannabinoid
pro-drug formulations for topical ocular delivery, and their associated intellectual property. 

Additionally, we may consider
entering into Joint Venture Partnerships, or acquire companies with complimentary portfolios or enter into Licensing Agreements to enhance
the product portfolio. These are strategies the Company may implement and any such opportunities will be assessed on a case by case basis
and on their merit at the time. 

At present, the Company is
waiting to hear whether Bright Green Corporation will exercise its option to acquire the remaining 75 of the Company s common stock. 

Alterola and ABTI Pharma
Ltd management have extensive experience, know-how and connections in the cannabinoid medicines sector, and are looking to utilize this
knowledge and experience for the development of such medicines from existing cannabinoids and cannabinoid-like molecules. 

Our address is 47 Hamilton
Square Birkenhead Merseyside CH41 5AR United Kingdom. Our telephone number is +44 151 601 9477. Our website is www.alterolabio.com. The
company has a fully operational US and a sterling bank account in the United Kingdom with the HSBC Group. 

We do not incorporate the
information on or accessible through our websites into this Annual Report, and you should not consider any information on, or that can
be accessed through, our websites a part of this Annual Report. 

Competition 

Pharmaceutical Sector 

The
cannabinoid-based and cannabinoid-like pharmaceutical medicine research and development
sector is and will likely remain competitive. In general, the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized
by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis on proprietary drugs / medicines. 

We expect that Alterola will
be required to compete with a variety of multinational pharmaceutical companies and specialized
biotechnology companies, as well as drugs and processes being developed at universities and other research institutions. Our competitors
may develop or may already have developed drugs comparable or competitive with our pipeline
drug candidates. Competitive therapeutic treatments for diseases, disorders and medical conditions that are included
in our pipeline development projects have already been approved by the pharmaceutical regulatory bodies around the world (e.g.
FDA, EMA etc.) and used / prescribed by the medical community and any new treatments that may enter the market would face fierce competition. 

We
are aware of a number of companies that are engaged in cannabinoid-based drug / medicine development. In addition, several other
U.S.-based companies are in early stage discovery and preclinical development utilizing synthetic and/or plant- derived cannabinoids
such as CBD and/or THC. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Non-Pharmaceutical Sector 

Due to Federal regulation,
it is not currently possible to sell THC or CBD-containing products for non- pharmaceutical
use (e.g., as food ingredients or dietary supplements) in the USA. 

 Although the Hemp Farming Act of 2018 effectively
removed hemp (defined as cannabis with less than 0.3 THC) from Schedule I controlled substances, the FDA has yet to establish guidelines
to legally sell hemp containing products as food ingredients or dietary supplements. 

 However,
it is possible to develop cannabinoid- containing ingredients and products in the food sector in Europe through the Novel Food
Approvals route. 

Again
this sector is and will likely remain competitive in territories where it is legal to develop and sell such products. Further
it is also possible to develop cannabinoid-containing ingredients in the cosmetics sector. 

For
both pharmaceutical and non-pharmaceutical markets, established companies may have a competitive advantage due to their size and experiences,
positive cash flows and institutional networks. Many of our pharma and non-pharma competitors
may have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources than we do. Due to these factors, our competitors
may have a range of competitive advantages and may obtain regulatory approval of their active pharmaceutical
ingredient (API), or medicines; or food ingredients or food products or cosmetic ingredients before we are
able to develop or commercialize our pharma or non-pharma active ingredients or products. Our competitors may also develop
ingredients or products that are safer, more effective, more widely used and less expensive than ours. 

Furthermore, some of these
competitors may make acquisitions or establish collaborative relationships among themselves
or with third parties to increase their ability to rapidly gain market share and/or increase their ingredient or product lines. 

Mergers
and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology and non-pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources
being concentrated among a smaller number of competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies,
such as ours, may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large and established companies. We aim to compete with large and small companies in recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific, management and commercial personnel, and using our management knowhow and
expertise in the sector to develop ingredients and products in a regulatory compliant manner, as well as licensing in or joint-venturing
with a partner and / or in acquiring technologies complementary to our development programs. 

Intellectual Property 

Through
the acquisition of ABTI Pharma, Alterola has acquired ABTI Pharma s internal and licensed IP portfolio, which includes: 

1) 
 IP including patent applications pertaining to novel compounds for development of pharmaceutical drug candidates and their therapeutic use; 

2) 
 IP (including organisms, protocols and knowhow) pertaining to low cost of goods production of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient (API) and food-grade ingredients; and 

3) 
 IP including granted patents pertaining to particle engineering technology, formulation, and drug delivery technologies, which will provide improved drug performance. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Through the acquisition of
assets and intellectual property from C2 Wellness Corp. on December 02, 2021, Alterola now has the following assets and intellectual property: 

Novel cannabinoid molecules and their associated intellectual property; 

Novel cannabinoid pro-drugs, and their associated intellectual property; 

Novel proprietary cannabinoid formulations, designed to target lymphatic delivery, and their associated intellectual property; 

Novel proprietary nano-encapsulated cannabinoid formulations, in self dissolving polymers, and their associated intellectual property; and 

Cannabinoids and cannabinoid pro-drug formulations for topical ocular delivery, and their associated intellectual property. 

In
addition, Alterola, via ABTI Pharma Ltd, have in principle agreements to
bring in additional complimentary technologies with incumbent IP. 

Regulatory Matters Pharmaceuticals
USA 

As a development stage company
that intends to have its pipeline drug candidates approved in the U.S., we are subject to extensive regulation by regulatory agencies.
The U.S. Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and its implementing regulations set forth, among other things, requirements for the research, testing,
development, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, approval, labeling, storage, record keeping, reporting, distribution,
import, export, advertising and promotion of our drugs (medicines). Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulations
that are similar in nature and scope as those in the United States, although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant
aspects of regulation in the European Union are addressed in a centralized way through the European Medicines Agency EMA and the European Commission, but country- specific regulation remains essential in many respects. The process of obtaining regulatory
marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources and we may not be successful. 

Given that the active ingredients
present in our APIs, food ingredients, and cosmetic ingredients are in some cases considered to be controlled substances, in certain jurisdictions
/ territories, there are additional regulations which are applicable to the research, development, import, receipt, possession, storage,
preparation, extraction, synthesis, biosynthesis, manufacture, processing, analysis, release, formulation, dispensing, packaging and labelling,
import/export, transport, commercialization, advertising and supply / distribution of Controlled Substances. This means that some of Alterola s
compounds may need to be compliant with competent authorities such as the DEA (USA), The Home Office (UK), and the corresponding authorities
in each country. 

We intend to conduct some
of our research and development relating to our drug candidates in the United States, at which time, our research and development, future
manufacturing, distribution, and sale of our drugs will become subject to the United States Federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970
and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

While cannabis containing
greater than 0.3 THC is a Schedule I controlled substance, drugs approved for medical use in the United States that contain cannabis
or cannabis extracts must be placed in Schedules II-V or de-scheduled, since approval by the FDA satisfies the accepted medical
use requirement. If any of our cannabis-derived pipeline drug candidates will receive approval by the FDA, it must be listed by
the DEA as an appropriately scheduled controlled substance or de-scheduled to be allowed for commercialization. Because hemp (cannabis
containing not more than .3 THC) and its derivatives were recently de-scheduled, the development of these compounds would follow the
same process of other APIs. 

Consequently, the
manufacture, importation, exportation, domestic distribution, storage, sale, and legitimate use of some of our future ingredients and
/ or drugs may be subject to a significant degree of regulation by the DEA. In addition, individual states in the United States have also
established controlled substance laws and regulations. Though state-controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the states
are separate jurisdictions, they may separately schedule our ingredients and / or drugs. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Europe 

It is the company s
intention have its ingredients and pipeline drug candidates approved in countries in addition to the USA and hence we are subject to extensive
regulation by other international regulatory agencies, and the applicable local laws and regulations. 

Similarly to the U.S. Food,
Drug, and Cosmetic Act in the USA and its implementing regulations, there are similar laws and regulations in Europe for the research,
testing, development, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, approval, labeling, storage, record keeping, reporting, distribution,
import, export, advertising, and promotion of our drugs (medicines). Again, our activities in Europe will be subject to regulations that
are similar in nature and scope as those in the United States, although there can be important differences. 

Our pipeline candidates
may be developed or approved through the Centralized Procedure or Decentralized Procedure through the or through the Mutual Recognition
Procedure (MRP) through the European Medicines Agency EMA and the European Commission; however it should be noted that
country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. The process of obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent
compliance with the appropriate national, federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial
time and financial resources and we may not be successful. 

Again, given that the active
ingredients present in our APIs, food ingredients and cosmetic ingredients are in some countries are considered to be controlled substances
in certain European jurisdictions / territories, there are additional regulations which are applicable to the research, development, import,
receipt, possession, storage, preparation, extraction, synthesis, biosynthesis, manufacture, processing, analysis, release, formulation,
dispensing, packaging and labelling, import/export, transport, commercialization, advertising and supply / distribution of Controlled
Substances. This means that Alterola needs to be compliant with each competent authority in each European country as applicable. 

Japan 

It is the company s
intention have its pipeline drug candidates in due course approved in Japan and hence we are subject to extensive regulation by the pharmaceutical
regulatory authority of Japan: the Pharmaceutical and Food Safety Bureau (PFSB) of the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare
(MHLW), and the Japanese applicable local laws and regulations. 

Japan has its own laws and
regulations for the research, testing, development, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, approval, labeling, storage,
record keeping, reporting, distribution, import, export, advertising and promotion of our drugs (medicines). 

Again, given that the active
ingredients present in our APIs, food ingredients and cosmetic ingredients are in some countries are considered to be controlled substances
in Japan, there are additional regulations which are applicable to the research, development, import, receipt, possession, storage, preparation,
extraction, synthesis, biosynthesis, manufacture, processing, analysis, release, formulation, dispensing, packaging and labelling, import/export,
transport, commercialization, advertising and supply / distribution of Controlled Substances. This means that Alterola needs to be compliant
with the Japanese competent authority requirements. 

The process of obtaining
regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with the appropriate national and local statutes and regulations of Japan
require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources and we may not be successful. 

Rest of the World 

It is the company s
intention have its pipeline drug candidates in due course approved in other countries around the world (Rest of World) and hence we are
subject to extensive regulation by the various national pharmaceutical regulatory authorities which govern the various countries, and
the applicable local laws and regulations. 

Different countries
have different laws and regulations for the research, testing, development, manufacture, quality control, safety, effectiveness, approval,
labeling, storage, record keeping, reporting, distribution, import, export, advertising, and promotion of our drugs (medicines). 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Again, given that the active
ingredients present in our APIs, food ingredients and cosmetic ingredients are in some countries are considered to be controlled substances
in some countries, there are additional regulations which are applicable to the research, development, import, receipt, possession, storage,
preparation, extraction, synthesis, biosynthesis, manufacture, processing, analysis, release, formulation, dispensing, packaging and labelling,
import/export, transport, commercialization, advertising, and supply / distribution of Controlled Substances. This means that Alterola
needs to be compliant with each competent authority in each country as applicable. 

The process of obtaining
regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with the appropriate national, federal, state, local and foreign statutes
and regulations of other countries (ex-US, Europe and Japan) require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources and we
may not be successful. 

The Regulatory Process
for the approval of New Medicines 

The Company operates in a
highly controlled new drugs / medicines regulatory environment. Strict regulations establish requirements relating to demonstration of
quality, safety and efficacy of a medicine. Regulations also cover preclinical and clinical research and development, manufacturing and
reporting procedures, both pre- and post- approval. Failure to comply with regulations can result in stringent sanctions, including product
recalls, withdrawal of approvals, seizure of products and criminal prosecution. Further, many countries have stringent regulations relating
to the possession and use of cannabis or cannabinoid or cannabis-based medicines or medicines containing cannabinoid-like compounds. 

Before obtaining regulatory
approvals for the commercial sale of our future drug candidates, we must demonstrate that the proposed medicine demonstrates quality,
safety, and efficacy. From a quality perspective this is done through demonstrating appropriate chemistry and manufacturing controls (CMC),
and from a safety and efficacy perspective, this is done through demonstrating that our drug candidates are safe and effective in preclinical
studies and clinical trials. Historically, the results from preclinical studies and early clinical trials often have not accurately predicted
results of later clinical trials. In addition, many pharmaceuticals have shown promising results in clinical trials but subsequently failed
to establish sufficient safety and efficacy results to obtain necessary regulatory approvals. 

We expect to incur substantial
expense for, and devote a significant amount of time to, the development of quality ingredients and products as well as preclinical studies
and clinical trials. Many factors can delay the commencement and rate of completion of clinical trials, including the inability to recruit
patients at the expected rate, the inability to follow patients adequately after treatment, the failure to manufacture sufficient quantities
of materials used for clinical trials, and the emergence of unforeseen safety issues and governmental and regulatory delays. If a drug
candidate fails to demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical trials, this failure may delay development of other drug candidates and
hinder our ability to develop and / or conduct related preclinical studies and clinical trials. Additionally, if we have pipeline candidate
failures, we may also be expected to experience challenges, delays or even the inability to obtain additional financing at acceptable
terms and conditions to develop these or other drug candidates. 

Governmental authorities
in all major markets require that a new drug be approved or exempted from approval by the appropriate regulatory authorities before it
is marketed, and have established high standards for technical appraisal, which can result in an expensive and lengthy approval process.
The time to obtain approval of a new medicine or indication varies by country and some drugs are never approved. The lengthy process of
conducting new product or formulation development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, seeking approval and the subsequent compliance
with applicable statutes and regulations, if approval is obtained, are very costly and require the expenditure of substantial resources. 

United States 

In the United States, the
Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, and other
federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the safety and effectiveness standards for our drugs and the raw
materials and components used in the production of, testing, manufacture, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, distribution, advertising,
and promotion of drug candidates on a product-by-product basis. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Preclinical tests include
in vitro and in vivo evaluation of the drug candidate, including animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. Certain preclinical
tests must be conducted in compliance with good laboratory practice regulations. Violations of these regulations can, in some cases, lead
to invalidation of the studies, requiring them to be replicated. In addition, non-clinical studies (Chemistry and Manufacturing Controls,
CMC) are undertaken to evaluate a new drug s chemistry, and to determine, amongst other things, the active ingredients and
finished product formulation s stability and batch-to-batch reproducibility. 

After laboratory analysis
and preclinical testing, a Sponsor files an Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, to begin clinical development (clinical trials
in humans). Typically, a manufacturer conducts a three-phase human clinical development program which itself is subject to numerous laws
and regulatory requirements, including adequate monitoring, reporting, record keeping and informed consent. In Phase I, small clinical
trials are conducted to determine the safety and tolerability of drug candidates. In Phase II, clinical trials are conducted to assess
safety and gain preliminary evidence of the efficacy of drug candidates, and to determine appropriate dose ranges in patients with the
target indication. In Phase III, clinical trials are conducted in appropriate patient populations to provide sufficient data for the statistically
valid evidence of safety and efficacy. The time and expense that will be required for us to perform this clinical development can vary
and is substantial. We cannot be certain that we will successfully complete Phase I, Phase II or Phase III clinical trials within any
specific period, if at all. Furthermore, the FDA, the IRB are responsible for approving and monitoring the clinical trials at a given
site, the Data Safety Monitoring Board, where one is used, or we may suspend the clinical trials at any time on various grounds, including
a finding that subjects or patients are exposed to unacceptable health risk. Given that a number of our clinical trials are likely to
be performed using drug candidates containing controlled substances, there is the added requirement for compliance with DEA regulations
(or equivalent competent authority in ex-US countries where the preclinical studies and clinical trials may be conducted). DEA requirements
for State and Federal DEA Registration for receipt, storage, and dispensing of controlled substances vary from state to state and the
DEA Registration process can be lengthy and requirement multiple site visits by DEA personnel. This is further complicated if the controlled
substance needs temperature regulation as well as controlled access / storage. Failure to gain or delay to gaining the necessary DEA registrations
at one or more non-clinical (CMC), laboratory or manufacturing or packaging or labelling sites, preclinical study sites, analytical laboratories
or clinical trial sites may delay the delivery of materials to key stakeholders. For example, delay of delivery of investigational product
to a clinical trial site, may ultimately delay the initiation, conduct or completion of clinical trials critical for the approval of the
product. These failures or delays may delay also the development of other drug candidates and hinder our ability to develop and / or conduct
related preclinical studies and clinical trials. Additionally, if we have failures or delays in DEA registrations in pivotal or critical
programs, we may also be expected to experience challenges, delays or even the inability to obtain additional financing at acceptable
terms and conditions to develop these or other drug candidates. 

If the clinical data from
these clinical trials (Phases I, II and III) are deemed to support the safety and effectiveness of the drug candidate for its intended
use, and the preclinical and quality data are also acceptable, then we may proceed to seek to file with the FDA, a New Drug Application,
or NDA, with the US FDA seeking approval to market a new drug for one or more specified intended uses. We have not completed our non-clinical
(CMC) studies or preclinical studies or clinical trials for any candidate drug for any intended use and therefore, we cannot ascertain
whether the clinical data will support and justify filing an NDA. Nevertheless, if and when we are able to ascertain that the clinical
data supports and justifies filing an NDA, we intend to make such appropriate filing. 

The purpose of the NDA is
to provide the FDA with sufficient information so that it can assess whether the candidate drug has a positive benefit / risk profile
and whether it should approve the drug candidate for marketing for specific intended uses. 

The fact that the FDA has
previously granted a candidate drug an IND, or designated a drug as an orphan drug for a specific intended use, or granted it Breakthrough
status, or fast track status or an expedited review does not mean that the drug has been approved for marketing. Only after an NDA has
been approved by the FDA is marketing allowed. A request for orphan drug status (orphan drug designation) must be filed before the NDA
is filed. The orphan drug designation, though, provides certain benefits, including a seven-year period of market exclusivity subject
to certain exceptions. 

The NDA normally includes,
but is not limited to, sections describing the quality safety and efficacy of the medicine. The quality section describes the chemistry,
manufacturing, and controls, the preclinical (non-clinical) section describes the non-clinical pharmacology, safety pharmacology, drug
metabolism, and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) and toxicology, human pharmacokinetics and bioavailability, and the clinical section describes
the efficacy and safety results of the clinical trials, and the proposed labeling which contains, among other things, the intended uses
of the candidate drug. Importantly for drug candidates containing controlled substances, studies investigating the medicine s potential
for abuse are also undertaken and reported. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

We cannot take any action
to market any new drug or biologic drug in the United States until our appropriate marketing application has been approved by the FDA.
The FDA has substantial discretion over the approval process and may disagree with our interpretation of the data submitted. The process
may be significantly extended by requests for additional information or clarification regarding information already provided. As part
of this review, the FDA may refer the application to an appropriate advisory committee, typically a panel of clinicians. Satisfaction
of these and other regulatory requirements typically takes several years, and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon
the type, complexity and novelty of the drug. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketing of potential drugs for a considerable
period and impose costly procedures on our activities. We cannot be certain that the FDA or other regulatory agencies will approve any
of our drugs on a timely basis, if at all. Success in preclinical or early stage clinical trials does not assure success in later-stage
clinical trials. Even if a drug receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific indications or uses
and these limitations may adversely affect the commercial viability of the drug / medicine. Delays in obtaining, or failures to obtain
regulatory approvals, would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Even after we obtain FDA
approval, we may be required to conduct further studies which may be additional preclinical studies or clinical trials (e.g. Phase IV
trials) and provide additional data on safety and effectiveness. We are also required to gain separate approval for the use of an approved
drug as a treatment for indications other than those initially approved. In addition, side effects or adverse events that are reported
during clinical trials can delay, impede or prevent marketing approval. Similarly, adverse events that are reported after marketing approval
can result in additional limitations being placed on the drug s use and, potentially, withdrawal of the drug from the market. Any
adverse event, either before or after marketing approval, can result in product liability claims against the company. 

As an alternate
path for FDA approval of new indications or new formulations of previously-approved drugs, a company may file a Section 505(b)(2) NDA,
instead of a stand-alone or full NDA. Section 505(b)(2) of the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act was enacted as
part of the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. Section 505(b)(2)
permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for
the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Some examples of drugs that may be allowed to follow
a 505(b)(2) path to approval are drugs that have a new dosage form, strength, route of administration, formulation or indication. The
Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit the applicant to rely upon certain published nonclinical or clinical studies conducted for an approved
drug or the FDA s conclusions from prior review of such studies. The FDA may require companies to perform additional studies or
measurements to support any changes from the approved drug. The FDA may then approve the new drug for all or some of the labeled indications
for which the referenced listed drug has been approved, as well as for any new indication supported by the NDA. While references to nonclinical
and clinical data not generated by the applicant or for which the applicant does not have a right of reference are allowed, all development,
process, stability, qualification, and validation data related to the manufacturing and quality of the new drug must be included in an
NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2). 

To the extent that
the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on the FDA s conclusions regarding studies conducted for an already approved drug, the
applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved drug in the FDA s Orange Book 
publication. Specifically, the applicant must certify that: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent
has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration;
or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new drug. The Section 505(b)(2) application also will not be approved
until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed in the Orange Book for the
reference drug has expired. Thus, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development
of its drugs only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before its drugs may be commercialized. 

In addition to regulating
and auditing human clinical trials, the FDA regulates and inspects equipment, facilities, laboratories and processes used in the manufacturing
and testing of such drugs prior to providing approval to market a drug. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Orphan Drug Designation
in the U.S. 

Under the Orphan Drug Act,
the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is a disease or condition that
affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. If the disease or condition affects more than 200,000 individuals in the
United States, orphan drug designation may nevertheless be available if there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing
and making the drug would be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, a drug that has received orphan drug designation
is eligible for financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax credits for certain research
and user fee waivers under certain circumstances. The Orphan Drug Act provides that, if a designated drug is approved for the rare disease
or condition for which it was designated, the approved drug will be granted seven years of orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA
generally will not approve any other application for a drug containing the same active moiety for the same indication for a period of
seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the drug with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan
drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different
disease or condition. 

Orphan drug designation must
be requested before submission of an application for marketing approval. Products that qualify for orphan designation may also qualify
for other FDA programs that are intended to expedite the development and approval process and, as a practical matter, clinical trials
for orphan products may be smaller, simply because of the smaller patient population. Nonetheless, the same approval standards apply to
orphan- designated products as for other drugs. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of,
the regulatory review and approval process. 

Europe 

The drug development process
in Europe is essentially the same as that required to develop drugs in an acceptable manner in the USA, in that a drug must meet the requirements
for quality safety and efficacy. The international regulators (including the FDA) have a system which allows them to mutually recognize
the standards of drug development. This is called the ICH standard (international Conference on Harmonization). This avoids the need for
pharmaceutical companies to repeat their costly drug development programs for different jurisdictions / international territories. There
are nuances between the requirements of the USA, Europe and Japan but the standards to which development programs must be conducted
are essentially the same. 

There are essentially three
mechanisms for obtaining a marketing authorization (MA) in Europe 

1) 
 the Centralized Procedure 

2) 
 the De-Centralized Procedure 

3) 
 the Mutual Recognition Procedure 

Centralized Procedure
(CP) 

The advantage of the centralized
procedure is that it requires a single application which, if successful, results in a single marketing authorization with the same product
information available in all EU languages and valid in all EU member states / countries,
as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. The scientific assessment of the marketing authorization application is carried out by
the Committee on Human Medicinal Products (CHMP). The scientific review process consists of alternating periods of active evaluation and
periods during which the clock is stopped in order to give the applicant time to resolve any issues identified during the evaluation.
In total, the duration of the process is up to 210 active days before an opinion is issued by the CHMP. Once an opinion
has been given, it is forwarded to the European Commission which then has 67 days to issue a legally binding decision on the marketing
authorization. 

Once a marketing
authorization has been granted, the applicant can start to market the medicine in any EU Member State of its choice. However, in practice
before a medicine is marketed, it will be subject to pricing negotiations and a review of its cost-effectiveness. This is carried out
at national level by Member States to determine reimbursement criteria. Initially, the centralized procedure was mandatory only for biotechnology
medicines, as was the case with the previous concertation procedure. Over time, however, the mandatory scope of the centralized procedure
has been gradually expanded and by 2005, it included orphan medicines (medicines for rare diseases) as well as human medicines that contain
a new active substance (not previously authorized in the Union before 20 November 2005) and that are intended for the treatment of AIDS,
cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions, and viral diseases. In 2009, the centralized
procedure also became mandatory for advanced therapy medicines. The centralized procedure is also optional for other medicines that contain
a new active substance not authorized in the Union before 20 November 2005, and for products which are considered to be a significant
therapeutic, scientific, or technical innovation, or for which an EU-wide authorization is considered to be in the interests of public
health. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

The Decentralized
Procedure (DCP) 

In the decentralized procedure,
the applicant chooses one country as the reference Member State when making its application for marketing authorization. The chosen reference
Member State then prepares a draft assessment report that is submitted to the other Member States where approval is sought for their simultaneous
consideration and approval. In allowing the other Member States access to this assessment at an early stage, any issues and concerns can
be dealt with quickly without delay, which sometimes is known to occur with the mutual recognition procedure (MRP, see below). Compared
with the MRP, the decentralized procedure has the advantage that the marketing authorization in all chosen Member States is received simultaneously,
enabling simultaneous marketing of the medicine and reducing the administrative and regulatory burden. 

The Mutual Recognition
Procedure (MRP) 

The mutual recognition procedure
has been in place since 1995 and evolved from the multi-state licensing procedure. The applicant must initially receive national approval
in one EU Member State, referred to as the Reference Member State (RMS) and then seek approval for the medicine in other,
so-called Concerned Member States in a second step based on the assessment done in the RMS. This process has significant
differences from the former multi-state licensing procedure, notably the requirement that disagreements between Member States must now
be resolved at EU level. Disagreements are handled by the Co-ordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralized Procedures 
Human (CMDh), a body representing Member States, which is responsible for any questions in two or more Member States relating to the Marketing
Authorization (MA) of a medicinal product approved through the mutual recognition or the decentralized procedure. If there is a disagreement
between Member States on grounds of a potential serious risk to public health, the CMDh considers the matter in order to reach an agreement
within 60 days. If resolution is not possible by the CMDh, the procedure is referred to the CHMP in a procedure called a referral. The
CHMP will then carry out a scientific assessment of the relevant medicine on behalf of the EU. In contrast to the previous (multi-state)
procedure, the outcome of the CHMP is binding on the Member States involved once it has been adopted by the European Commission. The timelines
for assessment by CHMP is 60 days. Since the introduction of the decentralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is used for
extending existing marketing authorizations to other countries. 

There are other nuances to
Marketing Authorization approval of medicines in Europe compared with the FDA. For example, a Pediatric Investigation Plan (PIP) is a
development plan aimed at ensuring that the necessary data are obtained through studies in children, to support the authorization of a
medicine for children. All applications for marketing authorization for new medicines have to include the results of studies as described
in an agreed PIP, unless the medicine is exempt because of a deferral or waiver. 

Orphan Drug Designation
in Europe 

In the European Union, it
is also possible to obtain an orphan drug designation for a pipeline drug candidate. This also entitles a company to financial incentives
such as a reduction of fees or fee waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug approval. This period may be reduced to
six years if the orphan drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the drug is sufficiently profitable
not to justify maintenance of market exclusivity. The definition of what qualifies as a rare disease in Europe is slightly different to
the USA definition. 

To qualify for orphan
designation in Europe, a medicine must meet a number of criteria: 

it must be intended for the treatment, prevention or diagnosis of a disease that is life-threatening or chronically debilitating; 

the prevalence of the condition in the EU must not be more than 5 in 10,000 or it must be unlikely that marketing of the medicine would generate sufficient returns to justify the investment needed for its development; 

no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment of the condition concerned can be authorized, or, if such a method exists, the medicine must be of significant benefit to those affected by the condition. 

As with the USA, European
Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 

In the same way that there
is no guarantee than any medicines developed by Alterola will be approved in the USA, there is similarly no guarantee that any of Alterola s
medicines will be approved in Europe. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Non-Pharmaceuticals 

Food, Drinks 
Dietary Supplements 

USA 

According to the FDA, it
is currently illegal to market THC or CBD by adding it to a food or labeling it as a dietary supplement. Based on available evidence,
FDA has concluded that THC and CBD products are excluded from the dietary supplement definition under section 201(ff)(3)(B) of the FD C
Act [21 U.S.C. 321(ff)(3)(B)]. Under that provision, if a substance (such as THC or CBD) is an active ingredient in a drug product
that has been approved under section 505 of the FD C Act [21 U.S.C. 355], or has been authorized for investigation as a new
drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and for which the existence of such investigations has been made
public, then products containing that substance are excluded from the definition of a dietary supplement. FDA considers a substance to
be authorized for investigation as a new drug if it is the subject of an Investigational New Drug application (IND) that has
gone into effect. Under FDA s regulations (21 CFR 312.2), unless a clinical investigation meets the limited criteria in that regulation,
an IND is required for all clinical investigations of products that are subject to section 505 of the FD C Act. 

There is an exception to
section 201(ff)(3)(B) if the substance was marketed as a dietary supplement or as a conventional food before the drug was
approved or before the new drug investigations were authorized, as applicable. However, based on available evidence, FDA has concluded
that this is not the case for THC or CBD. FDA is not aware of any evidence that would call into question its current conclusions that
THC and CBD products are excluded from the dietary supplement definition under section 201(ff)(3)(B) of the FD C Act. FDA continues
to review information that is submitted to FDA on this issue, but to date this has not caused FDA to change their conclusions. 

Given the legal / regulatory
situation at present in the USA, at this time, Alterola will not be looking to commercialize cannabinoid-containing ingredients or products
in the food, drinks or dietary supplements sector in the USA. 

Europe - Novel Food Application
(Europe) 

Under EU regulations,
any food that was not consumed significantly prior to May 1997 is considered to be a Novel Food . The category
covers new foods, food from new sources, new substances used in food as well as new ways and technologies for producing food. There is
a specific procedure for gaining a Novel Food Approval in Europe. 

The novel food status of
CBD extracts was confirmed in January 2019. This means that applicants need to apply for authorization of CBD extracts and isolates using
the procedure for full applications (rather than a traditional food) outlined in the European Food Standards Agency (EFSA) guidance. 

In general, the process is
as follows: (1) The applicant submits a Novel Food application; (2) the application is reviewed and if compliant validated by the European
Commission to see if it falls within the scope of Novel Food Regulation (EU) 2015 / 2283 (EC validity check); (3) the European Food Standards
Agency (EFSA) undertakes a suitability check to see if the application fulfils the requirements of article 10(2) of (EU) 2015 / 2283;
(4) EFSA reviews and performs a risk assessment and gives an opinion within 9 months of receipt of a valid application (5) the EC drafts
an implementing act authorizing the placement on the market of a Novel Food and updating the EU list, within 7 months of the EFSA opinion.
This process can take approximately 18 months from receipt of a valid application, although it can take longer in some cases. 

Given the legal
and regulated process in Europe, Alterola intends to submit Novel Food applications for cannabinoid-containing ingredients and / or products
in the food, drinks or dietary supplements sector in Europe, where it is legal to do so. It may be several years before we can obtain
approval and commence commercialization of such ingredients, if ever. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Rest of The World (RoW) 

Given the varying
legal and regulated processes for regulatory approval of for cannabinoid-containing ingredients and / or products in the food, drinks
or dietary supplements sector in countries outside of the USA and Europe, Alterola will consider gaining such approval in countries /
territories where it is legal to do so. These will be considered on a case-by-case basis as appropriate. It may be several years before
we can obtain approval and commence commercialization of such ingredients, if ever. 

Cosmetics 

USA 

A cosmetic is defined in
the Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act 201(i) as (1) articles intended to be rubbed, poured, sprinkled, or sprayed on, introduced into,
or otherwise applied to the human body or any part thereof for cleansing, beautifying, promoting attractiveness, or altering the appearance,
and (2) articles intended for use as a component of any such articles; except that such term shall not include soap. 

Under the FD C Act, cosmetic
products and ingredients are not subject to premarket approval by FDA, except for most color additives. Certain cosmetic ingredients are
prohibited or restricted by regulation, but currently that is not the case for any cannabis or cannabis-derived ingredients. Ingredients
not specifically addressed by regulation must nonetheless comply with all applicable requirements, and no ingredient including
a cannabis or cannabis-derived ingredient cannot be used in a cosmetic if it causes the product to be adulterated or misbranded
in any way. A cosmetic generally is adulterated if it bears or contains any poisonous or deleterious substance which may render it injurious
to users under the conditions of use prescribed in the labeling, or under such conditions of use as are customary or usual (section 601(a)
of the FD C Act [21 U.S.C. 361(a)]). 

Alterola may choose
to supply active ingredient(s) to cosmetic companies within the USA where it is legal to do so. However, although the company is focused
upon producing low cost of goods ingredients, there is no guarantee that the company will be able to produce cosmetic ingredients at the
purity required of at a cost of goods which will enable the company to compete within other suppliers of cosmetic ingredients to cosmetic
companies. Alterola has no intention in producing its own cosmetic products. It may be several years before we can obtain approval and
commence commercialization of such ingredients, if ever. 

Europe 

The use of CBD in cosmetics
is harmonized within the European Cosmetic Regulation 1223/2009, under entry 306 Narcotics, natural and synthetic of Annex
II, and has been for some time. The regulation prohibits use of cannabis and cannabis extracts in cosmetics, as they are controlled substances
in Schedule I of the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. However, CBD specifically is not referenced in this convention. At the
beginning of 2019, the European Commission (EC) added two entries to its database of cosmetics ingredients for CBD to differentiate between:
CBD derived from extract or tincture or resin of cannabis and CBD synthetically produced . Both entries contain
the same text: Cannabidiol (CBD) as such, irrespective of its source, is not listed in the Schedules of the 1961 Single Convention
on Narcotic Drugs. However, it shall be prohibited from use in cosmetic products (II/306) if it is prepared as an extract or tincture
or resin of Cannabis in accordance with the Single Convention. Please note that national legislations on controlled substances may also
apply. Essentially, use of naturally-derived CBD from cannabis plants is prohibited in the EU but use of hemp-derived or synthetically-produced
CBD is allowed. However, the Single Convention s banned ingredients list does not include cannabis seeds or leaves without tops,
meaning use of CBD derived from these parts of the cannabis plant is not currently prohibited. 

It is Alterola s intention
to supply active ingredient(s) to cosmetic companies within the EU where it is legal to do so. However, although the company is focused
upon producing low cost of goods ingredients, there is no guarantee that the company will be able to produce cosmetic ingredients at the
purity required of at a cost of goods which will enable the company to compete within other suppliers of cosmetic ingredients to cosmetic
companies. Alterola has no intention in producing its own cosmetic products. It may be several years before we can obtain approval and
commence commercialization of such ingredients, if ever. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

Rest of the World 

Given the varying legal and
regulated processes for regulatory approval of for cannabinoid-containing ingredients and / or products in the cosmetic sector in countries
outside of the USA and Europe, Alterola will consider gaining such approval in countries / territories where it is legal to do so. These
will be considered on a case-by-case basis as appropriate. 

Employees 

At present, there is one
active employee other than our officers and directors. The officers, directors and senior managers oversee all responsibilities in corporate
administration, business development and research and development. If finances permit, however, we intend to expand our current management
to retain skilled directors, officers and employees with experience relevant to our business focus. 

Property 

We do not own any real property.
We maintain our corporate offices at 47 Hamilton Square Birkenhead Merseyside CH41 5AR United Kingdom. One of the company directors has
a beneficial ownership in the property, which is leased on arm s length terms. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may
become party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently
a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings that we believe to be material or which, individually or in the aggregate,
would be expected to have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operation if determined adversely to us. 

Smaller Reporting Company 

The Company is a smaller
reporting company as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act. There are certain exemptions available to us as a smaller reporting
company, including: (1) not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley
Act; (2) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (3) the requirement to provide only two years of audited financial statements,
instead of three years. As long as we maintain our status as a smaller reporting company , these exemptions will continue
to be available to us. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in our securities involves a high degree
of risk. In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, prospective investors should carefully consider
the following risks before investing in our securities. If any of the following risks actually occur, as well as other risks not currently
known to us or that we currently consider immaterial, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
affected. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common
stock. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed
in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
In assessing the risks below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the
financial statements and the related notes, before deciding to purchase any of our securities. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Risk Related to Covid
19 

Our
business and future operations may be adversely affected by epidemics and pandemics, such as the recent COVID-19 outbreak. 

For the year ended March
31, 2023, COVID-19 has not had any material impact on our operations, supply chain, liquidity or capital resources. However, we may face
risks related to health epidemics and/or pandemics and/or other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could result in a widespread
health crisis that could adversely affect general commercial activity and the economies and financial markets of the world as a whole.
For example, the outbreak of COVID-19, which began in China, has been declared by the World Health Organization to be a pandemic, 
has spread across the globe, including the United States of America. A health epidemic or pandemic or other outbreak of communicable diseases,
such as the current COVID-19 pandemic, poses the risk that we, or potential business partners may be disrupted or prevented from conducting
business activities for certain periods of time, the durations of which are uncertain, and may otherwise experience significant impairments
of business activities, including due to, among other things, operational shutdowns or suspensions that may be requested or mandated by
national or local governmental authorities or self-imposed by us, our users or other business partners. For example, due to COVID-19,
we have been unable to travel across the relevant jurisdictions pertaining to our business and foresee this as an ongoing issue. While
it is not possible at this time to estimate the full impact that COVID-19 could have on our business, potential users or other potential
business partners, the continued spread of COVID-19, the measures taken by the local and federal government, actions taken to protect
employees, and the impact of the pandemic on various business activities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Risks Relating
to Our Financial Condition 

There are doubts about
our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have generated no revenue,
and have an accumulated deficit of 9,576,247 through March 31, 2023. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. 

There can be no assurance
that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds will be available from
external sources, such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital resulting from the inability
to generate cash flow from operations, or to raise capital from external sources would force us to substantially curtail or cease operations
and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on its business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any such required funds,
if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect on our existing stockholders. 

We seek to overcome the circumstances
that impact our ability to remain a going concern through a combination of the growth of revenues, with interim cash flow deficiencies
being addressed through additional equity and debt financing. We anticipate raising additional funds through public or private financing,
strategic relationships or other arrangements in the near future to support its business operations; however, we may not have commitments
from third parties for a sufficient amount of additional capital. We cannot be certain that any such financing will be available on acceptable
terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital when needed could limit our ability to continue operations. Our ability to obtain additional
funding will determine the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Failure to secure additional financing in a timely
manner and on favorable terms would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance, results of operations and stock price
and require us to curtail or cease operations, sell off our assets, seek protection from our creditors through bankruptcy proceedings,
or otherwise. Furthermore, additional equity financing may be dilutive to the holders of our common stock, and debt financing, if available,
may involve restrictive covenants, and strategic relationships, if necessary, to raise additional funds, and may require that we relinquish
valuable rights. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Because we have
a limited operating history, you may not be able to accurately evaluate our operations. 

We have had limited operations
to date. Therefore, we have a limited operating history upon which to evaluate the merits of investing in our company. Potential investors
should be aware of the difficulties normally encountered by new companies and the high rate of failure of such enterprises. The likelihood
of success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays encountered in connection with
the operations that we plan to undertake. These potential problems include, but are not limited to, unanticipated problems relating to
the ability to generate sufficient cash flow to operate our business, and additional costs and expenses that may exceed current estimates.
We expect to continue to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. We recognize that if the effectiveness of our business
plan is not forthcoming, we will not be able to continue business operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as
to the likelihood that we will prove successful, and it is doubtful that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable
operations. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks, our business will most likely fail. 

We are dependent on
outside financing for continuation of our operations. 

Because we have generated
no revenues and currently operate at a loss, we are completely dependent on the continued availability of financing in order to continue
our business operations. There can be no assurance that financing sufficient to enable us to continue our operations will be available
to us in the future. 

We will need additional funds
to complete further development of our business plan to achieve a sustainable level where ongoing operations can be funded out of revenues.
Although certain shareholder affiliates, through their respective companies, have committed to enter into loan agreements with our company
to provide up to 4,000,000 USD of working capital, we anticipate that we must raise 25,000,000 for our operations for the next 12 months,
and 81,000,000 in total for our initial clinical development programs. We will require further funding to fully implement our business
plan to its fullest potential and achieve our growth plans. There is no assurance that any additional financing will be available or if
available, on terms that will be acceptable to us. 

Our failure to obtain future
financing or to produce levels of revenue to meet our financial needs could result in our inability to continue as a going concern and,
as a result, our investors could lose their entire investment. 

Our operating results
may fluctuate, which could have a negative impact on our ability to grow our client base, establish sustainable revenues and succeed overall. 

Our results of operations
may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control including but not limited to: 

general economic conditions in the geographies and industries where we sell our services and conduct operations; legislative policies where we sell our services and conduct operations; 

the budgetary constraints of our customers; seasonality; 

success of our strategic growth initiatives; 

costs associated with the launching or integration of new or acquired businesses; timing of new product introductions by us, our suppliers and our competitors; product and service mix, availability, utilization and pricing; 

the mix, by state and country, of our revenues, personnel and assets; movements in interest rates or tax rates; and 

changes in, and application of, accounting rules; changes in the regulations applicable to us; and litigation matters. 

As a result of these factors,
we may not succeed in our business and we could go out of business. 

As a growing
company, we have yet to achieve a profit and may not achieve a profit in the near future, if at all. 

We have not yet produced
any revenues or profit and may not in the near future, if at all. We cannot be certain that we will be able to realize sufficient revenue
to achieve profitability. Further, many of our competitors have a significantly larger industry presence and revenue stream but have yet
to achieve profitability. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions, increasing
revenue and keeping operating expenses below our revenue levels in order to achieve positive cash flows, none of which can be assured. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related with Management
and Control Persons 

We are dependent on
the continued services of our key staff and if we fail to keep them or fail to attract and retain qualified senior executive and key technical
personnel, our business will not be able to expand. 

We are dependent on the continued
availability of Timothy Rogers (Executive Chairman), David Hitchcock (Chief Executive Officer, CEO), Colin Stott (Chief Operating Officer,
COO), Dominic Schiller (Chief IP Officer), and Guy Webber (Preclinical Development Director), and the availability of new employees to
implement our business plans. The market for skilled employees is highly competitive, especially for employees in our industry. Although
we expect that our planned compensation programs will be intended to attract and retain the employees required for us to be successful,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain the services of all our key employees or a sufficient number to execute our plans,
nor can there be any assurance we will be able to continue to attract new employees as required. 

Our lack of adequate
D O insurance may also make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers. 

In the future we may be subject
to additional litigation, including potential class action and stockholder derivative actions. Risks associated with legal liability are
difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods of time. To date, we have
not obtained directors and officers liability D O insurance. Without adequate D O insurance, the amounts we would
pay to indemnify our officers and directors should they be subject to legal action based on their service to the Company could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our lack of adequate D O insurance
may make it difficult for us to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers, which could adversely affect our business. 

Our personnel may voluntarily
terminate their relationship with us at any time, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. The process of locating additional
personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out our strategy could be lengthy, costly and disruptive. 

If we lose the services of
key personnel or fail to replace the services of key personnel who depart, we could experience a severe negative effect on our financial
results and stock price. The loss of the services of any key personnel, marketing or other personnel or our failure to attract, integrate,
motivate and retain additional key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating and financial results and
stock price. 

Our officers and directors
and affiliates have substantial control over us and our policies and will be able to influence corporate matters. 

Our
officers and directors presently beneficially own approximately 47.5 of
our common stock. Additionally, as per the SPA dated October 2022, Bright Green has acquired 25 of our company, subject to the terms
and conditions of the SPA. Our officer and directors and to a lesser extend Bright Green are able to exercise significant influence over
all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors, the approval of significant corporate transactions,
and any change of control of our company. They could prevent transactions, which would be in the best interests of the other shareholders.
Our officers, directors and affiliates interests may not necessarily be in the best interests of the shareholders in general. 

The elimination of
monetary liability against our directors, officers and employees under our Articles of Incorporation and the existence of indemnification
rights to our directors, officers and employees may result in substantial expenditures by our Company and may discourage lawsuits against
our directors, officers and employees . 

Our Articles of Incorporation
contain provisions that eliminate the liability of our directors for monetary damages to our Company and shareholders. Our bylaws also
require us to indemnify our officers and directors. We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under our agreements with
our directors, officers and employees. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in our company incurring substantial expenditures
to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors, officers and employees that we may be unable to recoup. These provisions
and resulting costs may also discourage our company from bringing a lawsuit against directors, officers and employees for breaches of
their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our shareholders against our directors, officers
and employees even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our Company and shareholders. 

Our officers and directors
have limited experience managing a public company. 

Our officers and directors
have limited experience managing a public company. Consequently, we may not be able to raise any funds or run our public company successfully.
Our executive s officers and directors lack of experience of managing a public company could cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to our
Common Stock 

We will likely conduct
further offerings of our equity securities in the future, in which case your proportionate interest may become diluted. 

We will likely be required
to conduct equity offerings in the future to finance our current projects or to finance subsequent projects that we decide to undertake.
If our common stock shares are issued in return for additional funds, the price per share could be lower than that paid by our current
shareholders. We anticipate continuing to rely on equity sales of our common stock shares in order to fund our business operations. If
we issue additional common stock shares or securities convertible into shares of our common stock, your percentage interest in us could
become diluted. 

Our common stock price
may be volatile and could fluctuate widely in price, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 

Our common stock is quoted
on the OTC Markets under the symbol, ABTI. The market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could
fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

government regulation of our products and services; 

the establishment of partnerships with pharmaceutical, food, cosmetic research and development (R D) and / or manufacturing companies; 

intellectual property disputes; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

sales of our common stock 

our ability to integrate operations, technology, products and services; 

our ability to execute our business plan; 

operating results below expectations; 

loss of any strategic relationship; 

industry developments; 

economic and other external factors; and 

period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results. 

Because we have no revenues
to date, you should consider any one of these factors to be material. Our stock price may fluctuate widely as a result of any of the above. 

In addition, the securities
markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of
particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

Our existing stockholders
may experience significant dilution from the sale of our common stock pursuant to the EMC2 Purchase Agreement. 

The sale of our common stock
to EMC2 in accordance with the Purchase Agreement may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders. As a result, the market price of our
common stock could decline. In addition, the lower our stock price is at the time we exercise our put options, the more shares of our
common stock we will have to issue to EMC2 in order to exercise a put under the Purchase Agreement. If our stock price decreases, then
our existing shareholders would experience greater dilution for any given dollar amount raised through the offering. 

The perceived risk of dilution
may cause our stockholders to sell their shares, which may cause a decline in the price of our common stock. Moreover, the perceived risk
of dilution and the resulting downward pressure on our stock price could encourage investors to engage in short sales of our common stock.
By increasing the number of shares offered for sale, material amounts of short selling could further contribute to progressive price declines
in our common stock. 

The issuance of shares
pursuant to the EMC2 Purchase Agreement may have significant dilutive effect. 

Depending on the number of
shares we issue pursuant to the EMC2 Purchase Agreement, it could have a significant dilutive effect upon our existing shareholders. Although
the number of shares that we may issue pursuant to the Purchase Agreement will vary based on our stock price (the higher our stock price,
the less shares we have to issue), there may be a potential dilutive effect to our shareholders, based on different potential future stock
prices, if the full amount of the Purchase Agreement is realized. Dilution is based upon common stock put to EMC2 and the stock price
discounted to 91 of the lowest sales price on the purchase date. 

EMC2 will pay less
than the then-prevailing market price of our common stock which could cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

Our common stock to be issued
under the EMC2 Purchase Agreement will be purchased at 91 of the lowest sales price on the purchase date. EMC2 has a financial incentive
to sell our shares immediately upon receiving them to realize the profit between the discounted price and the market price. If EMC2 sells
our shares, the price of our common stock may decrease. If our stock price decreases, EMC2 may have further incentive to sell such shares.
Accordingly, the discounted sales price in the Purchase Agreement may cause the price of our common stock to decline. 

We have never declared
or paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. And we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. 

We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends or distributions on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to support operations
and to finance expansion and therefore we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

The declaration, payment
and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of the board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things,
the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements, and other factors as the board
of directors considers relevant. There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance
with respect to the amount of any such dividend. 

We may become involved
in securities class action litigation that could divert management s attention and harm our business. 

The stock market in general,
and the shares of early-stage companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations have
often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the companies involved. If these fluctuations occur in the future,
the market price of our shares could fall regardless of our operating performance. In the past, following periods of volatility in the
market price of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company.
If the market price or volume of our shares suffers extreme fluctuations, then we may become involved in this type of litigation, which
would be expensive and divert management s attention and resources from managing our business. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

As a public company, we may
also from time to time make forward-looking statements about future operating results and provide some financial guidance to the public
markets. Projections may not be made timely or set at expected performance levels and could materially affect the price of our shares.
Any failure to meet published forward-looking statements that adversely affect the stock price could result in losses to investors, stockholder
lawsuits or other litigation, sanctions or restrictions issued by the SEC. 

Our common stock is
currently deemed a penny stock, which makes it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares. 

Our common stock is currently
deemed a penny stock, which makes it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares. The SEC has adopted rule 3a51-1
which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market
price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction
involving a penny stock, unless exempt, Rule 15g-9 requires: 

that
a broker or dealer approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, and 

 the
broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny
stock to be purchased. 

In order
to approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: 

obtain
financial information and investment experience objectives of the person, and 

 make
a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge
and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. 

The broker or dealer must
also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market,
which, in highlight form: 

sets
forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination and 

 that
the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. 

Generally, brokers may be
less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult for
investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Risks Related to Acquisition
Activities 

We have made and expect
to continue to engage in acquisition activities that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 

Our
growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely
basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through potential acquisitions
of other companies, product lines, technologies, and personnel, or, for example as a result of the intended acquisition by
Bright Green, by a transaction that may involve the acquisition of our company by companies looking to enhance their value. Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, including the following: 

Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired companies, particularly companies with large and widespread operations and/or complex products; 

Diversion of management s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions; 

Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development intangibles; 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions; 

Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains; 

Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions; and 

The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after announcement of acquisition plans. 

Acquisitions may also cause
us to: 

Issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders percentage ownership; 

Use a substantial portion of our cash resources or incur debt; 

Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition; 

Assume liabilities; 

Record goodwill and nonamortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges; 

Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets; 

Incur tax expenses related to the effect of acquisitions on our intercompany research and development cost sharing arrangement and legal structure; 

Incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses; and 

Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation. 

Mergers and acquisitions
are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions
will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage
and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions could result in a
wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so. Even when an acquired company
has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that
pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. 

From time to time, we have
made acquisitions that resulted in charges in an individual quarter. These charges may occur in any particular quarter, resulting in variability
in our quarterly earnings. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions.
Risks related to new product development also apply to acquisitions. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Acquisitions, joint
ventures or other strategic transactions create certain risks and may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Acquisitions, partnerships
and joint ventures are part of our growth strategy. We evaluate and expect in the future to evaluate potential strategic acquisitions
of, and partnerships or joint ventures with, complementary businesses, services or technologies. We may not be successful in identifying
acquisition, partnership and joint venture targets. In addition, we may not be able to successfully finance or integrate any businesses,
services or technologies that we acquire or with which we form a partnership or joint venture. 

We may not be able to identify
suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions in the future, which could adversely affect our future growth; or businesses
that we acquire may not perform as well as expected or may be more difficult or expensive to integrate and manage than expected, which
could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition, the process of integrating these acquisitions may disrupt
our business and divert our resources. 

In addition, acquisitions outside our current
operating jurisdictions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: 

managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities; 

integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; 

complying with foreign regulatory requirements; 

fluctuations in exchange rates; 

enforcement and protection of intellectual property in some foreign countries; 

difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of these new markets; and 

general economic and political conditions. 

These risks may arise for
a number of reasons: we may not be able to find suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms;
we may face competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirers; we may need to borrow money or sell equity or debt securities
to the public to finance acquisitions and the terms of these financings may be adverse to us; changes in accounting, tax, securities or
other regulations could increase the difficulty or cost for us to complete acquisitions; we may incur unforeseen obligations or liabilities
in connection with acquisitions; we may need to devote unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business; we may
not realize expected operating efficiencies or product integration benefits from an acquisition; we could enter markets where we have
minimal prior experience; and we may experience decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges. 

We cannot ensure that any
acquisition, partnership or joint venture we make will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Relating to Our
Company and Industry 

Our
future success will largely depend on the success of our drug candidates, which development will require significant
capital resources and years of preclinical and clinical development effort. 

We currently have no drug
products on the market, and none of our drug development projects / pipeline drug candidates
has reached preclinical development or clinical trial status. Our business depends almost entirely on the successful clinical
development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our pipeline drug candidates. Investors need to be aware
that substantial additional investments including preclinical and clinical development and regulatory approval efforts will
be required before we are permitted to market and commercialize our pipeline drug
candidates, if ever. It may be several years before we can commence clinical trials, if ever.
Any clinical trial will be subject to extensive and rigorous review and regulation
by numerous government authorities in the United States, the European Union, and other jurisdictions where
we intend, if approved, to market our pipeline drug candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for any of our
pipeline drug candidates, we must demonstrate through preclinical testing and clinical trials that the pipeline drug candidate
is safe and effective for its specific application. This process can take many years and may include post- marketing
studies and surveillance, which would require the expenditure of substantial resources. Of the large number of drugs in development
for approval in the United States, European Union (and the rest of the world), only a small percentage
will successfully complete the FDA regulatory approval process or be granted authorization to be marketed in
the European Commission or the other competent authorities in the European Union EU Member States, or the rest
of the world. Accordingly, even if we obtain the sufficient financing to fund our planned research, development and
clinical programs, we cannot assure you that any of our pipeline drug candidates will be successfully developed or commercialized. 

We
may be unable to formulate or scale-up any or all of our pipeline drug candidates. There is no guarantee that any of the pipeline
drug candidates will be or are able to be manufactured or produced in a manner to meet the FDA s (or any other international regulatory
agency s) criteria for product stability, content uniformity and all other criteria necessary
for product approval in the United States and other markets. Any of our pipeline drug candidates may fail to achieve their specified endpoints
in clinical trials. 

Furthermore,
pipeline drug candidates may not be approved even if they achieve their specified endpoints in clinical trials.
The FDA or any other international regulatory agency) may disagree with our trial design and
our interpretation of data from clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval
even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. The FDA may also approve a drug for fewer
or more limited indications than we request, or may grant approval contingent on the performance of
costly post-approval clinical trials (i.e., Phase IV trials). In addition, the FDA may not approve the labeling
claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our pipeline drug candidates. 

If we are unable to expand
our pipeline and obtain regulatory approval for our pipeline drug candidates within the timelines
we anticipate, we will not be able to execute our business strategy effectively and our ability to substantially grow
our revenues will be limited, which would have a material adverse impact on our long-term business, results of operations,
financial condition, and prospects. 

Our
drug development projects, if approved, may be unable to achieve the expected market acceptance and, consequently,
limit our ability to generate revenue. 

Even when drug development
is successful and regulatory approval has been obtained, our ability to generate significant
revenue depends on the acceptance of our (then) approved medicines by physicians, prescribers and patients. We cannot assure
you that any of our pipeline drug candidates will achieve the expected market acceptance and revenue, if and when we obtain the regulatory
approvals. The market acceptance of any drug depends on a number of factors, including the indication statement and warnings approved
by regulatory authorities for the drug label, continued demonstration of efficacy and safety
in commercial use, physicians / prescribers willingness to prescribe the drug, reimbursement from third-party payers
such as government health care systems and insurance companies, the price of the drug, the nature
of any post-approval risk management plans mandated by regulatory authorities, competition,
and marketing and distribution support. Any factors preventing or limiting the market acceptance of our drugs could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Results
of preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive indicators of future results. 

Any
positive results from future preclinical testing of our pipeline drug candidates and potential future clinical trials may
not necessarily be predictive of the results from Phase 1, Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trials. In addition, our interpretation of results
derived from clinical data or our conclusions based on our preclinical data may prove inaccurate.
Frequently, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have suffered significant setbacks
in clinical trials after achieving positive results in preclinical testing and early phase clinical trials, and we cannot
be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks may be caused by the fact
that preclinical and clinical data can be susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses.
Furthermore, certain pipeline drug candidates may perform satisfactorily in preclinical
studies and clinical trials, but nonetheless fail to obtain FDA approval, a marketing authorization granted by the European
Commission, or appropriate approvals by the appropriate medicines regulatory authorities in other countries.
If we fail to produce positive results in our clinical trials for our pipeline drug candidates, the development timeline
and regulatory approval and commercialization prospects for them and as a result our business and financial prospects, would
be materially adversely affected. 

The
regulatory approval processes with the FDA, the EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities is lengthy
and inherently unpredictable. 

We
are not permitted to market our drug candidates as medicines in the United
States or the European Union or other countries until we receive approval of a
New Drug Application NDA from the FDA or a Marketing Authorization Application MAA from the European Commission, respectively, or in any foreign countries until we receive the approval from the regulatory
authorities of such countries. Prior to submitting an NDA to the FDA or an MAA to the EMA for approval
of our drug candidates we will need to have completed our preclinical studies and clinical trials. Successfully completing any
clinical program and obtaining approval of an NDA or MAA is a complex, lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and the FDA or EMA (or
other country medicines regulatory body) may delay, limit or deny approval of pipeline drug candidates for many reasons, including, among
others, because: 

an inability to demonstrate that our pipeline drug candidates are safe and effective in treating patients to the satisfaction of the FDA or EMA (or any other country s medicine regulatory body); 

results of clinical trials that may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required by the FDA or EMA (or any other country s medicine regulatory body); 

disagreements with the FDA or EMA (or any other country s medicine regulatory body) with respect to the number, design, size, conduct or implementation of clinical trials; 

requirements by the FDA and EMA (or any other country s medicine regulatory body) to conduct additional clinical trials; 

disapproval by the FDA or EMA or other applicable foreign regulatory authorities of certain formulations, labeling or specifications of pipeline drug candidates; 

findings by the FDA or EMA (or any other country s medicine regulatory body) that the data from preclinical studies and clinical trials are insufficient; 

the FDA or EMA (or any other country s medicine regulatory body) may disagree with the interpretation of data from preclinical studies and clinical trials; and 

the FDA, European Commission or EMA or other applicable foreign regulatory agencies may change their approval policies or adopt new regulations. 

Any
of these factors, many of which are beyond our control, could increase development time
and / or costs or jeopardize our ability to obtain regulatory approval for
our drug candidates. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

We
may apply for orphan drug status granted by the FDA and / or EMA for
some of our drug candidates for the treatment of rare diseases. 

Regulatory
authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and the European Union, may designate drugs for
relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. The FDA may grant Orphan Drug Designation (ODD) to drugs intended to
treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. In the European
Union, the EMA s Committee for Orphan Medicinal Products grants orphan drug designation to promote the development
of drugs that are intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of life-threatening or chronically debilitating conditions
affecting not more than 5 in 10,000 persons in the European Union. Additionally, such designation is granted for drugs intended for the
diagnosis, prevention or treatment of a life-threatening, seriously debilitating or
serious and chronic condition and when, without incentives, it is unlikely that sales of the drug in the European Union would be sufficient
to justify the necessary investment in developing the drug. 

In the USA, orphan drug designation
entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical
trial costs, tax credits for certain research and user fee waivers under certain circumstances. In addition, if a drug receives
the first FDA approval for the drug and indication for which it has orphan drug designation, the drug is entitled to seven years of market
exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application for the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven
years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the
drug with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the
same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. 

In
the European Union, orphan drug designation also entitles a party to financial incentives such as reduction of fees or fee
waivers and ten years of market exclusivity following drug approval. This period may be reduced to six years if the orphan
drug designation criteria are no longer met, including where it is shown that the drug is sufficiently profitable so that
market exclusivity is no longer justified. 

Whilst the company may wish
to apply for ODDs for some or all of its pipeline drug candidates, there is no guarantee that FDA or EMA (or any other international regulatory
body) will grant an ODD for any of the company s pipeline drug candidates. 

Our
drug candidates may become subject to controlled substance laws and regulations in the U.S. 

While cannabis and some cannabinoids
are controlled substances under the CSA in the United States, we plan to initially focus our drug development projects using cannabinoids
and other molecules that are produced from a variety of sources: (1) produced via chemical
synthesis and / or (2) produced biosynthetically and / or (3) produced via botanical means. 

A
number of cannabinoid-containing medicines, such as Marinol or
Syndros (containing
dronabinol), or Epidiolex (containing
botanically-derived cannabidiol) or Cesamet (containing
nabilone) have been approved by the FDA for various indications. 

In the USA, while cannabis -derived
cannabinoids with a THC content greater than 0.3 , during development - are categorized as Schedule I substances under
the CSA, the scheduling changes once a medicine has been approved by the FDA. 

Marinol ,
a capsule formulation which contains synthetic tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC when
formulated is a Schedule III medicine.
Syndros (which
also contains synthetic THC, dronabinol) is a liquid formulation as is classified as Schedule II. 

Epidiolex was
initially a Schedule V medicine when it was introduced in 2018, but was descheduled by the DEA in 2020. It was completely de-scheduled
on April 06, 2020. 

It
is our intention to produce pipeline drug candidates via synthetic, and / or biosynthetic and
/ or botanical means, which may produce complex mixtures and /or extracts
or purified drug substance as API. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Depending upon the content
of our selected API(s), and their subsequent controlled drug status in the USA, and if the company conducts preclinical
studies or clinical trials in the United States, we will become subject
to the Controlled Substances Act (CSA) laws and regulation in addition to FDA regulations.
If the Company decides to proceed with APIs which are controlled drugs, it will evaluate where it is best to conduct its research
and preclinical and clinical trials. This may or may not be the USA. 

Nevertheless, our finished
drug products may contain controlled substances as defined in the CSA. Pipeline drug candidates which contain controlled substances are
subject to a high degree of regulation under the CSA, which establishes, among other things,
certain registration, manufacturing quotas, security, recordkeeping, reporting, import,
export and other requirements administered by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA). The DEA classifies controlled substances into five schedules: Schedule
I, II, III, IV or V substances. Schedule I substances, by definition, have a high potential for abuse, have no currently
 accepted medical use in the United States, lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and may not
be prescribed, marketed or sold in the United States. Pharmaceutical products approved for use in the United States may
be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered to present the highest potential for abuse
or dependence and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse among such substances. Schedule I and
II drugs are subject to the strictest controls under the CSA, including manufacturing and procurement quotas, security
requirements and criteria for importation. In addition, dispensing of Schedule II drugs is further restricted. For example,
they may not be refilled without a new prescription. 

While
cannabis and some of its derivatives and certain cannabinoids are Schedule I controlled substances, drugs approved
for medical use in the United States that contain cannabis, cannabis extracts or certain cannabinoids must be placed
in Schedules II - V, or unscheduled, since approval by the FDA satisfies the accepted medical use requirement.
If, and when any of our pipeline drug candidates receive FDA approval, for
those that are considered controlled substances under the CSA, the DEA will
make a scheduling determination and place it in a schedule other than Schedule I for it to be prescribed for patients in the United States.
If approved by the FDA, depending upon the products potential for abuse amongst other
factors, the finished dosage forms of any of our pipeline drug candidates may be listed by the DEA as a Schedule II-V controlled substance.
Consequently, their manufacture, importation, exportation, domestic distribution,
storage, sale, and legitimate use may be subject to a significant degree of regulation by the DEA (in the USA) and the corresponding competent
authorities around the world. 

The scheduling process may
take one or more years beyond FDA approval in the USA, thereby significantly delaying
the launch of our drugs / medicines. However, the DEA must issue a temporary order scheduling the drug within 90 days after the FDA approves
the drug and the DEA receives a scientific and medical evaluation and scheduling recommendation
from the Department of Health and Human Services. Furthermore, if the FDA, DEA
or any foreign regulatory authority determines that any of our drugs may have potential for abuse, it may require
us to generate more clinical data than that which is currently anticipated, which could increase the cost and/or delay the
launch of our drugs / medicines or APIs (or food or cosmetic ingredients outside of the USA). 

Clinical
trials of cannabinoid-based drug candidates are novel with very limited or non-existing history; we face a significant
risk that the trials will not result in commercially viable drugs and treatments. 

At present, there is only
a very limited documented clinical trial history from which we can derive any scientific conclusions
for our drug pipeline candidates, or prove that our present assumptions for the current and planned research are scientifically compelling. The
API content of the Investigational Medicinal Products (IMPs) can vary from one IMP to another hence it is not necessarily possible
to extrapolate results from studies with one product and predict efficacy of safety with another product containing a similar API a different
source. Whilst the principal cannabinoid component may be similar, the APIs may differ in terms of minor cannabinoid content, impurity
profiles or degradant profiles. While we are encouraged by the results of clinical trials
by others (where they exist), there can be no assurance that any preclinical study or clinical
trial will result in producing results which will lead to commercially viable drugs or treatments. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Clinical
trials are expensive, time consuming and difficult to design and implement. We, as well as the regulatory authorities
may suspend, delay or terminate our clinical trials at any time, may require us, for various reasons, to conduct
additional clinical trials, or may require a particular clinical trial to continue for a longer duration than originally planned,
including, among others: 

lack of effectiveness of any API, formulation or delivery system during clinical trials; 

discovery of serious or unexpected toxicities or side effects experienced by trial participants or other safety issues; 

slower than expected rates of subject recruitment and enrollment rates in clinical trials; 

delays or inability in manufacturing or obtaining sufficient quantities of GMP-grade materials for use in clinical trials due to regulatory and manufacturing constraints; 

delays in obtaining regulatory authorization to commence a trial, including Institutional Review Board IRB approvals or DEA approvals, licenses required for obtaining and using cannabis , cannabis-derived cannabinoid or cannabinoid-like substances for research, either before or after a trial is commenced; 

unfavorable results from ongoing pre-clinical studies and clinical trials; 

patients or investigators failing to comply with clinical trial protocols; 

patients failing to return for post-treatment follow-up at the expected rate; 

sites participating in an ongoing clinical trial withdraw, requiring us to engage new sites; 

third-party clinical investigators decline to participate in our clinical trials, do not perform the clinical trials on the anticipated schedule, or act in ways inconsistent with the established investigator agreement, clinical trial protocol, good clinical practices, and other IRB requirements; 

third-party entities do not perform data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner or at all; or 

regulatory inspections of our clinical trials require us to undertake corrective action or suspend or terminate our clinical trials. 

Any
of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
FDA has not approved any complex botanically-derived cannabinoid drug as a safe and effective drug for any indication. 

To
date, the FDA has not approved any complex botanical cannabinoid medicine as safe and effective for any indication.
It has however approved a cannabinoid medicine containing a highly purified cannabinoid (CBD) medicine (Epidiolex for a limited number of indications. However, the FDA is aware that
there is considerable interest in the use of
complex botanical medicines (e.g. Sativex -
which is not approved in the USA, but is approved in some other countries) or
purified cannabinoids (e.g. Epidiolex or synthesized cannabinoid medicines (e.g. Marinol to attempt
to treat a number of medical conditions. 

Before conducting testing
in humans of a drug that has not been approved by the FDA, we will need to submit an investigational
new drug IND application to the FDA (or a Clinical Trial Authorization (CTA) to the EMA). Failure to comply with applicable U.S.
requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions,
such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending NDAs, warning letters, product recalls,
product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Failure to comply with similarly applicable regulatory requirements
in other countries may also subject a company to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions within their country. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

We
face a potentially highly competitive market. 

Demand
for cannabinoid-containing or cannabis-based medicines will likely be dependent on a number of social, political
and economic factors that are beyond our control. While we believe that there will be a demand for such drugs, and that the
demand will grow, there is no assurance that such demand will happen, that we will benefit from any demand or that our business, in fact,
will ever generate revenues from our drug development programs or become profitable. 

The emerging markets for
cannabinoid-containing or cannabis-derived medicines and medical research and development is
and will likely remain competitive. The development and commercialization of drugs / medicines is highly competitive. We compete
with a variety of multinational pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies, as well as products and processes being
developed by universities and other research institutions. Many of our competitors have developed,
are developing, or will develop drugs and processes which may be competitive with
our drug candidates. Competitive therapeutic treatments include those that have already been approved
by medicines regulators and accepted by the medical community and any new treatments that may enter the market. For some of
our drug development programs / areas of therapeutic interest, other treatment options are currently
available, under development, and may become commercially available in the future. If any of our pipeline drug
candidates is approved for the diseases and conditions we are currently pursuing, they may compete with a range of medicines
/ therapeutic treatments that are either in development, will be developed in the future or currently marketed. 

We
are aware of many companies that are engaged in cannabinoid-derived drug development activities. In addition, other
U.S.-based and foreign-based companies are in early stage discovery and preclinical
development utilizing the cannabinoids CBD and/or THC. 

Established
companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size and experiences, financial resources, and
institutional networks. Many of our competitors may have significantly greater financial, technical and human resources
than we do. Due to these factors, our competitors may have an advantage in marketing their approved drugs and may obtain regulatory
approval of their drug candidates before we are able to, which may limit our ability to develop or commercialize our drug candidates.
Our competitors may also develop ingredients and / or drugs / medicines that are safer, more
effective, more widely used and less expensive than ours. These advantages could materially impact our ability to develop
and, if approved, commercialize our pipeline drug candidates successfully. Furthermore, some of these competitors
may make acquisitions or establish collaborative relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase their ability
to rapidly gain market share. 

Our
pipeline drug candidates may compete with other cannabinoid or cannabis-based drugs, in addition to competing with state-licensed
medical and recreational marijuana, in markets where the recreational and/or medical use of marijuana
is legal. There is continuing support in the USA for further state legalization of marijuana. In markets where recreational
and/or medical marijuana is not legal, our pipeline drug candidates, once approved by regulators, may compete
with marijuana or marijuana-based products purchased in the illegal drug market. This may or may not affect the
commercial price that we may be able to achieve for our cannabinoid-containing or other
non-cannabinoid-containing regulatory-approved medicines, should they be approved by the FDA. 

Moreover,
as generic versions of drug products enter the market, the price for such medicines may be expected to decline rapidly and
substantially. Even if we are the first to obtain FDA approval of one of our pipeline drug candidates,
the future potential approval of generics could adversely affect the price we are able to charge and the profitability of
our product(s) will likely decline. 

Mergers
and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in more resources being concentrated
among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller and other early-stage companies may also prove to be
significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. 

These
companies may compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, management and commercial personnel,
utilizing contract manufacturing facilities or contract research organizations (CROs),
or establishing clinical trial sites and subject registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to
our research projects. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

Our
failure to comply with existing and potential future laws and regulations relating to drug development could
harm our plan of operations. 

Our business is, and will
be, subject to wide-ranging existing federal and state laws and regulations and other governmental
bodies in each of the countries we may develop and/or market our pipeline drug candidates. We must comply with all regulatory
requirements if we expect to be successful. 

If
any of our cannabinoid-containing or cannabis-based or cannabinoid-like-containing pipeline
drug candidates are controlled substances and are approved in the United States, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory
requirements including federal and state requirements. As a result, we and our contractors,
collaborators and/or joint venture partners must continue to expend time, money and
effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including, if applicable, manufacturing, production, quality control and assurance, preclinical
research and development and, of upmost importance, clinical trials. We will also be required to report certain adverse reactions
and production problems, if any and applicable, to the FDA and other regulatory agencies, and to
comply with advertising and promotion requirements for our cannabinoid-containing and or cannabinoid-like-containing drug candidates. 

Any
failure to comply with ongoing regulatory or controlled drug requirements may significantly and adversely affect our
ability to conduct clinical trials which are prerequisites to our ability to commercialize our cannabinoid-based and or cannabinoid-like
drugs and related treatments. If regulatory sanctions are applied or if regulatory
approval, once obtained, is for any reason suspended or withdrawn, the value of our business
and our operating results could be materially adversely affected. 

Our
failure to be able to out-license some or all of our pipeline drug candidates could
harm our plan of operations. 

The cost of drug development
is high and the attrition rate of new drug pipeline candidates is also high during the drug development process. In order to help fund
the development of some of our pipeline drug candidates, the company may wish / need to out-license some of its assets to other (big)
pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. The aim of such out-licensing would be generate funds for the company which may take the form
of up-front payments and / or milestone payments and / or royalties. Such decisions will be taken on a case-by-case basis, as the opportunity
arises or is required. 

There is no guarantee that
the company will generate pipeline drug candidates which are suitable for out-licensing. In addition, even if the company does produce
pipeline drug candidates that are suitable for out-licensing there is no guarantee that the company will be successful in being able to
identify potential licensees and successfully negotiate such out-licensing agreements, on agreeable terms if and when required. Any failure
to secure such out-licensing agreements may materially affect our ability to finance or develop and / or commercialize one or more of
our pipeline drug candidates. Any such failure may materially adversely affect our business. 

Our
failure to be able to enter Research and Development (R D) Collaboration Agreements or Joint Venture (JV) Agreements for some or
all of our pipeline drug candidates could harm our plan of operations 

As mentioned above, the cost
of drug development and manufacturing is high. In order to help fund the development of some of our ingredients and pipeline drug candidates,
the company may wish to enter into Research and Development Collaboration Agreements or Joint
Venture Agreements with other (big) pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies to help research and develop some of its assets
and for those companies pay for some or all of the associated R D costs. The aim of such Collaboration or JV agreements would be
to offset some of the company s R D costs. Depending upon the outcome of such R D or JV Agreements, it may lead to the
opportunity to outlicense one or more of the assets investigated under the Collaboration Agreement to the same other (big) pharmaceutical
or biotechnology company who may be our R D Collaboration / JV partner. If successful, this may generate funds for the company which
may take the form of up-front payments and / or milestone payments and / or royalties. Such decisions will be taken on a case-by-case
basis, as the opportunity arises or is required. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

There is no guarantee that
the company will generate pipeline drug candidates which are suitable for R D Collaborations or JV Agreements. In addition, even
if the company does produce pipeline drug candidates that are suitable for such collaborations or JVs, there is no guarantee that the
company will be successful in being able to identify potential R D collaboration partners or JV partners and successfully negotiate
such collaboration or JV agreements, on agreeable terms if and when required. Depending upon the financial status of the company, any
failure to secure such collaboration or JV agreements may materially affect our ability to finance or develop and / or commercialize one
or more of our pipeline drug candidates. Any such failure may materially adversely affect our business. 

The introduction of new businesses,
products, services, and technologies, our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions we take may subject us to additional laws
and regulations. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future. Any failure
on our part to comply with laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject
us to significant liabilities and other penalties. 

We could be subject
to litigation, allegations or other legal claims. 

Our assets or our business
activities may be subject to disputes that may result in litigation or other legal claims. We may be subject to allegations through press,
social media, the courts or other mediums that may or may not be founded. We may be required to respond to or defend against these claims
and/or allegations, which will divert resources away from our principal business. There can be no assurance that our defense of such claims
and/or allegations would be successful, and we may be required to make material settlements. This could have a material adverse effect
on our business prospects, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and corporate reputation. 

Item 2. Properties 

We do not own any real property. We maintain our corporate
offices at 47 Hamilton Square Birkenhead Merseyside CH41 5AR United Kingdom. One of the company directors has a beneficial ownership in
the property, which is leased on arm s length terms. 

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings 

We are not a party to any pending legal proceeding.
We are not aware of any pending legal proceeding to which any of our officers, directors, or any beneficial holders of 5 or more of our
voting securities are adverse to us or have a material interest adverse to us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s 
 Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted under the symbol ABTI on the OTC
Pink operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

There is currently no active trading market for our
securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will develop, or if developed, that it will be sustained. Therefore, a
shareholder may be unable to resell his securities in our company. 

Penny Stock 

The Securities Exchange Commission SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity
securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the
NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange
or system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure
document prepared by the Commission, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the market for penny stocks in
both public offerings and secondary trading;(b) contains a description of the broker's or dealer's duties to the customer and of the rights
and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities' laws; (c) contains
a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread
between the bid and ask price;(d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;(e) defines significant
terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and;(f) contains such other information and is in such
form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. 

The broker-dealer also must provide, prior
to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with; (a) bid and offer quotations for the penny stock;(b) the compensation
of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;(c) the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other
comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and (d) a monthly account statements showing
the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account. 

In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior
to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that
the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk
disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability
statement. 

These disclosure requirements may have the effect
of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock if it becomes subject to these penny stock rules. Therefore, because
our common stock is subject to the penny stock rules, stockholders may have difficulty selling those securities. 

Holders of Our Common Stock 

Currently,
we have approximately 140 holders
of record of our common stock. On June 06, 2023, the company reclaimed 44,064,000 shares into Treasury. 

Exercise of Warrants 

On 13 th June 2023, EMC2 Capital LLC exercised
their 15,000,000 Warrants on a cashless basis. 

Stock Option Grants 

To date, we have not
granted any stock options. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Dividends 

There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation
or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where
after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

1. 
 we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 

2. 
 
 our total assets would be less than the sum
 of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to 
 satisfy the rights of shareholders
 who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan
to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On October 29, 2021, the
Company issued 7,500,000 shares of stock in exchange for services provided by EMC2 Capital LLC. The shares were issued at fair value of
the date of exchange, or 2,399,250. 

As pursuant to the asset
purchase agreement dated November 9, 2021, the Company acquired certain intellectual property rights of C2 Wellness Corp. In exchanges
for the assets acquired, the Company issued 24,000,000 shares of common stock valued at 0.50 per share. The intellectual property rights
acquired are recorded as intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 for 12,000,000. 

On December 21, 2021, the
company issued 520,000 shares of stock in exchange for 130,000 of cash consideration. 

On February 8, 2022, the
company issued 333,333 shares to an investor for an investment of 50,000 (at a price of 0.15 per share). 

On or about March 3, 2022,
the Company issued 16,000,000 shares of stock for services under a consulting agreement. 

On April 5, 2022, the company
issued 384,615 shares to an investor for an investment of 50,000 (at a price of 0.13 per share). 

On April 29, 2022, the Company
issued 1,500,000 shares for services under a consultancy agreement at 0.214 per share, or 321,000. 

On May 2, 2022, the Company
issued 280,000 shares to an investor relating to a subscription agreement for an investment of 100,000 Sterling (or 136,721) at
 0.50 per share, or 140,000. 

On
May 4, 2022, we issued 2,250,000 shares of our common stock to our director, Mr. Michael Hunter Land, pursuant to his employment agreement
dated October 18, 2021 and board decision to award him shares for his performance. 

On August 1, 2022, the Company
signed loan agreements with note holders for the sum of 75,000. A total of 2,250,000 shares were issued to the note holders in connection
with loan agreements. 

On June 13, 2023, we issued
13,500,000 shares of common stock to EMC2 Capital LLC following the exercise of their 15,000,000 Warrants issued in August 2021. 

On June 13, 2023, we issued
476,000 shares of common stock to Alison Rose Burgess as settlement of a 125,000 Sterling loan under the terms and conditions of
the loan dated 21 September 2021. 

On June 13, 2023, we issued
5,000,000 shares of common stock to Alinova Biosciences Ltd as part payment of consideration for the acquisition of intellectual property. 

June 13, 2023, we issued
5,999,900 shares of common stock to Long Eight Limited as part payment of consideration for services received by Green Ocean Administration
Limited. 

June 13, 2023, we issued
10,088,100 shares of common stock to Warren Law Group to be held in escrow as potential part payment for services received from Bridgeway
Capital Partners LLC, Bridgeway Capital Partners II LLC and Entoro Securities LLC. 

On
June 14, 2023, we issued 9,000,000 shares of common stock to our Directors as payment for their services as Directors. 

These
securities were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated thereunder. The holders represented their intention to acquire the securities for investment
only and not with a view towards distribution. The investors were given adequate information about
us to make an informed investment decision. We did not engage in any general solicitation
or advertising. We directed our transfer agent to issue the stock certificates with the appropriate restrictive legend affixed
to the restricted stock. 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

We did not issue any securities under any equity compensation
plan as of March 31, 2023. 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Forward-Looking Statements 

 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Certain statements, other than purely historical
information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results,
and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, 
 will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently
uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects on a consolidated basis include but
are not limited to: changes in economic conditions, global pandemics, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest
rates, competition, and generally accepted accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating
forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. 

Results of Operations
for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

We have generated no revenue
since inception, and we do not anticipate earning revenue until such time that we are able to market and sell our ingredients and / or
products / medicines. 

We incurred operating expenses
of 1,896,981 and 6,471,134 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our operating expenses for the year ended March
31, 2023 were mainly the result of 443,073 in consulting fees, 363,944 in professional fees, 347,362 in directors fees and expenses,
 179,940 in legal fees and 140,409 in salaries and wages. Our operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022 were mainly the result
of 3,155,593 in consulting fees, 2,432,210 in professional fees, 341,286 in research and development, 133,036 in accounting and audit
fees and 194,643 in salaries and wages. 

If we are able to obtain
financing, we expect that our operational expenses will increase significantly for the balance of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024
and beyond. This would be the result of increased research and development expenses associated with our product candidates, the development
of those candidates in compliance with regulatory processes, laws and regulations, increased payroll as we take on more help, as well
as the expenses associated with our reporting obligations with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

We recorded a net loss of
 1,742,457 and 6,471,134 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

As a relatively recently
formed pharmaceutical company, the company has limited operations to date, and expects to have reoccurring losses, as is typical with
companies in the pharmaceutical industry, for the foreseeable future. As explained above, the company intends to raise capital and ramp
up its efforts to bring its product candidates to market. This will require significant capital, product development to continue and complete
and momentum on those product candidates through the regulatory process. There are no assurances that we will be able to generate revenues
and achieve profitable operations. 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As of March 31, 2023, we
had 237,184 in current assets, consisting mostly of a deferred tax credit, and current liabilities of 2,127,807. We had a working capital
deficit of 1,890,623 as compared with a working capital deficit of 1,630,685 as of December 31, 2022. 

We used cash for operating
activities of 1,039,792 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared with cash provided of 44,344 for the year ended 2022. Our negative
operating cash flow for 2023 was mainly the result of a net loss, net changes in operating assets and liabilities and deferred tax credit
offset by shares issued for services. Our positive operating cash flow for 2022 was the result net changes in operating assets and liabilities
offset by our net loss. 

We used cash for investing
activities of 139,799 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared with no cash used in investing activities for the year ended 2022,
for investments in intellectual property from C2 Wellness Corp. on December 2, 2021. 

Financing activities provided
 1,212,159 for the year ended March 31, 2023, mainly as a result of related party loans, as compared with 9,669 used for the year ended
2022, mainly as result of repayments of related party loans. 

As part of the SPA, executed
on October 03, 2022, the shareholder affiliates, through their respective companies, have committed to enter into loan agreements with
our company to provide up to 4,000,000 USD of working capital, subject to the terms and conditions of the SPA dated October 2022 being
fulfilled. 

Based upon our current financial
condition, we do not have sufficient cash to operate our business at the current level for the next 12 months. We intend to fund operations
through short-term or long-term debt and/or equity financing arrangements, however this may be insufficient to fund expenditures or other
cash requirements. If and when Bright Green completes the acquisition of Alterola, we anticipate that Alterola and / or its subsidiaries
will have sufficient cash therefrom. Without it, we plan to seek additional financing in a private equity offering to secure funding for
operations. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in raising additional funding. If we are not able to secure additional
funding, the implementation of our business plan will be impaired. There can be no assurance that such additional financing will be available
to us on acceptable terms or at all. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of March 31, 2023, we
had no off balance sheet arrangements. 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements
were prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. We have negative working capital of 1,890,623 and have incurred losses since inception of 9,576,247.
We expect to incur further losses in the development of our business and have been dependent on funding operations from inception. These
conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans include continuing to finance
operations through the private or public placement of debt and/or equity securities and the reduction of expenditures. However, no assurance
can be given at this time as to whether we will be able to achieve these objectives. The financial statements do not include any adjustment
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements 

We do not expect the adoption
of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on our results of operation, financial position or cash flow. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative 
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

A smaller reporting company
is not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial
Statements Required by Article 8 of Regulation S-X: Audited Financial Statements: 

F-1 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited); 
 
 F-3 
 Statements of Operations
 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited); 
 
 F-4 
 Statement of
 Stockholders Deficit from inception to March 31, 2023 (Audited); 
 
 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of
 Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 (Audited); 
 
 F-6 
 Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements (Audited) 

36 

 Table
 of Contents 

Certified
Public Accountants 

 501
S. Cherry Street, Suite 1100 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Alterola Biotech, Inc. 

 Opinion on the
Financial Statements 

 We have audited the
accompanying balance sheets of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the Company), which comprise the balance sheet as of March 31, 2023 and March
31, 2022 and the related statements of Operations, Changes in Stockholder s Equity, and Cash Flows for the years then ended, and
the related notes to the financial statements. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
Sates) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our
audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we
were required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluation of the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

 Going Concern
Uncertainty 

 The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note
7 to the financial statements, the Company has negative working capital of 1,889,903, has incurred losses since inception of 9,576,247,
and has not received any revenues These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 7. The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the disclosures to which it relates. 

Intangible
Assets 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

On
November 9, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with C2 Wellness Corporation for acquisition of technology platforms and associated
intellectual property. 

The
transaction was closed by providing 24,000,000 million shares of the company to the prior owners of C2 Wellness Corporation, who stayed
on and are working as consultants for the company. At the date of acquisition, the price per share of the company shares was 0.50, and
the value of the intangible asset identified was 12,000,000. The Company tests impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation
or a quantitative test, at least annually, or more frequently if an indication of impairment exists. Managements Quantitative Intangible
Assets impairment testing is performed in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year by comparing the estimated fair value of the associated
reporting unit as of March 31 to it carrying value. Fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow model. 

Significant
judgment is exercised by the Company in determining the accounting policies related to these Intangible Assets impairment assumptions,
including the following: 

Estimated
 revenue growth rate for the projection period 

Estimation
 of operating cash flows based on forecasted figures for the impairment model 

Review
 of the assets acquired as part of the transaction. 

Review
 of any possible projected revenues or development of assets for future periods. 

Discussion
 with the development team related to timeline for possible production. 

Given
these factors, the related audit effort in evaluation management s judgements in determining Intangible Assets value was extensive
and required a high degree of auditor judgement. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures related to the Company s Intangible Assets impairment evaluation included the following: 

Reviewed
 Qualitative items for Intangible Assets impairment, determining if there was a need to perform Quantitative assessment. 

Recalculated
 the Quantitative assessment of the Intangible Assets calculation, including a reasonableness test 
 of the discount rate and projected growth rate. 

Reviewing
 projections to comparable companies, ensuring reasonableness of the rates used. 

Verified
 no impairment noted based on recalculations performed. 

Shares
issued for services 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

At
various points throughout the year, the Company issued stock in exchange for services provided from EMC2 Capital and REB Consulting.
As part of the issuance of shares, the Company valued the shares at what was considered fair value as of the date of the issuance. The
company considered the fair value at the date of issuance to be the share price of the Company on the date of issuance. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
principal audit procedures related to the Company s stock issued for services included the following: 

Confirmed
 the issuance of shares with the transfer agent to verify the shares were released to the identified parties. 

Reviewed
 the share value as of the date of issuance and performed recalculation of the valuation. 

Verified
 the expense recorded was properly included on the statement of operations in the appropriate expense category. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks
and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able
to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic
could have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the Company
plans to operate. 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Denver, Colorado 
 July 7, 2023 
 PCAOB# 

blaze@griesandassociates.com 

 400 South
Colorado Blvd, Suite 870, Denver, Colorado 80246 

 (O)720-464-2875
(M)773-255-5631 (F)720-222-5846 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS
OF MARCH 31, 2023 AND MARCH 31, 2022 

March
 31, 2023 
 March
 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Bank 

Funds
 in attorney trust account 

VAT receivable 

Deferred
 tax asset 

Inventories 

Total current assets 

Intangible
 assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 expenses 

Loan
 payable, related party 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Convertible
 Note Payable 

Total
 Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit) 

Preferred
 Stock, par value, shares authorized, - - shares issued and outstanding 

Common
Stock, par
value, shares
authorized, and
 shares
issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Foreign
 currency translation adjustment 

Total
 Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

ALTEROLA BIOTECH, INC. 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Year
 Ended March 31, 2023 
 Year
 Ended March 31, 2022 

REVENUES 

OPERATING
 EXPENSES 

Accounting
 and audit fees 

Professional
 fees 

Research
 and development 

Legal
 fees 

Directors
 fees and expenses 

Consulting
 fees 

Salaries
 and wages 

General
 and administrative expenses 

TOTAL
 OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER
 INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Miscellaneous
 sale 

TOTAL
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

PROVISION
 FOR INCOME TAXES 

NET
 LOSS 

NET
 LOSS PER SHARE: BASIC AND DILUTED 

WEIGHTED
 AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING: BASIC AND DILUTED 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 7, 2021 (INCEPTION) TO MARCH 31, 2023 

Common
 stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional
 paid in capital 
 Accumulated
 other comprehensive income loss) 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, January
 7, 2021(inception) 

Related
 party interest forgiven 

Recapitalization
 on reverse merger 

Change
 in foreign currency 

Net
 loss for the period ended March 31, 2021 

Balance,
 March 31, 2021 

Change
 in foreign currency 

Shares
 issued for cash 

C2 Wellness
 Acquisition 

Shares
 related to S-1 Registration 

Shares
 issued for REB Consulting 

Net
 loss for the period ended March 31, 2022 

Balance,
 March 31, 2022 

Change
 in foreign currency 

Shares
 issued for cash 

Shares
 issued for cash 

Shares
 issued for services 

Shares
 issued for services 

Net
 loss for the period ended March 31, 2023 

Balance,
 March 31, 2023 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 AUDITED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Year
 Ended March 31, 2023 
 Year
 Ended March 31, 2022 
 
 CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 loss for the period 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities 

Shares
 issued for services 

Deferred
 tax asset 

Non
 cash currency adjustments 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities: 

Funds
 in attorney trust 

Inventory 

VAT
 receivable 

Deferred
 tax asset 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 liabilities 

Net
 Cash (Used by)/Provided by Operating Activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment
 in intellectual property 

Net
 Cash Used by Investing Activities 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from share issuance 

Loan
 from related parties 

Convertible
 debt issuance 

Net
 Cash Provided by/Used by Financing Activities 

Net
 change in cash 

Foreign
 currency change 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest
 paid 

Income
 taxes paid 

NON-CASH
 INVESTING AND FINANCING INFORMATION 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 

shares of the Company s common stock. 

Following
the acquisition of the IP the Company changed its business direction to pursue the development of chewing gums for the delivery of Nutraceutical/functional
ingredients for applications such as appetite suppressant, cholesterol suppressant, vitamin delivery, antioxidant delivery and motion
sickness suppressant. 

On
January 19, 2021, the Company entered into an Stock Purchase Agreement (the Agreement with ABTI Pharma Limited, a company
registered in England and Wales ABTI Pharma ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to acquire all of the outstanding shares
of capital stock of ABTI Pharma from its shareholders in exchange for 
 shares of the Company pro rata to the ABTI Pharma
shareholders. The shares were issued on January 29, 2021 in anticipation of the closing and the parties to the transaction agreed in
a May 24, 2021 amendment to close upon the ABTI Pharma Limited Shares being transferred to the Company, which was to occur upon the filing
by the Company of its outstanding December 31, 2020 quarterly report on Form 10-Q, which was filed on May 28, 2021 with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. The transaction closed on May 28, 2021. 

The
transaction is being accounted for as a reverse acquisition and recapitalization. ABTI Pharma is the acquirer for accounting purposes
and the Company is the issuer. The historical financial statements presented are the financial statements of ABTI. The Agreement was
treated as a recapitalization and not as a business combination; at the date of the acquisition, the net liabilities of the legal acquirer,
Alterola, were . 

As
a consequence the company is now developing cannabinoid, cannabinoid-like, and non-cannabinoid pharmaceutical active pharmaceutical ingredients
(APIs), pharmaceutical medicines made from cannabinoids, cannabinoid-like, and non-cannabinoid APIs and will seek European novel food
approval of certain ingredients and products .In addition, the company plans to develop such bulk ingredients for supply into the cosmetic
sector. 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE AUDITED CONSOLIDATEDED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 

NOTE
2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED) 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 

Accounting 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Legal fees and transfer agent 

Total Accrued Expenses 

shares of par value common stock authorized and shares of par value preferred stock
authorized. 

On
August 1, 2022, the Company issued shares to note holders in connection with loan agreements. See Note 5. These loans were
repaid in full by December 23, 2022. 

On
May 4, 2022, the Company issued shares to a director as part of the employment contract at per share, or 481,500. 

On
April 29, 2022, the Company issued shares for services under a consultancy agreement at per share, or . 

On
April 5, 2022, the company issued shares to an investor for an investment of (at a price of per share). 

On
or about March 3, 2022, the Company issued shares of stock for services under a consulting agreement. The shares were issued
at fair value the date of the exchange, or . 

As
pursuant to the asset purchase agreement dated November 9, 2021, the Company acquired certain intellectual property rights of C2 Wellness
Corp. In exchanges for the assets acquired, the Company issued shares of common stock valued at per share. The intellectual
property rights acquired are recorded as intangible assets as of December 31, 2021 for . 

ALTEROLA
BIOTECH, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE AUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 

On October 29, 2021, the Company issued shares of stock in exchange
for services provided byEMC2 Capital. The shares were issued at fair value of the date of exchange, or . 

During September 2021, the Company received an investment for 100,000
Sterling (or in exchange for a subscription for shares. On May 2, 2022, the Company issued the shares to the
investor. 

On
August 11, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock at per share. The warrants were issued with a
 term. The warrants exercise price includes a declining scale with the stock price. 

As of March 31, 2023, the warrants were exercisable at per share
and . 

The
Company has and shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively.
There are shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 

bearing zero interest for the term of the note, for cash received by the
Company on June 29, 2022 and July 18, 2022 totaling . As part of the note the Company committed delivery of shares
to the note holders. The loans totaling were repaid in full by December 23, 2022. 

. . 

has incurred losses since inception of , and has not received revenues from sales
of products or services. These factors create substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The
financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
ability of Alterola to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company generating cash from the sale of its common stock and/or
obtaining debt financing and attaining future profitable operations. Management s plans include selling its equity securities and
obtaining debt financing to fund its capital requirement and ongoing operations; however, there can be no assurance the Company will
be successful in these efforts. 

F- 10 

 Table of Contents 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

 As
required by Rule 13a-15 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report, being March 31, 2023. This evaluation was carried
out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls
and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our company s reports filed under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Based
upon that evaluation, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were ineffective as of the end of the period covered by this annual report. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Management has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of March 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. As a result of this assessment, management concluded that, as of March 31, 2023, our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective. Our management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting, which are indicative of many small companies with small staff: (i) inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment;
and (ii) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application
of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

We
plan to take steps to enhance and improve the design of our internal control over financial reporting. During the period covered by this
annual report on Form 10-K, we have not been able to remediate the material weaknesses identified above. To remediate such weaknesses,
we hope to implement the following changes during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2024: (i) appoint additional qualified personnel to
address inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management; and (ii) adopt sufficient written policies and procedures for
accounting and financial reporting. The remediation efforts set out in (i) and (ii) are largely dependent upon our securing additional
financing to cover the costs of implementing the changes required. If we are unsuccessful in securing such funds, remediation efforts
may be adversely affected in a material manner. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to an exemption
for non-accelerated filers set forth in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Remediation
of Material Weakness 

We
are unable to remedy our controls related to the inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk management until we receive financing
to hire additional employees. We recently hired an outsourced controller to improve the controls for accounting and financial reporting. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal
Controls 

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal control over financial reporting are or will be capable of preventing or detecting all errors or all fraud. Any control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s
objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further,
because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that misstatements, due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within
the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision- making can be faulty
and that breakdowns may occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented
by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of controls. The design of
any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk. 

Item 
 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 
 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following information sets forth the names, ages, and positions of our current directors and executive officers. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices Held 
 
 Timothy Rogers 

60 

Chairman, CFO and Director 
 
 David Hitchcock 

60 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Colin Stott 

57 

Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 Dominic Schiller 

59 

Chief Intellectual Property Officer and Director 
 
 Hunter Land 

39 

Director 
 
 Daniel Reshef 

72 

Director 
 
 Ning Qu 

55 

Director 
 
 Terry Rafih 

66 

Director 

Set forth below
is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of our current executive officers and directors. 

Timothy Paul Rogers -
Chairman CFO - Director - Age 60 

Timothy. Rogers is an international
business leader with 35 years experience in global sales and marketing, specifically launching products from an intellectual property
platform. Mr. Rogers is multi-lingual, and has been involved with start-ups in Singapore, South East Asia, Africa, Australia, the United
States, Canada and Europe in the pharmaceutical, agriculture, essential oil, biocide, oil and gas and cosmetic sectors. He has gained
success from a number of industry disturbing products and services, leading in particular, to being part of the team taking control of
Alterola. Trained as an accountant, he is known for his finance connections, his complex business interests across the globe and specifically
in Africa, ranging from mining, agriculture and controlled substances and linking them all to a focused coffee based social equity program
for economic empowerment of African agricultural workers. He is known for his closeness to a number of African politicians and business
leaders, and his co-operation with these 21 st century African entrepreneurs is with the aim to establish a new foreign
investment policy in Africa to use the vast resource of that continent to benefit the most disadvantaged in society. Tim has lived and
worked in UK, Ireland, France, Australia, U.S.A and Thailand for the past 40 years and has conducted business in over 40 countries across
the world physically visiting each one personally. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

He currently serves as a
Director of Novagean International Limited. a medical device and therapeutic diagnostic manufacturer and clinical research company based
in China and Galway Ireland. 

In recent years, Mr. Rogers
has focused his time building a multi-sector agro-pharma drug development business in Africa which includes controlled substances. 

Mr. Rogers earned diplomas
including Business Studies from Birkenhead Technical College, and Animation at the Fisher School of English in Paris, France. 

David Hitchcock
 CEO Director - Age 60 

David Hitchcock,
OBE has worked in the City of London for nearly 30 years, most recently in companies he co-founded to facilitate equity investment into
UK Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs). His experience concentrated particularly in the UK Life Sciences and Precision Engineering Sectors
including listings onto the London Stock Exchange. David and his team bought several high precision engineering companies from administration,
turning them round and creating over 200 jobs in Wales and the West of England including a standalone apprentice training centre. 

David spent 21
years in Investment Banking with 10 years as a Managing Director at JPMorgan and Head of Investor Client Management. David and his team
managed the bank s most senior client relationships with its most important institutional asset managers and hedge funds in the
UK and EMEA. He began his City career in Equities at Goldman Sachs in 1992. Before entering the City David served as a British Army Officer
with The Sixth (Queen Elizabeth s Own) Gurkha Rifles. He is a Graduate of The Royal Military Academy, Sandhurst and Pembroke College,
Cambridge. 

David has lectured
at The Royal College of Defence Studies and the Master of Finance Course at the Judge Business School, Cambridge University. He is
a Trustee of several educational and military charities. 

Dominic Schiller 
Director IP Counsel Age 59 

Mr. Schiller is a Chartered
and European Patent Attorney with over 30 years of experience, largely in the pharmaceutical, botanical and nutraceutical industries.
He is the founder and CEO of Equipped 4 Holdings Limited, the parent company of Equipped 4 (IP) Limited, an Intellectual Property law
practice, specializing in building patent portfolios for biotech companies, most notably GW Pharmaceuticals and Compass Pathways. 

A pioneer in innovative pharmaceutical
sectors, Mr. Schiller successfully secured some of the earliest and most prominent cannabinoid related patents for GW Pharma, helping
them establish an IP portfolio comprising claims directed to plants, plant extracts, extraction technology, pharmaceutical formulations,
drug delivery and the therapeutic uses of cannabinoids, as well as plant variety rights. He was also the patent attorney behind Compass
Pathways, a mental health care company, where he drafted and prosecuted to grant, patents relating to a psilocybin polymorph, formulations
and their medical use to treat drug resistant depression. For Phynova, a natural products company, he has secured patents for Chinese
herbal products, products with Food Approvals. 

Mr. Schiller serves as a
director and/or advisor to The Life Sciences Division (an investment bank), and plays an active management role for a number of companies
which he helped found. He is also an inventor on two key GW Pharmaceutical patents relating to The use of cannabinoids in the treatment
of epilepsy and The use of cannabinoids in the treatment of mental disorders. 

Mr. Schiller holds
a combined honors degree in Biochemistry and Genetics from Leeds University and earned his MBA from Liverpool University. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

Colin Stott 
Chief Operating Officer and Director - Age 57 

Mr Stott is an experienced
preclinical and clinical research professional with more than 30 years experience in the experience in preclinical clinical
development, across a range of therapeutic indications, with specific expertise in the development of botanical medicines, particularly
cannabinoid / cannabis-based medicines He is a veteran of the cannabis / cannabinoid medicines industry, with more than 20 years 
experience in the sector. He was Director of Research and Development Operations at GW Pharmaceuticals (now Jazz Pharmaceuticals) from
2001 until May 2017, and was closely involved in the development and approval of Sativex , GW s first licensed cannabis-based
product, and the more recently NDA-approved cannabinoid (CBD) medicine for treatment-resistant epilepsy, Epidiolex . He
was also a key individual in the development of GW s discovery and development pipeline, until 2017. As Scientific Affairs Director,
he was part of the Medical Affairs team responsible for the preparation for launch of Epidyolex in the international
region (ex-US). Colin has a BSc (Hons) in Medicinal and Pharmaceutical Chemistry (Loughborough University of Technology) and a Diploma
in Clinical Science (University of Wales). 

From November 2020
 present, Mr. Stott has been Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Phytotherapeutix Holdings Ltd. From April 2019 present,
Mr. Stott has been Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Phytotherapeutix Ltd. From July 1, 2019 December 1, 2020, he served
as Chief Operating Officer for Alinova Biosciences Ltd. From June 1, 2017 May 31, 2019, he served as Scientific Affairs Director,
International Division for GW Pharmaceuticals plc. From January 2001 May 31, 2017, he was R D Operations Director for GW
Pharmaceuticals plc. 

He is an inventor
on more than 20 patents in the cannabinoid medicines sector, and has more than 25 publications. 

Hunter Land -
Director - Age 39 

Hunter Land has
over 19 years of R D expertise across 15 different indications, as well as 10 years of cannabinoid-focused research. As an expert
in the field of cannabinoid science, he has developed a pipeline of discovery work on over 20 novel cannabinoids and terpenes. Previously,
Hunter acted as the Sr. Scientific Director, Director of Cannabinoid Research, and scientific spokesperson at Canopy Growth Corporation.
Most notably, Hunter co-established R D for GW Pharmaceuticals within the US, where he authored multiple protocols in refractory epilepsy
(Dravet Syndrome and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome), Multiple Sclerosis, pain, and led the clinical development of Epidiolex (FDA approved
prescription CBD). Hunter acts as the Sr. Scientific Advisor for the National Hockey League Alumni Association in conjunction with NEEKA
Brain Health, a board member of Veterinary Cannabis Society, and lectures at the University of Wisconsin. He has been a featured speaker
at over 50 scientific conferences, a named inventor on 6 patent applications, and has over 20 publications. 

Dr. Daniel Reshef
- Director Age 72 

Dr. Daniel Reshef
is an Executive Director with substantial clinical experience and demonstrated history of strategic work in the pharmaceuticals industry.
Skilled in Immuno-Oncology, Oncology, Biomarkers, Epidemiology, Vaccines, Ophthalmology, and Clinical Pharmacology, he is Board certified
in Ophthalmology. Dan has extensive experience in clinical, industry, and public health settings, technical skills, project management
and data quality. 

Dr. Reshef worked at Roche,
Genentech and served as Therapeutic Area Lead Immuno- Oncology at a leading pharmaceutical company. Dan has also been successfully
involved in numerous entrepreneurial ventures in the past 20 years. He has been active in diverse areas such as the hotel industry, technology
start- ups, Customer Relations Management (CRM), innovative novel energy sources, blockchain, cryptocurrencies and Forex. Dr. Reshef earned
his MPH PhD in Epidemiology from Johns Hopkins University. 

Prof. Dr. Ning Qu 
Age 55 

Ning Qu was born in China
in 1968. He finished his Medical School in China Medical University in 1991 (Cum Laude). He received his medical specialist training in
Cardiothoracic Surgery in Shanghai Chest Hospital and University Medical Center Groningen (UMCG). He is a registered clinical practitioner
both in the Netherlands and China. His strong clinical interest in cardiac surgery is Organ Transplantation (Lung) and open heart surgical
intervention on Atrial Fibrillation. He got his PhD from Groningen University in Lung Transplantation Immunology, and is currently holding
two professor (visiting) positions in Cardiac Surgery and Translational Medicine. He is also one of the four founding professors of Medical
Academy in 2018 of Tianjin University, China. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Terry Rafih 
Director - Age 66 

Terry Rafih has
been Chief Executive Officer at Bright Green Corp. BGC since September 2022 and the Chairman of BGC s Board since
October 2019, and previously served as BGC s Interim Chief Executive Officer from June 2022 to September 2022. Since January 1989,
Mr. Rafih has been the Owner and Chief Executive Officer of Rafih Automotive Group, one of Canada s largest networks of auto dealerships.
Mr. Rafih has decades of business experience and has managed mergers and acquisitions representing several billion dollars in aggregate
value. Mr. Rafih received a B.S. in business administration from the University of Windsor. Mr. Rafih brings over 30 years of executive
leadership experience to the Board. Mr. Rafih s insights are critical to Board discussions. 

Aside from that provided
above, Mr. Rafih is not a director of any public companies. We believe Mr. Rafih is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because
of his prior service as a board member and officer over public companies with years of experience and involvement with public company
acquisitions 

 Term of Office 

Our directors are appointed
for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance
with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the board. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
between or among the directors, executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become directors or executive officers. 

Advisory Board 

We currently do not have
an advisory board, but we intend to establish one at a later date. 

Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

During the past 10 years,
none of our current directors, nominees for directors or current executive officers has been involved in any legal proceeding identified
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K, including: 

 1. Any petition
under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was
appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he or she was a general partner at or within
two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he or she was an executive officer at or
within two years before the time of such filing; 

 2. Any conviction
in a criminal proceeding or being named a subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

 3. Being subject to any order,
judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
enjoining him or her from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

i. Acting as a futures commission
merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage transaction merchant, any other
person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the foregoing, or as an investment adviser,
underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee of any investment company, bank, savings
and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice in connection with such activity; 

ii. Engaging in any type
of business practice; or 

 iii. Engaging in
any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State
securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

41 

 Table of Contents 

4. Being subject
to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending
or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any type of business regulated by the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission, securities, investment, insurance or banking activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

 5. Being found by
a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment
in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

 6. Being found by
a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities
law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed,
suspended or vacated; 

 7.
Being subject to, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

 i. Any Federal or
State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

 ii. Any law or regulation
respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of
disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order; or 

 iii. Any law or
regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

 8. Being subject to, or a
party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section
3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange
Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

Committees of the Board 

Our
company currently does not have nominating or compensation committees performing similar functions nor does our company have a written nominating
or compensation committee charter. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees, at this time, because the functions
of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors. 

We
do have an Audit and Compliance Committee, with Ning Qu as Chairperson. We also have Brendan McAleer and Duncan Boxwell on the Committee.
The Committee will be responsible for our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audit of our financial statements. 

Our company does not have
any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors
believes that, given the stage of our development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and
of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not currently have any specific
or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we
do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors
will assess all candidates, whether submitted by management or shareholders, and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes
to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed
to our CEO and director David Hitchcock, at the address at our address indicated in this Form 10-K. 

Code of Ethics 

We have not adopted a Code
of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial officer, or controller, or persons performing similar functions. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The table below summarizes all compensation awarded
to, earned by, or paid to our executive officers for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the periods ended March 31, 2023
and 2022. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and principal position 

Year 

Salary 
 ) 

Bonus 
 ) 

Stock 
Awards ) 
 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 
 
 All Other 
Compensation ) 

Total 
 ) 

Timothy Rogers 
 Chairman and CFO 

2023 
 2022 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

David Hitchcock 
 Chief Executive Officer 

2023 
 2022 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

Colin Stott 
 Chief Operating Officer 

2023 
 2022 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

Dominic Schiller 
 Chief IP Officer 

2023 
 2022 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

Hunter Land 
 Former Vice President of Translational Research 

2023 
 2022 

0 
 156,753 

0 
 0 

481,500 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

54,702 
 0 

481,500 
 0 

Seamus McAuley, 
 Former officer 

2023 
 2022 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

0 
 0 

Narrative to Summery Compensation Table 

We have not compensated our
executive officers through the date of this Form 10-K, and which will include for the year ended March 31, 2023. We expect to enter into
employment agreements with executive officers for their services at some point in fiscal year ended 2024. 

On May 4, 2022, we issued
2,250,000 shares of our common stock to our director, Mr. Michael Hunter Land, pursuant to his employment agreement dated October 18,
2021 and board decision to award him shares for his performance. 

Outstanding Equity Awards
at Fiscal Year-End 

We had no outstanding equity
awards at fiscal year-end. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Director Compensation 

We did not pay our directors for their services
to us in for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

On June 14, 2023, the following Directors were
issued the following amounts of ABTI common stock as payment for their services as Directors. 

Mr. Dewi David Hitchcock (4,000,000 shares) 

 Partner Investments B.V. (beneficial owner = Dr.
Ning Qu) (2,000,000 shares) 

 Dr. Daniel Reshef (2,000,000 shares) 

 Dr. Michael Hunter Land (1,000,000 shares) 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters 

The following table sets
forth, as of June 28, 2023, certain information as to shares of our common stock owned by (i) each person known by us to beneficially
own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, and (iii) all of our executive officers and directors as
a group: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners of Common Stock 
 
 Title of Class 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 1 
 
 of Common Stock 2 
 
 Timothy Rogers(3) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 112,746,006 shares 

13.9 
 
 David Hitchcock(4) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 4,000,000 shares 

Less than 1 
 
 Dominic Schiller(5) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 112,746,006 shares 

13.9 
 
 Daniel Reshef 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 6,400,000 shares 

Less than 1 
 
 Ning Qu(7) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 32,000,000 shares 

3.7 
 
 Colin Stott (8) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 112,746,006 shares 

13.9 
 
 Hunter Land 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 3,250,000
shares 

Less than 1 
 
 Terry Rafih 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Officers and Directors as a Group (8 persons) 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 383,888,018 

47.56 
 
 5 SHAREHOLDERS 

Bright Green Corporation 
 1033 George Hanosh Blvd. 
 Grants, NM, 87020, USA 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 201,761,982 shares 

25 

1. 
 As
 used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security,
 or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of,
 a security). In addition, for purposes of this table, a person is deemed, as of any date, to have beneficial ownership 
 of any security that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days after such date. 
 
 2. 
 The
 percentage shown is based on denominator of 807,047,948 shares of common stock issued and outstanding for the company as of June
 28, 2023. 

3. 
 All
 shares are held in Long Eight Limited, as Nominee for TPR Global Ltd in which Mr. Rogers who have voting and investment control over
 TPR Global Ltd. 

4. 
 All
 shares are held by Dewi John Hitchcock, in his own name. 

5. 
 All
 shares are held in Equipped 4 Holdings Ltd, in which Mr. Schiller has voting and investment control over the shares. 

6. 
 All
 shares are held in Partner Investments B.V. in which Mr. Qu has voting and investment control over the shares. 

7. 
 All
 shares are held in Phytotherapeutix Holdings Ltd in which Mr. Stott has voting
 and investment control over the shares. 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and
Director Independence 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Other than described below or the transactions described
under the heading Executive Compensation (or with respect to which such information is omitted in accordance with SEC regulations),
there have not been, and there is not currently proposed, any transaction or series of similar transactions to which we were or will be
a participant in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets
at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director, executive officer, holder of 5 or more of any class of
our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest. 

The Company leases office space from Equipped 4 Properties Limited
at an independently determined commercial rate. 

During the period ended March 31, 2023, Phytotherapeutix Holdings
Limited, TPR Global Limited, Equipped 4 Holdings Ltd and Equipped 4 IP Limited, and Opes Medical Holdings Limited and Colin Stott s
Tim Roger s and Dominic Schiller s Directors Loan Accounts made advances to the company to fund operating expenses in the
amount of 1,260,434. These advances are non interest bearing and have no specified terms of repayment. 

Director
Independence 

Under Nasdaq listing standards,
an independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries
or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the
director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined
that Dr. Hunter Land, Dr. Ning Qu, Dr. Daniel Reshef and Mr. Terry Rafih are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable SEC rules. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

Below is the table of Audit Fees billed by our auditors in connection with
the audits of the Company s financial statements for periods ended: 

Financial Statements for the Year Ended March 31 
 
 Audit Services 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 
 Tax Fees 
 
 Other Fees 

2022 

41,000 

5,000 

0 

0 

2023 

61,435 

0 

0 

45 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules 

(a) 
 Financial Statements and Schedules 

The following financial statements and schedules listed below are included
in this Form 10-K. 

Financial Statements (See Item 8) 

Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Stock Transfer Agreement, dated January 19, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment to Stock Transfer Agreement, dated May 24, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated November 9, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated July 16, 2008 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC on December 12, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated October 26, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KT filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 28, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 4.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, dated August 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 4.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 8, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KT filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 10.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated August 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated August 11, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 19, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 28, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KT filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference) . 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit and Compliance Committee Charter (filed as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2021 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

 Furnished herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K
Summary. 

None. 

46 

 Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the
United Kingdom on July 10, 2023. 

Alterola Biotech, Inc. 

By: /s/ Timothy Rogers 

 Timothy Rogers 

 Chairman, Principal Financial Officer, Principal
Accounting Officer and Director 

By: /s/ David Hitchcock 

 David Hitchcock 

 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer
and Director 

By: /s/ Colin Stott 

 Colin Stott 

 Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

By: /s/ Timothy Rogers 
 
 Timothy Rogers 
 
 Chairman, CFO, Principal Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Director, 

Date:
 July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ David Hitchcock 
 
 David Hitchcock 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director 

Date: July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Colin Stott 
 
 Colin Stott 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Date: July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Dominic Schiller 
 
 Dominic Schiller 
 
 Director 

Date: July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Michael Hunter Land 
 
 Michael Hunter Land 
 
 VP and Director 

Date: July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Daniel Reshef 
 
 Daniel Reshef 
 
 Director 

Date: July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Ning Qu 
 
 Ning Qu 
 
 Director 

Date: July 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Terry Rafih 
 
 Terry Rafih 
 
 Director 
 Date:
 July 10, 2023 

47 

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 abti-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 abti-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 abti-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 abti-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex31_1.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, David Hitchcock, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 10, 2023 

/s/ David Hitchcock 

 By: David Hitchcock 

 Title: Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer
and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex31_2.htm

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Tim Rogers, certify that; 

1. 
 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the
 registrant ); 

2. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 10, 2023 

/s/ Tim Rogers 

 By: Tim Rogers 

Title: Chairman, Principal Financial Officer, Principal
Accounting Officer and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex32_1.htm

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
AND 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report
of Alterola Biotech, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, David Hitchcock, Chief Executive Officer and I, Tim Rogers,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial condition of the Company as of the dates presented and the consolidated result of operations
of the Company for the periods presented. 

By: 
 /s/ David Hitchcock 
 
 Name: 
 David Hitchcock 
 
 Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer
and Director 
 
 Date: 
 July 10, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Tim Rogers 
 
 Name: 
 Tim Rogers 
 
 Title: 
 Chairman, Principal Financial Officer, Principal
Accounting Officer and Director 
 
 Date: 
 July 10, 2023 

This certification has been furnished solely pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

</EX-32.1>

