<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230920_10-K_edgar_data_1576942_0001576942-23-000114.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10997465</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>604251</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2642046</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3795375</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2033898</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1694885</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001576942-23-000114.hdr.sgml : 20230920
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230920162253
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001576942-23-000114
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230729
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230920
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230920

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stitch Fix, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				275026540
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0729

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38291
		FILM NUMBER:		231266730

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-882-7765

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 MONTGOMERY STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001576942-23-000114.txt : 20230920

10-K
 1
 sfix-20230729.htm
 10-K

sfix-20230729 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of January 28, 2023, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting Class A common stock and Class B common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately and , respectively, based on a closing price of 4.94 per share of the registrant s Class A common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Global Market on January 27, 2023. 
 As of September 15, 2023, the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.00002 per share, was , and the number of outstanding shares of the registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.00002 per share, was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

Table of Contents 
 Page Number Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 31 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 33 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 43 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 69 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 69 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 69 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 70 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 70 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 70 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 71 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 74 
 SIGNATURES 
 75 

Unless the context suggests otherwise, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report to Stitch Fix, the Company, we, us, and our refer to Stitch Fix, Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

3 

PART I 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The statements contained in this Annual Report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, project, seek, should, target, will, would, and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management, which are in turn based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A below. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 Stitch Fix is transforming the way people find what they love. 
 Stitch Fix was inspired by the vision of a client-first, client-centric new way of retail. What people buy and wear matters. When we serve our clients well, we help them discover and define their styles, we find jeans that fit and flatter their bodies, we reduce their anxiety and stress when getting ready in the morning, we give them confidence in job interviews and on first dates, and we give them time back in their lives to invest in themselves or spend with their families. Most of all, we are fortunate to play a small part in our clients looking, feeling, and ultimately being their best selves. 
 Stitch Fix operates in the United States and United Kingdom. Since our founding in 2011, we have helped millions of men, women, and kids discover and buy what they love through personalized shipments of apparel, shoes, and accessories. Currently, clients can engage with us in one of two ways that, combined, form an ecosystem of personalized experiences across styling, shopping, and inspiration: (1) by receiving a personalized shipment of items informed by our algorithms and sent by a Stitch Fix stylist (a Fix or (2) by purchasing directly from our website or mobile app based on a personalized assortment of outfit and item recommendations Freestyle ). Clients can choose to schedule automatic shipments or order a Fix on demand after they fill out a style profile on our website or mobile app. After receiving a Fix, our clients purchase the items they want to keep and return the other items, if any. Freestyle utilizes our algorithms to recommend a personalized assortment of outfit and item recommendations that will update throughout the day and will continue to evolve as we learn more about the client. 
 Stitch Fix was founded with a focus on Women s apparel. In our first few years, we were able to gain a deep understanding of our clients and merchandise and build the capability to listen to our clients, respond to feedback, and deliver the experience of personalization. We have since extended those capabilities into Men s, Kids, Petite, Maternity, and Plus apparel, as well as shoes and accessories. 
 We are successful when we are able to help clients find what they love again and again, creating long-term, trusted relationships. Our clients share personal information with us, including detailed style, size, fit, and price preferences, as well as unique inputs, such as how often they dress for certain occasions or which parts of their bodies they like to flaunt or cover up. Our clients are motivated to share these personal details with us and provide us with ongoing feedback because they recognize that doing so will result in more personalized and successful experiences. This feedback also creates a valuable network effect by helping us to better serve other clients. As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately 3,297,000 active clients. Refer to the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Financial and Operating Metrics for information on how we define and calculate active clients. 
 The very human experience that we deliver is powered by data science. Our data science capabilities consist of our rich data set and our proprietary algorithms, which fuel our business by enhancing the client experience and driving business model efficiencies. The vast majority of our client data is provided directly and explicitly by the client, rather than inferred, scraped, or obtained from other sources. We also gather extensive merchandise data, such as inseam, pocket shape, silhouette, and fit. This large and growing data set provides the foundation for proprietary algorithms that we use throughout our business, including those that predict purchase behavior, forecast demand, optimize inventory, and enable us to design new apparel. We believe our data science capabilities give us a significant competitive advantage, and as our data set grows, our algorithms become more powerful. 
 
 4 

With a Fix, we leverage our data science through a custom-built, web-based styling application that provides recommendations to our stylists from our broad selection of merchandise. Our stylists then send the most relevant items from our merchandise to a client in their Fix. Our stylists provide a personal touch, offer styling advice and context to each item selected, and help us develop long-term relationships with our clients. 
 We offer merchandise across multiple price points and styles from established and emerging brands, as well as our own private labels. Many of our brand partners also design and supply items exclusively for our clients. 
 Industry Overview 
 Technology is Driving Transformation Across Industries 
 Technological innovation has profoundly impacted how consumers discover and purchase products, forcing businesses to adapt to engage effectively with consumers. We believe that new business models that embrace these changes and truly focus on the consumer will be the winners in this changing environment. 
 The Apparel, Shoes, and Accessories Market is Massive, but Many Retailers have Failed to Adapt to Changing Consumer Behavior 
 The apparel, shoes, and accessories market is large, but we believe many brick-and-mortar retailers have failed to adapt to evolving consumer preferences. Historically, brick-and-mortar retailers have been the primary source of apparel, shoes, and accessories sales. Over time, brick-and-mortar retail has changed and the era of salespersons who know each customer on a personal level has passed. We believe many of today s consumers view the traditional retail experience as impersonal, time-consuming, and inconvenient. This has led to financial difficulties, bankruptcies, and store closures for many major department stores, specialty retailers, and retail chains. 
 eCommerce is Growing, but has Further Depersonalized the Shopping Experience 
 The internet has created new opportunities for consumers to shop for apparel. eCommerce continues to take market share from brick-and-mortar retail. The first wave of eCommerce companies prioritized low price and fast delivery. This transaction-focused model is well suited for commoditized products and when consumers already know what they want. However, we believe eCommerce companies often fall short when consumers do not know what they want and price and delivery speed are not the primary decision drivers. There is an overwhelming selection of apparel, shoes, and accessories available to consumers online, and standard search bars and filters are poor tools when it comes to finding items that fit one s style, figure, and occasion. eCommerce companies also lack the critical personal touchpoints necessary to help consumers find what they love, further depersonalizing the shopping experience. 
 Personalization 
 To be relevant today, retailers must find a way to connect with consumers on a personal level and fit conveniently into their lifestyles. Personalization in retail can be difficult and nuanced, as consumers consider many factors that can be difficult to articulate, including style, size, fit, feel, and occasion. We believe that consumers seek personalized retail experiences, which we power through a combination of data science and human judgment. 
 Competition 
 The retail apparel industry is highly competitive. Our competitors include eCommerce companies that sell apparel, shoes, and accessories; local, national, and global department stores; specialty retailers; discount chains; independent retail stores; and the online offerings of these traditional retail competitors. Additionally, we compete for our clients consumer discretionary spending from other shopping categories and experiences. 
 We compete primarily on the basis of client experience, brand, product selection, quality, convenience, and price. We believe that we are able to compete effectively because we offer clients a personalized and fun shopping experience that our competitors are unable to match. Refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our industry is highly competitive and if we do not compete effectively our operating results could be adversely affected for more information. 
 Our Service 
 We help millions of clients discover and buy what they love through personalized apparel, shoes, and accessories. 
 Our Data Science Advantage 
 Our data science capabilities fuel our business. These capabilities consist of our rich and growing set of detailed client and merchandise data and our proprietary algorithms. We use data science throughout our business, including to style our clients, offer personalized direct buy options, predict purchase behavior, forecast demand, and optimize inventory. 
 
 5 

Our data set is particularly powerful because: 
 the vast majority of our client data is provided directly and explicitly by the client, rather than inferred, scraped, or obtained from other sources; 
 our clients are motivated to provide us with relevant personal data, both at initial sign-up and over time as they use our service, because they trust it will improve their shopping experience; and 
 our merchandise data tracks dimensions that enable us to predict purchase behavior and deliver a more personalized experience. 
 On average, clients that complete our style profile provide us with over 91 meaningful data points, including detailed style, size, fit, and price preferences, as well as unique inputs such as how often they dress for certain occasions or which parts of their bodies the clients like to flaunt or cover up. Over time, through their feedback on Fixes they receive and Freestyle orders, clients share additional information about their preferences as well as detailed data about both the merchandise they keep and return. Historically, over 81 of our Fix shipments have resulted in direct client feedback. This feedback loop drives important network effects, as our client-provided data informs not only our personalization capabilities for the specific client, but also helps us better serve other clients. In addition, Style Shuffle, an interactive mobile and web-based feature in which participants rate Stitch Fix merchandise and outfits, has collected more than 10 billion Style Shuffle ratings, and provides additional data to strengthen our understanding of client tastes and style preferences. 
 We believe our proprietary merchandise data set is differentiated from other retailers. We encode each of our SKUs with numerous information attributes to help our algorithms make better recommendations for our clients. The information we store for each SKU includes: 
 basic data, such as brand, size, color, pattern, silhouette, and material; 
 item measurements, such as length, width, diameter of sleeve opening, and distance from collar to first button; 
 nuanced descriptors, such as how appropriate the piece is for a client that prefers preppy clothing or whether it is appropriate for a formal event; and 
 client feedback, such as how the item fits a 5 7 client or how popular the piece is with young mothers. 
 Our algorithms use our data set to match merchandise to each of our clients. For every combination of client and merchandise, we compute the probability the clients will keep that item based on their and other clients preferences and purchase history as well as the attributes and past performance of the merchandise. 
 Pairing Data Science and Human Judgment 
 The pairing of data science and human judgment drives a better client experience and a more powerful business model. Our advanced data science capabilities harness the power of our data for our stylists and clients by generating predictive recommendations to streamline the curation process, and in the case of Freestyle, generate highly personalized items and outfit recommendations in near real-time. For clients who prefer the assistance of a stylist, these stylists add a critical layer of contextual, human decision making that augments and improves our algorithms selections and creates the ultimate personalization experience. 
 Our Differentiated Value Proposition 
 Our Value Proposition to Clients 
 Our clients love our service for many reasons. We help clients find apparel, shoes, and accessories that they love in a way that is convenient and fun. We save our clients time by presenting them with a personalized shopping experience and expert styling advice they can trust, whether through Freestyle or a Fix. We believe our personalization capability removes the frustration of endlessly scrolling through hundreds of items that clients experience on other eCommerce platforms. 
 Clients also value the quality and diversity of our merchandise as we deliver the familiar brands they know, offer items they can t find anywhere else, and expand their fashion palette by exposing them to new brands and styles they might not have tried. We proudly serve women, men, and kids across ages, sizes, tastes, geographies, and price preferences. 
 Our Value Proposition to Brand Partners 
 We believe that we are a preferred channel for our brand partners. By introducing our clients to brands they may not have shopped for, we help our brand partners reach clients they may not have otherwise reached. Further, we provide our brand partners with insights based on client feedback that help our brand partners improve and evolve their merchandise to better meet consumer demand. 
 
 6 

Our Strengths 
 Since we were founded in 2011, we have shipped millions of orders to our clients. We have achieved this success due to our following key strengths: 
 our rich client and merchandise data; 
 our expert data science team and proprietary and predictive algorithms; and 
 our team of expert stylists. 
 Our Strategy 
 We aim to transform the way people find what they love. We plan to achieve this goal by continuing to: 
 expand our relationships with existing clients; 
 acquire new clients; and 
 expand our addressable market. 
 How it Works 
 Clients can engage with us in two ways that, when combined, form an ecosystem of personalized styling experiences. The first is the Fix, a personalized shipment of items informed by algorithms and sent by a Stitch Fix Stylist. The second is Freestyle, an online assortment of apparel, shoes, and accessories personalized to each client from which the client can purchase. 
 A Fix is a Stitch Fix-branded box containing a personalized assortment of apparel, shoes, and accessories informed by our algorithms and sent by Stitch Fix stylists and delivered to the clients to try on in the comfort of their own homes. They can keep some, all, or none of the items in the Fix and easily return any items in a prepaid-postage bag provided in the Fix. In each Fix, a stylist sends a client items from a broad range of merchandise recommended for the client by our algorithms. These algorithmic recommendations are based on the clients personal style profile, their own order behavior, the aggregate historical behavior of our client base, and the aggregate historical data we have collected on each item of merchandise we have available. 
 We have numerous touch points with our clients. Before clients receive their first Fix, they share the following information with us: 
 Style profile . Upon registering, each client fills out a style profile on either our website or mobile application. The style profile allows us to introduce ourselves to a client, initiate a dialogue, and start gathering data. 
 Personal note to stylist . Clients can share a personal note with their stylists when placing a Fix order or after receiving a Fix. For example, a client might request shoes for a friend s wedding or shorts for an upcoming vacation. These personal notes enable us to better personalize a Fix. 
 After completing their initial style profiles, clients choose their preferred order frequency and can select the exact date by which they want to receive their Fix. We currently offer two types of Fix scheduling: 
 Auto-ship . A client can elect to auto-ship Fixes every two to three weeks, monthly, bi-monthly, or quarterly. 
 On-demand . Our on-demand option allows clients to schedule a one-time Fix at any time, either instead of or in addition to utilizing the auto-ship option. On-demand clients are prompted to schedule their next Fix each time they check out, but are not obligated to do so. 
 We recognize that our clients have different needs, so our Fix frequency options are another way that we personalize the client experience. Clients can increase or decrease the Fix frequency at any time, and can also easily reschedule any given shipment to better accommodate their needs. Each Fix is delivered to the client s address of choice. 
 In addition to a personalized selection of apparel, shoes, and accessories, each Fix also includes a personal note from the stylist and a style card to provide clients with outfit ideas for each item. 
 Once clients decide which items they wish to keep, they can easily check out and pick the delivery date for their next Fix via our website or mobile application. 
 We charge clients a styling fee of 20 in the United States and 10 in the United Kingdom UK for each Fix, which is credited toward the merchandise purchased. For our Style Pass clients, we charge a 49 annual fee in the United States, the only country where Style Pass is offered, which provides unlimited styling for the year and is credited toward the merchandise purchased over the course of the year. If clients choose to keep all items chosen for them by their stylist, they receive a discount on the entire shipment, which is 25 in the United States and 20 in the UK. Clients can return the items they do not want or exchange items for a different size if available, using the prepaid-postage bag delivered in the Fix. We request that clients return items to us that they do not wish to purchase within three calendar days of receiving a Fix. 
 
 7 

With Freestyle, a client can visit our website or mobile application and make direct purchases of apparel, shoes and accessories from a personalized set of recommended items and outfits. A client who onboards through Freestyle will complete a style quiz, which we use to build a personalized shop with curated items that will continue to evolve as we learn more about the client. For clients who have previously made purchases on our platform, our Freestyle algorithms utilize additional data points, including: a client s style profile, past purchases, Style Shuffle responses, and our aggregate historical data with respect to clients and merchandise. Clients can engage with Freestyle through the following features: 
 Trending for You. A client can discover and shop an array of trending looks, personalized for each client. These picks are based on their style profile, Style Shuffle responses, and trending styles. 
 Complete your Looks. After a client has purchased at least one item from us, a client will be able to shop complete outfits that complement their Stitch Fix purchases. 
 Categories. A client can find pieces curated by categories which are informed by their style quiz, style profile, and trending styles. 
 Buy It Again. A client can shop new colors, prints, or sizes of any previously purchased items. 
 Freestyle purchases can be exchanged or returned using a prepaid-postage bag included in each shipment. No styling fee is charged for Freestyle purchases. 
 After clients receive their order, they are invited to provide feedback about the fit, price, style, and quality of the items. This feedback informs both our algorithms and stylists to improve each future order. We also gather feedback through Style Shuffle providing additional data to strengthen our understanding of client tastes and style preferences. 
 Our Merchandise, Brand Partners, and Owned Private Label Brands 
 The breadth of our merchandise selection is essential to our success. Our algorithms filter over one thousand SKUs to recommend a subset of relevant merchandise to our stylists or clients, who leverage the information to select or purchase merchandise. We source merchandise from brand partners and also create our own merchandise to serve unmet client needs. We offer apparel, shoes, and accessories across a range of price points. We currently serve our clients in the following categories: Women s, Men s, Kids, as well as Petite, Maternity, and Plus. 
 Brand Partners 
 We partner with established and emerging brands across multiple price points and styles. With many of our brand partners, we develop third-party branded items exclusively sold to Stitch Fix clients. This exclusivity allows our clients to discover personally recommended products that are unavailable elsewhere. 
 Brands and Products Exclusive to Stitch Fix 
 We offer products exclusive to Stitch Fix through Owned Private Label Brands. 
 We bring to market our own styles, which we refer to as Owned Private Label Brands, in order to target specific client needs that are unmet by what our merchandising team can source in the market. We use data science to identify and develop the new products for our Owned Private Label Brands. We then pair our data with the expertise of our merchandise vendors to bring these new products to market. We expect our product development efforts will yield better products for our clients as we acquire more data and feedback. 
 Owned Private Label Brands are a meaningful part of our business and we expect them to be a permanent part of our portfolio. However, we do not have specific targets for the merchandise mix provided by our brand partners and our Owned Private Label Brands, and expect it will fluctuate over time. We will continue to develop products when we identify opportunities or gaps in the market. 
 Sourcing 
 We purchase substantially all of our merchandise directly from our brand partners or Owned Private Label Brands merchandise vendors, who are responsible for the entire manufacturing process. 
 For the production of our Owned Private Label Brands, we contract with merchandise vendors, some of whom operate their own manufacturing facilities and others subcontract the manufacturing to third parties. Our vendors generally agree to our standard vendor terms, which govern our business relationship. Although we do not have long-term agreements with our vendors, we have long-standing relationships with a diverse base of vendors that we believe to be mutually satisfactory. 
 All of our Owned Private Label Brand merchandise is produced according to our specifications, and we require that all of our vendors comply with applicable law and observe strict standards of conduct. We have hired independent firms that conduct initial and ongoing audits of the working conditions at the factories producing our Owned Private Label Brands. If an audit reveals potential problems, we require that the vendor institute corrective action plans to bring the factory into compliance with our standards, or we may discontinue our relationship with the vendor. 
 
 8 

Inventory Management and Fulfillment 
 We utilize six fulfillment centers, five of which are in the United States (located in Arizona, Texas, Pennsylvania, Georgia, and Indiana), and one of which is in the UK, and is operated by a third party. In furtherance and as an expansion of the restructuring plan announced in June 2022 (the 2022 Restructuring Plan ), we announced in June 2023 the intended closures of our fulfillment centers in Pennsylvania and Texas. Following the closures, we will have a three fulfillment center strategy in the United States, which we believe will more optimally serve our clients across the entire country by showcasing the most relevant breadth and depth of inventory for stylists to send to clients with a lower inventory base now, and even as we grow our client base. Additionally, in connection with the 2022 Restructuring Plan, in June 2023, we also announced that we would enter a consultation period, in accordance with UK law, to explore exiting the market in the UK. On August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period, and made the decision to exit our business and wind down our operations in the UK. Refer to Note 13, Restructuring within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for more details. 
 In our fulfillment centers, our algorithms increase efficiencies in processes such as allocation, batch picking, transportation, shipping, returns, and ongoing process improvement. We have a reverse logistics operation to manage returned merchandise. Our specialist returns teams in our dedicated return intake areas accept, process, and reallocate returns to our inventory so the merchandise can be offered for another Fix or Freestyle order. 
 Seasonality 
 Seasonality in our business does not follow that of traditional retailers, such as typical high concentration of revenue in the holiday quarter. Historically, our net sales have not been concentrated in a particular period or season, with 28 , 25 , 24 , and 23 of our annual net sales being recognized during the first, second, third, and fourth quarters of the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 , respectively. 
 Intellectual Property 
 We protect our intellectual property through a combination of trademarks, domain names, copyrights, trade secrets, and patents, as well as contractual provisions and restrictions on access to our proprietary technology. Our principal trademark assets include the trademarks Stitch Fix and Fix, which are registered in the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, our logos and taglines, and multiple private label apparel and accessory brand names. We have applied to register or registered many of our trademarks in the United States and other jurisdictions, and we will pursue additional trademark registrations to the extent we believe they would be beneficial and cost-effective. 
 We file patents in the United States and abroad and intend to pursue additional patent protection to the extent we believe it would be beneficial and cost-effective. 
 We are the registered holder of multiple domestic and international domain names that include stitchfix and similar variations. We also hold domain registrations for many of our private label brand names and other related trade names and slogans. 
 Our proprietary algorithm technologies, other than those incorporated into a patent application, are protected by trade secret laws. 
 In addition to the protection provided by our intellectual property rights, we enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements with our employees, consultants, contractors, and business partners. Our employees are also subject to invention assignment agreements. We further control the use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property through provisions in both our client terms of use on our website and mobile app and in our vendor terms and conditions. 
 Government Regulation 
 As with all retailers and companies operating on the internet, we are subject to a variety of international and U.S. federal and state laws governing the processing of payments, consumer protection, the privacy of consumer information, and other laws regarding unfair and deceptive trade practices. 
 Apparel, shoes, and accessories sold by us are also subject to regulation by governmental agencies in the United States and in the UK. These regulations relate principally to product labeling, licensing requirements, flammability testing, and product safety. We are also subject to environmental laws, rules, and regulations. Similarly, apparel, shoes, and accessories sold by us are also subject to import regulations in the United States and other countries concerning the use of wildlife products for commercial and non-commercial trade, including the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. We do not estimate any significant capital expenditures for environmental control matters either in the current fiscal year or in the near future. 
 
 9 

Human Capital 
 Headcount 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had approximately 5,860 full-time and part-time employees, including 2,620 stylists, 2,270 fulfillment center employees, 240 engineers and data scientists, 130 client experience employees, 180 merchandising employees, and 420 general and administrative employees. As of such date, 84 of our employees, 50 of our management team, and 38 of our Board of Directors identified as women. 
 Employee Relations 
 None of our employees is represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages due to employee disputes, and we consider our relations with our employees to be good. 
 We value our employees feedback and conduct anonymous employee engagement and satisfaction surveys at least annually, with quarterly pulse surveys, which we use to determine what is important to our employees and to evolve Company practices and policies. 
 Pay Equity 
 We believe pay equity is equal pay for work of equal value. By paying employees fairly and consistently based on the role they perform, location, and according to market data, companies can ensure that employees are not paid based on factors like gender, race, or ethnicity. We know these subjective factors can play a role in compensation, to the employee s disadvantage or to their advantage, and so our compensation philosophy is rooted in pay equity as a guiding principle. 
 We established a system of equal pay from Stitch Fix s inception. We believe a fair and unbiased compensation structure is a critical component to drive a more inclusive culture within our own walls and beyond and ultimately helps us attract and retain the highest caliber talent. It also means that we can sustain a system that creates less motivation for self-serving politics or individual goals, and creates intrinsic motivation to drive toward collective success and the happiness of our clients. 
 On an annual basis, we retain a third party to audit our pay data. While we have confidence in our approach and philosophy, we want to ensure that our compensation system withstands external review by applying appropriate and accepted methods and standards. The results have continued to show there is no statistically significant difference in pay across gender, race or any other protected classes at Stitch Fix, and that women earn 1.00 for every 1.00 earned by comparable men and employees of color earn 1.00 for every 1.00 earned by comparable white employees. 
 We will continue to analyze these numbers each year to ensure we maintain pay equity. While we have equal pay for work of equal value, other biases can impact pay. With that in mind, we continue to be vigilant and review areas like leveling and promotions in our organization to ensure that we are working to identify and mitigate any biases in these processes. 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 The goal of our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion strategy is to ensure that our people and business practices allow us to build a company, products, and experiences that reflect the richness of the communities in which we operate. We know that a diverse employee base makes Stitch Fix better, our ideas stronger, and our experience more broadly resonate with the clients we serve today, and will serve in the future. We work towards equitable practices to mitigate bias across areas like hiring, employee performance, evaluation, and promotion; our employee experience; and our vendor and brand engagement. We invest in spaces for employees to learn and grow so that they are equipped to design and uphold equitable systems and processes. 
 To ensure that our ongoing Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion strategy is informed by and rooted in data, we analyze and share our company demography on our website. We do this to drive knowledge, precision, and transparency not only for ourselves internally, but also to contribute to the dialogue and information sharing that is critical to chartering a path forward for the industry. 
 We also have established seven Employee Resource Groups, which we call Stitch Fix Communities. The goal of our Stitch Fix Communities is to create spaces that drive increased inclusion and belonging for individuals from underrepresented groups who have historically been marginalized in our broader society, to build on our mission of inspiring people to be their best, authentic selves, and to create opportunities for employees to share their perspectives with our leaders and connect with each other on a deeper level. Each Stitch Fix Community is led by employees who are supported by an Executive Sponsor, recognized for their leadership, and compensated for their time with learning and development investments and annual special equity grants. 
 
 10 

Corporate and Available Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in 2011 under the name rack habit inc. We changed our name to Stitch Fix, Inc. in October 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 1 Montgomery Street, Suite 1100, San Francisco, California, 94104, and our telephone number is (415) 882-7765. Our website is located at www.stitchfix.com, and our investor relations website is located at https://investors.stitchfix.com. 
 We file or furnish electronically with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We make copies of these reports available free of charge through our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding Stitch Fix and other issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 Information contained on or accessible through our websites is not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report or any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 11 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks. The following summary highlights some of the risks you should consider with respect to our business and prospects. This summary is not complete and the risks summarized below are not the only risks we face. You should review and consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described in more detail in the Risk Factors below, which includes a more complete discussion of the risks summarized here. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We may be unable to retain clients or maintain a high level of engagement with our clients and maintain or increase their spending with us, which could harm our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
 Our growth depends on attracting new clients. 
 We rely on paid marketing to help grow our business, but these efforts may not be successful or cost effective, and such expenses may vary from period to period. 
 If we are unable to manage our inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Operational constraints or our failure to adequately and effectively staff our fulfillment centers could adversely affect our client experience and operating results. 
 Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in our shipping arrangements or any interruptions in shipping could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our business, including our costs and supply chain, is subject to risks associated with the sourcing and pricing of merchandise and raw materials. 
 We may not be able to return to revenue growth and we may not be profitable in the future. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our business, our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our employees, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to develop and introduce new offerings or expand into new markets in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be negatively impacted. 
 We have a short operating history in an evolving industry and, as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 
 Our business depends on a strong brand and we may not be able to maintain our brand and reputation. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our stylists, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to acquire new merchandise vendors or retain existing merchandise vendors, our operating results may be harmed. 
 We may incur significant losses from fraud. 
 We are subject to payment-related risks. 
 Risks Relating to our Industry, the Market, and the Economy 
 We rely on consumer discretionary spending and may be adversely affected by economic downturns and other macroeconomic conditions or trends. 
 Our industry is highly competitive and if we do not compete effectively our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our operating results have been, and could be in the future, adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events. 
 Cybersecurity, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 System interruptions that impair client access to our website or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure could damage our business. 
 Compromises of our data security or that of our third-party service providers could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and may materially harm our reputation and operating results. 
 Some of our software and systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary applications. 
 Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we are or may be involved could expose us to monetary damages or limit our ability to operate our business. 
 
 12 

Any failure by us or our vendors to comply with product safety, labor, or other laws, or our standard vendor terms and conditions, or to provide safe factory conditions for our or their workers, may damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business. 
 Our use of personal information, personal data, and sensitive information subjects us to privacy laws and other obligations (such as cybersecurity and data protection in contracts), and our compliance with or failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 Unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with evolving internet and eCommerce regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 If the use of cookie tracking technologies is further restricted, regulated, or blocked, or if changes in technology cause cookies to become less reliable or acceptable as a means of tracking consumer behavior, the amount or accuracy of internet user information we collect would decrease, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 If we cannot successfully protect our intellectual property, our business would suffer. 
 We may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 Risks Relating to Taxes 
 Changes in U.S. tax or tariff policy regarding apparel produced in other countries could adversely affect our business. 
 We could be required to collect additional sales taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our clients would have to pay for our offering and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Federal income tax reform could have unforeseen effects on our financial condition and results of operations . 
 We may be subject to additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may continue to be volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may lose all or part of your investment. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock concentrates voting control with our directors, executive officers, and their affiliates, and may depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Class A common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation of the value of our Class A common stock. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Future securities sales and issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders and impair the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our reported financial information and this may lead to a decline in our stock price. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient capital to support and grow our business, and outside capital might not be available or may be available only by diluting existing stockholders. 
 If securities or industry analysts either do not publish research about us or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock adversely, the trading price or trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 

13 

RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider and read carefully all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report ), and in our other public filings. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In such case, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. This Annual Report also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We may be unable to retain clients or maintain a high level of engagement with our clients and maintain or increase their spending with us, which could harm our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
 If our existing clients no longer find our service and merchandise appealing or appropriately priced, they may make fewer purchases or may stop using our service altogether. Even if our existing clients continue to find our service and merchandise appealing, they may decide to receive fewer Fixes or purchase fewer items from their Fixes or through Freestyle as their demand for new apparel declines, due to macroeconomic conditions, or for other reasons. A high proportion of our revenue comes from repeat purchases by existing clients, especially those existing clients who are highly engaged and purchase a significant amount of merchandise from us. If clients who receive Fixes most frequently or purchase a significant amount of merchandise from us make fewer or lower priced purchases or stop using our service altogether, our financial results will be negatively affected. For instance, in fiscal year 2023, our number of active clients decreased throughout the year due to our inability to attract new clients and retain existing clients. This negatively affected our fiscal year 2023 revenue and is expected to affect our revenue in fiscal year 2024. 
 We seek to attract high-quality clients who will remain clients for the long term, but our efforts may not be successful or produce the results we anticipate. For example, if we are not able to engage new Fix clients effectively so they continue receiving Fixes after their first few tries, our active client growth will continue to suffer. In addition, in the fall of 2021, we launched Freestyle to new-to-Stitch Fix clients. We did not acquire as many new clients through Freestyle as we had hoped. Our inability to attract and keep high-quality clients engaged, a continued decrease in our number of active clients, or a decrease in client spending could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our growth depends on attracting new clients. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract new clients in a cost-effective manner. To expand our client base, we must appeal to and acquire clients who have historically used other means to purchase apparel, shoes, and accessories, such as traditional brick-and-mortar retailers or other online retailers. We currently utilize both digital and offline channels to attract new visitors to our website or mobile app and subsequently convert them into clients. At any given time, our advertising efforts may include, social media marketing, keyword search campaigns, affiliate programs, partnerships, campaigns with celebrities and influencers, display advertising, television, radio, video, content, direct mail, email, mobile push communications, SMS, and search engine optimization. Our marketing expenses have varied from period to period, and we expect this trend to continue as we evolve our marketing strategies and employ a disciplined approach to marketing spend. If we increase our marketing spend, we cannot be certain that these increases will yield more clients, achieve meaningful payback on our investments, or be cost effective. We may also adjust our marketing strategy or decrease spend within a period if we are not achieving the intended results or if we believe the return-on-investment is not favorable, which may result in faster or slower rates of active client growth in any given period. For instance in the first and second quarters of fiscal 2022, we spent less on marketing because we were experiencing weaker-than-expected conversion of new clients and decided to pull back to focus on evolving the Freestyle offering and refining the client onboarding experience. This negatively impacted our ability to acquire new clients, and in turn, our net revenue in subsequent quarters of fiscal year 2022. We also experienced weaker-than-expected conversion of new clients in the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2022 driven by onboarding challenges and lower site traffic, due in part to the ongoing effects of Apple s iOS privacy changes that r equire apps to get a user s opt-in permission before tracking the user or sharing the user s data across apps or websites owned by companies other than the app s owner . 
 In addition, we seek to attract new clients by offering new products, services, and ways to engage with our platform, such as our Freestyle offering. If such new products or services are not timely or successfully launched or are not successful in attracting new clients, our results of operations may suffer. In fiscal 2022, our results were below our expectations, in large part, because the initial launch of Freestyle did not drive as much new client growth as we anticipated. Moreover, new clients may not purchase from us as frequently or spend as much with us as existing clients, and the revenue generated from new clients may not be as high as the revenue generated from our existing clients. These factors may harm our growth prospects and our business could be adversely affected. 

14 

We rely on paid marketing to help grow our business, but these efforts may not be successful or cost effective, and such expenses may vary from period to period. 
 Promoting awareness of our service is important to our ability to grow our business, drive client engagement, and attract new clients. At any given time, our marketing and advertising efforts may include, client referrals, social media marketing, keyword search campaigns, affiliate programs, partnerships, campaigns with celebrities and influencers, display advertising, television, radio, video, content, direct mail, email, mobile push communications, SMS, and search engine optimization. External factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and decreased discretionary consumer spending, have impacted and may in the future impact the success of our marketing initiatives or how much we decide to spend on marketing in a given period. We also adjust our marketing activity from period to period or within a period as we launch new initiatives or offerings, such as Freestyle, run tests, or make decisions on marketing investments in response to anticipated rates of return, such as when we identify favorable cost per acquisition trends. For example, in the first and second fiscal quarters of fiscal year 2022, we spent less on marketing because we were experiencing weaker-than-expected conversion of new clients and decided to pull back to focus on evolving the Freestyle offering and refining the client onboarding experience. This led to fewer clients being acquired, which negatively impacted our net revenue for the remainder of fiscal year 2022. W e have seen increased costs in certain digital marketing channels and our marketing initiatives may become increasingly expensive; generating a meaningful return on those initiatives may be difficult. Even if we successfully increase revenue as a result of our paid marketing efforts, it may not offset the additional marketing expenses we incur . 
 We currently obtain a significant number of visits to our websites via organic search engine results. Search engines frequently change the algorithms that determine the ranking and display of results of a user s search, which could reduce the number of organic visits to our websites, in turn reducing new client acquisition and adversely affecting our operating results. Social networks are important as a source of new clients and as a means by which to connect with current clients, and their importance may be increasing. We may be unable to effectively maintain a presence within these networks, which could lead to lower than anticipated brand affinity and awareness, and in turn could adversely affect our operating results. 
 Further, mobile operating system and web browser providers, such as Apple and Google, have implemented product changes to limit the ability of advertisers to collect and use data to target and measure advertising. For example, Apple made a change in iOS 14 that required apps to get a user s opt-in permission before tracking a user or sharing the user s data across apps or websites owned by companies other than the app s owner. Google has updated its timetable for restricting the use of third-party cookies in its Chrome browser, consistent with similar actions taken by the owners of other browsers, such as Apple in its Safari browser, and Mozilla in its Firefox browser. In early 2024, Google will begin banning third party cookies with the goal of phasing them out by the end of 2024. These changes have reduced and will continue to reduce our ability to efficiently target and measure advertising, in particular through online social networks, making our advertising less cost effective and successful. We expect to continue to be impacted by these changes. 
 With respect to our email marketing efforts, if we are unable to successfully deliver emails to our clients or if clients do not engage with our emails, whether out of choice, because those emails are marked as low priority or spam, or for other reasons, our business could be adversely affected. 
 If we are unable to manage our inventory effectively, our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 To ensure timely delivery of merchandise, we generally enter into purchase contracts well in advance of a particular season and often before apparel trends are confirmed by client purchases. As a result, we are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and to suboptimal selection and timing of merchandise purchases. We rely on our merchandising team to order styles and products that our clients will purchase and we rely on our data science to inform the depth and breadth of inventory we purchase, including when to reorder items that are selling well and when to write off items that are not selling well. We have not always predicted demand and clients preferences with accuracy, which has negatively impacted revenue or resulted in significant write-offs when we have sub-optimal inventory assortment. For instance, in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we experienced weaker consumer demand, which caused us to have higher inventory levels and increased inventory reserves that affected our financial results. 
 In the third quarter of fiscal 2023, we announced the closure of two additional U.S. fulfillment centers because we believe our inventory would be better optimized across a smaller network of warehouses in the U.S., allowing us to deliver a better client experience with access to a greater breadth inventory for a given Fix, while at the same time operating with lower, more cash efficient, inventory levels. This smaller inventory base and our focus on inventory efficiency creates increased risk related to inventory assortment. If we experience sub-optimal inventory assortment to meet demand, it may affect revenue in current and future quarters. If we do not predict client demand accurately, do not reorder or write off the right products in a timely manner, or otherwise do not effectively manage our inventory, we may experience significant inventory write-offs or insufficient inventory to meet demand, which would adversely affect our operating results. 
 Additionally, many of our inventory vendors utilize third parties to provide financing that enables them produce and ship our items. While we do not manage the relationships with our vendors and their financial intermediaries, the tightening of credit markets, as well as our recent operating results, have put pressure on some of our vendors ability to secure that financing. This may impact our ability to receive inventory and manage our assortment. 
 
 15 

Our inventory levels also may be affected by product launch delays, consumer demand fluctuations due to macroeconomic factors, uncertainty or otherwise, disruptions in our systems due to upgrades, launches or otherwise, freight delays, vendor relationships, capacity constraints, and our inability to predict demand with respect to categories or products. For example, freight delays caused by lockdowns due to COVID-19, port closures, port congestion, and shipping container and ship shortages have affected us and caused us to experience delays in receiving inventory. Freight delays caused by these issues or new issues, including labor disruptions or shortages, may affect us in future quarters. Also, in the past we have experienced challenges managing our inventory within the fulfillment centers given storage capacity constraints and challenges hiring fulfillment center employees. Any future such challenges could affect, the amount and types of inventory we have available to offer to clients, and therefore negatively affect our operating results. 
 Operational constraints at our fulfillment centers or our failure to adequately and effectively staff our fulfillment centers could adversely affect our client experience and operating results. 
 We currently receive and distribute merchandise at five fulfillment centers in the United States. We also have a fulfillment center in the UK, which is operated by a third party. In June 2023, we announced we planned to enter a consultation period to explore exiting the market in the UK, and on August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period and made the decision to exit our UK business and wind down operations. In June 2023, we announced the intended closures of our Pennsylvania Texas fulfillment centers. Following the closure of these fulfillment centers, we will operate three fulfillment centers in the United States. While we believe three fulfillment centers is the appropriate number to provide the greatest breadth and depth of inventory to our clients and stylists and will allow us to service the same number of existing clients with lower inventory levels, this decreased fulfillment system could cause operational constraints or decreased capacity that could significantly affect our client experience or revenue. Additionally, we may experience operational issues as we transition to our new fulfillment center model which could affect our client experience and financial results. 
 Severe weather events, including earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, storms, and other adverse weather events and climate conditions could also cause operational constraints or temporarily reduce our ability to ship merchandise to clients. For instance, the severe winter weather and temperatures experienced in Texas and other parts of the country in February 2021 caused us to temporarily close two of our fulfillment centers and affected the shipping of merchandise in and out of our fulfillment centers. Future weather events, which we expect to become more frequent and more severe with the increasing effects of climate change, could have a significant impact on our operations and results of operations. Additionally, the impact of such weather events affecting one or more fulfillment center may be exacerbated due to the fact that we will have fewer fulfillment centers to continue operations during such a closure and therefore each individual fulfillment center will represent a larger portion of our overall business. Further, during the third quarter of our 2020 fiscal year, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we temporarily closed three of our fulfillment centers and implemented changes that resulted in operational constraints, which in turn temporarily reduced our ability to ship merchandise to clients and earn revenue. In fiscal year 2021, we experienced smaller, intermittent interruptions in connection with an increase of COVID-19 cases in our fulfillment centers. Any future surges of COVID-19 or future pandemics may negatively affect capacity at our fulfillment centers. 
 We have in the past experienced difficulty hiring employees in our fulfillment centers, which we attributed to COVID-19 concerns and to increased competition and rising wages for eCommerce fulfillment center workers. To address this, we increased wages in our fulfillment centers and implemented other policies in order to be more competitive in hiring employees. These wage increases impacted our operating results. We may in the future have difficulty hiring employees in fulfillment centers due to increased competition or otherwise and we may have to increase wages for our fulfillment center employees, which would impact our operating results. These hiring difficulties have caused capacity constraints in our fulfillment centers in the past and could in the future cause capacity constraints. Capacity constraints in our fulfillment centers could affect the amount and types of inventory we have available to offer to clients, which will affect our results of operations. Any capacity constraints due to hiring difficulties may be exacerbated due to the fact that we will have fewer fulfillment centers. If we are unable to adequately staff our fulfillment centers to meet demand, or if the cost of such staffing is higher than projected due to competition, mandated wage increases, regulatory changes, or other factors, our operating results will be further harmed. 
 In addition, operating fulfillment centers comes with potential risks, such as workplace safety issues and employment claims for the failure or alleged failure to comply with labor laws or laws respecting union organizing activities. Furthermore, if we fail to comply with wage and hour laws for our nonexempt employees, many of whom work in our fulfillment centers, we could be subject to legal risk, including claims for back wages, unpaid overtime pay, and missed meal and rest periods, which could be on a class or representative basis. Any such issues may result in delays in shipping times, reduced packing quality, or costly litigation, and our reputation and operating results may be harmed. 
 Shipping is a critical part of our business and any changes in our shipping arrangements or any interruptions in shipping could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We currently rely on three major vendors for our shipping. If we are not able to negotiate acceptable pricing and other terms with these entities, shipping prices increase at unexpected levels, or our shipping vendors experience performance problems or other difficulties, it could negatively impact our operating results and our clients experience. In addition, our ability to receive inbound inventory 
 
 16 

efficiently, ship merchandise to clients, and receive returned merchandise from clients may be negatively affected by inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, labor disputes, shortages, or strikes, acts of war or terrorism, periods of high e-commerce volume, such as holiday seasons, and similar factors. Due to our business model and the fact that we recognize revenue from Fixes when a client checks out items, rather than when Fixes are shipped, we may be impacted by shipping delays to a greater extent than our competitors. Additionally, delays in shipping may cause an auto-ship client s subsequent Fixes to be scheduled for a later date, as their next Fix is not scheduled until their checkout is complete. In the second quarter of our 2021 fiscal year, we experienced carrier and client shipping delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic and the increased strain on our shipping partners during the holiday season. These delays affected our ability to recognize revenue within the quarter, and we may in the future experience these delays and the resulting impact to our financial results, including potentially during future holiday seasons. In the past, strikes at major international shipping ports have impacted our supply of inventory from our vendors and severe weather events have resulted in long delivery delays and Fix cancellations. Additionally, some of our merchandise may be damaged or lost during transit with our shipping vendors. If a greater portion of our merchandise is not delivered in a timely fashion or is damaged or lost during transit, it could adversely affect our operating results or could cause our clients to become dissatisfied and cease using our services, which would adversely affect our business. 
 Our business, including our costs and supply chain, is subject to risks associated with the sourcing and pricing of merchandise and raw materials. 
 We currently source nearly all of the merchandise that we offer from third-party vendors, many of whom use manufacturers in the same geographic region, and as a result we may be subject to price increases or fluctuations, inflationary pressures, tariffs, demand disruptions, increased shipping or freight costs, or shipping delays in connection with our merchandise. Increased shipping or freights costs or shipping and freight delays could be caused or exacerbated by labor disputes, shortages, or strikes, inclement weather, fire, flood, power loss, earthquakes, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, acts of war or terrorism, and periods of high e-commerce volume. Our operating results are and have been negatively impacted by increases in the cost of our merchandise, and we have no guarantees that costs will not rise further or at increasing rates. In addition, as we expand into new categories, product types, and geographies, we expect that we may not have strong purchasing power in these new areas, which could lead to higher costs than we have historically seen in our current categories. We may not be able to pass increased costs on to clients, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 The fabrics used by our vendors are made of raw materials including, but not limited to, petroleum-based products and cotton. Significant price increases or fluctuations, currency volatility or fluctuation, tariffs, shortages, increases in shipping or freight costs, or shipping delays of petroleum, cotton, or other raw materials could significantly increase our cost of goods sold or affect our operating results. Additionally, we have limited visibility into delays and limited control over shipping. We have also experienced increased costs of goods due to freight challenges, increases in the price of raw materials, inflationary pressures, rising fuel and other energy costs, and currency volatility. Any additional price increases will affect our operating results. 
 Other factors such as natural disasters have in the past increased raw material costs, impacted pricing with certain of our vendors, and caused shipping delays for certain of our merchandise. Also, the U.S. government s ban on cotton imported from the Xinjiang region of China, the source of a large portion of the world s cotton supply, may impact prices and the availability of cotton for our merchandise. Additionally, our products and materials (including potentially non-cotton materials) could be held for inspection by the United States Customs Border Protection (the U.S. CBP ), which would cause delays and unexpectedly affect our inventory levels. In addition, the labor costs to produce our products may fluctuate. In the event of a significant disruption in the supply of fabrics or raw materials used in the manufacture of the merchandise we offer, our vendors might not be able to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price. Any delays, interruption, damage to, or increased costs in raw materials or the manufacture of the merchandise we offer could result in higher prices to acquire the merchandise, or non-delivery of merchandise altogether, and could adversely affect our operating results. 
 In addition, we cannot guarantee that merchandise we receive from vendors will be of sufficient quality or free from damage, or that such merchandise will not be damaged during shipping, while stored in one of our fulfillment centers, or when returned by customers. While we take measures to ensure merchandise quality and avoid damage, we cannot control merchandise while it is out of our possession. We may incur additional expenses and our reputation could be harmed if clients and potential clients believe that our merchandise is not of high quality or may be damaged. 
 We may not be able to return to revenue growth and we may not be profitable in the future. 
 Our past revenue growth and profitability should not be considered indicative of our future performance. Our revenue decreased by 21.0 in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022, decreased by 1.4 in fiscal 2022 compared to fiscal 2021, and increased by 22.8 in fiscal 2021 compared to fiscal 2020. Our revenue may continue to decline in future periods due to a number of factors, which may include our inability to attract and retain clients, general economic conditions, including a recession or decreased discretionary consumer spending, decreases in marketing spend, a decreased demand for our merchandise and service, increased competition, decreases in the growth rate of our overall market, or our failure to capitalize on growth opportunities. 
 
 17 

We announced a restructuring plan in June 2022, intended to reduce our future fixed and variable operating costs. However, our restructuring plan may not adequately reduce expenses or impact our results as we anticipate. Moreover, our expenses may increase, particularly if we develop and introduce new merchandise offerings, need to hire and retain personnel, or increase investment in our marketing initiatives. We may not always pursue short-term profits but are often focused on long-term growth, which may impact our financial results. If our revenue does not increase to offset increases in our operating expenses, we may not be profitable in future periods. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our business, our financial condition and operating results could be harmed. 
 We must continue to implement our operational plans and strategies, and improve and expand our infrastructure of people and technology. Additionally, we expect to continue to introduce new offerings, business strategies and initiatives, and improve on existing offerings . Our operations, vendor base, fulfillment centers, information technology systems, or internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support our changing operations. Any change or upgrade to our systems to support the increasing complexity of our business involves risk and we may experience problems or delays as we make upgrades or changes to our systems. For example, in the first quarter of fiscal 2022, we experienced technical issues following a systems upgrade to our procure-to-pay processes which affected the transmission, receipt, and reconciliation of purchase orders and payments with many of our apparel and accessory vendors. The roll-out of new offerings and initiatives require investments of time and resources and may require changes in our website, mobile apps, information technology systems or processes, which involves inherent risk. These initiatives and changes also may not be rolled out as timely or effectively as we expect or may not produce the results we intend. If new offerings and initiatives are delayed, it could affect our inventory levels. If we are unable to manage the growth of our organization effectively, or if growth initiatives are not introduced timely, do not produce the anticipated results, or cause unanticipated issues, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to attract and retain key personnel, effectively manage succession, or hire, develop, and motivate our employees, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to attract and retain key personnel on our management team and in our merchandising, algorithms, engineering, marketing, styling, and other organizations. We do not currently maintain key-person life insurance policies on any member of our senior management team or other key employees. 
 We do not have long-term employment or non-competition agreements with any of our personnel. We have had senior employees leave Stitch Fix, including most recently the roles of Chief Financial Officer and Chief Technology Officer, and cannot necessarily anticipate when this will happen in the future and whether we will be able to promptly replace such employees. Additionally, in January 2023, the Company and Elizabeth Spaulding, the Company s then-current Chief Executive Officer, agreed that she would step down from her employment with the Company and the Board of Directors appointed Katrina Lake, the Company s Founder and Executive Chairperson of the Board of Directors, as interim Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Lake served in that position until Matt Baer joined as Chief Executive Officer of the Company in June 2023. The recent frequent changes in our management team and senior leadership could cause retention and morale concerns among current employees, as well as operational risks. And if Mr. Baer s succession to Chief Executive Officer is not managed successfully, including his ability to lead a team that can effectively implement the Company s strategic plans, it could disrupt our business, affect our Company culture, cause retention concerns with respect to our colleagues, and affect our financial condition and operating results. Additionally, the loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to promptly identify a suitable successor to a key role could have an adverse effect on our business, 
 We have experienced increased employee turnover as a result of the general market conditions and a competitive talent market within the U.S., as well as Company-specific factors, such as share price decline, business performance, and leadership changes, and we expect to continue to experience increased employee turnover in the future. We announced a restructuring plan in June 2022 that reduced our workforce by 15 of salaried positions and represents 4 of our roles in total, and announced a further reduction in force on January 5, 2023, affecting 6 of the Company s then-current employee workforce, including approximately 20 of employees in salaried positions. In June 2023, we announced the closure of two fulfillment centers and our intention to enter a consultation period to explore exiting the market in the U.K. and on August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period and made the decision to exit our UK business and wind down operations. This additional reduction in workforce and change in our operations may cause additional attrition and affect employee morale. Additionally, as we are operating our business with fewer employees, we face additional risk that we might not be able to execute on our strategic plans and product roadmap, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We also face significant competition for personnel, particularly in our technology and product organizations. To attract top talent, we have had to offer, and believe we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages before we can validate the productivity of those employees. We also have in the past had difficulty hiring employees in fulfillment centers due to increased competition for distribution workers and rising wages and have increased our employee compensation levels in response to competition, as necessary. 
 We cannot be sure that we will be able to attract, retain, and motivate a sufficient number of qualified personnel in the future, or that the compensation costs of doing so will not adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, we may not be able to hire and train new employees quickly enough to meet our needs. If we fail to retain employees and effectively manage our hiring needs, our 
 
 18 

efficiency, ability to meet forecasts, employee morale, productivity, and the success of our strategic plans and product roadmap could suffer, which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 If we are unable to develop and introduce new offerings or expand into new markets in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be negatively impacted. 
 Our initial merchandise offering was Women s apparel, but since our inception we expanded our merchandise offerings to include Petite, Maternity, Men s, Plus, Premium Brands, and Kids and launched our service in the UK market. In June 2019, we introduced our direct-buy functionality (now called Freestyle with Buy It Again allowing clients in the United States to buy previously purchased items in new colors, prints, and sizes. We expanded direct buy with Complete Your Looks, which allows clients to discover and shop personalized outfits with new items that complement their prior purchases, Trending For You, which allows clients to shop personalized looks based on their style profiles, and Categories, a new way for clients to easily discover pieces within a range of categories based on occasion, brand, or item type. And, in August 2021, we opened up Freestyle to new-to-Stitch Fix clients who had never received a Fix from us previously. We continue to explore additional offerings to serve our existing clients, attract new clients, and expand our geographic scope. 
 New offerings may not have the same success, or gain traction as quickly, as our current offerings. If our new offerings are not accepted by our clients or do not attract new clients, our sales may fall short of expectations, our brand and reputation could be adversely affected, and we may incur expenses that are not offset by sales. Developing new offerings requires significant investments of resources and time, and if a new offering is not successful, our business may not grow as anticipated. If the launch of a new category or offering requires investments greater than we expect, is delayed or is not executed well, our operating results could be negatively impacted. For example, in launching Freestyle to new customers during our fiscal 2022, we implemented client on-boarding changes in an effort to drive new clients to Freestyle. These changes resulted in lower conversion of new clients to our Fix offering, which impacted our operating results. Also, our business may be adversely affected if we are unable to attract brands and other merchandise vendors that produce sufficient high-quality, appropriately priced, and on-trend merchandise. 
 Our current merchandise offerings have a range of margin profiles and we believe new offerings will also have a broad range of margin profiles that will affect our operating results. If we enter into new categories, we may not have as high purchasing power as we do in our current offerings, which could increase our costs of goods sold and further reduce our margins. Expansion of our merchandise offerings may also strain our management and operational resources, specifically the need to hire and manage additional merchandise buyers to source new merchandise and to allocate new categories across our distribution network. We may also face greater competition in specific categories from companies that are more focused on these areas. For instance, our entry into the Kids category means we now compete with a number of additional companies that have been in the Kids category for a longer period of time and may have more experience in children s clothing. If any of the above were to occur, it could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and have an adverse effect on our operating results. 
 We have a short operating history in an evolving industry and, as a result, our past results may not be indicative of future operating performance. 
 We have a short operating history in a rapidly evolving industry that may not develop in a manner favorable to our business. Our relatively short operating history makes it difficult to assess our future performance. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the risks and difficulties we may encounter. Our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to, among other things: 
 cost-effectively acquire new clients and engage with and retain existing clients; 
 manage our inventory effectively; 
 adequately and effectively staff our fulfillment centers; 
 anticipate and respond to macroeconomic changes; 
 increase our market share; 
 increase consumer awareness of our brand and maintain our reputation; 
 successfully expand our offering; 
 anticipate and respond to changing style trends and consumer preferences; 
 compete effectively; 
 avoid interruptions in our business from information technology downtime, cybersecurity breaches, or labor stoppages; 
 effectively manage our growth; 
 continue to enhance our personalization capabilities; 
 hire, integrate, and retain talented people at all levels of our organization; 
 
 19 

maintain and improve the quality of our technology infrastructure; 
 develop new features to enhance the client experience; and 
 retain our existing merchandise vendors and attract new vendors. 
 If we fail to address the risks and difficulties that we face, including those associated with the challenges listed above as well as those described elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, our business and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our business depends on a strong brand and we may not be able to maintain our brand and reputation. 
 We believe that maintaining the Stitch Fix brand and reputation is critical to driving client engagement and attracting clients and merchandise vendors. Building our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide our clients with an engaging and personalized client experience, including valued personal styling services, high-quality merchandise, and appropriate price points, which we may not do successfully. Client complaints or negative publicity about our styling services, merchandise, delivery times, or client support, especially on social media platforms, could harm our reputation and diminish client use of our services, the trust that our clients place in Stitch Fix, and vendor confidence in us. 
 Our brand depends in part on effective client support, which requires significant personnel expense. Failure to manage or train our client support representatives properly or inability to handle client complaints effectively could negatively affect our brand, reputation, and operating results. 
 If we fail to cost-effectively promote and maintain the Stitch Fix brand, our business, financial condition, and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to effectively manage our stylists, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 As of July 29, 2023, approximately 2,620 of our employees were stylists, most of whom work on a part-time basis for us and are paid hourly. The stylists track and report the time they spend working for us. These employees are classified as nonexempt under federal and state law. If we fail to effectively manage our stylists, including by ensuring accurate tracking and reporting of their hours worked and proper processing of their hourly wages, then we may face claims alleging violations of wage and hour employment laws, including, without limitation, claims of back wages, unpaid overtime pay, and missed meal and rest periods. Any such employee litigation could be attempted on a class or representative basis. For example, in August 2020, a representative action under California s Private Attorneys General Act was filed against us alleging various violations of California s wage and hour laws relating to our current and former non-exempt stylist employees. While we were able to settle this matter, future litigation concerning our styling employees could be expensive and time-consuming regardless of whether the claims against us are valid or whether we are ultimately determined to be liable, and could divert management s attention from our business. We could also be adversely affected by negative publicity, litigation costs resulting from the defense of these claims, and the diversion of time and resources from our operations. 
 If we are unable to acquire new merchandise vendors or retain existing merchandise vendors, our operating results may be harmed. 
 We offer merchandise from hundreds of established and emerging brands. In order to continue to attract and retain quality merchandise brands, we must help merchandise vendors increase their sales and offer them a high-quality, cost-effective fulfillment process. 
 If we do not continue to acquire new merchandise vendors or retain our existing merchandise vendors on acceptable commercial terms, we may not be able to maintain a broad selection of products for our clients, and our operating results may suffer. 
 In addition, our Owned Private Label Brands are sourced from third-party vendors and contract manufacturers. The loss of one of our Owned Private Label Brand vendors for any reason, or our inability to source any additional vendors needed for our Owned Private Label Brands, could require us to source Owned Private Label Brands merchandise from another vendor or manufacturer, which could cause inventory delays, impact our clients experiences, and otherwise harm our operating results. 
 We may incur significant losses from fraud. 
 We have in the past incurred and may in the future incur losses from various types of fraud, including stolen credit card numbers, claims that a client did not authorize a purchase, merchant fraud, and clients who have closed bank accounts or have insufficient funds in open bank accounts to satisfy payments. Our clients may re-use their login information (i.e., username and password combination) across multiple websites and, therefore, when a third-party website experiences a data breach, that information could be exposed to bad actors and be used to fraudulently access our clients accounts. In addition to the direct costs of such losses, if the fraud is related to credit card transactions and becomes excessive, it could result in us paying higher fees or losing the right to accept credit cards for payment. In addition, under current credit card practices, we are typically liable for fraudulent credit card transactions. Our failure to adequately prevent fraudulent transactions could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory action, and lead to expenses that could substantially impact our operating results. 
 
 20 

We are subject to payment-related risks. 
 We accept payments online via credit and debit cards and online payment systems such as PayPal, which subjects us to certain regulations and fraud. We may in the future offer new payment options to clients that would be subject to additional regulations and risks. We pay interchange and other fees in connection with credit card payments, which may increase over time and adversely affect our operating results. While we use a third party to process payments, we are subject to payment card association operating rules and certification requirements, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard and rules governing electronic funds transfers. If we fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations, we may be subject to fines or higher transaction fees and may lose our ability to accept online payments or other payment card transactions. If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 Risks Relating to our Industry, the Market, and the Economy 
 We rely on consumer discretionary spending and may be adversely affected by economic downturns and other macroeconomic conditions or trends. 
 Our business and operating results are subject to national and global economic conditions and their impact on consumer discretionary spending. Some of the factors that may negatively influence consumer spending include high levels of unemployment; higher consumer debt levels; reductions in net worth and declines in asset values; macroeconomic uncertainty; recessionary concerns; home foreclosures and reductions in home values; fluctuating interest rates, increased inflationary pressures and credit availability; rising fuel and other energy costs; rising commodity prices; and general uncertainty regarding the overall future political and economic environment. We have experienced many of these factors, including current inflationary pressures, and have experienced negative impacts on client demand and discretionary spending as a result. Consumer purchases of discretionary items, including the merchandise that we offer, generally decline during recessionary periods or periods of economic uncertainty, when disposable income is reduced or when there is a reduction in consumer confidence. Furthermore, economic conditions in certain regions may also be affected by natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tropical storms, earthquakes, and wildfires; public health crises; and other major unforeseen events. 
 Adverse economic changes could reduce consumer confidence, and could thereby negatively affect our operating results. In challenging and uncertain economic environments, we cannot predict whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen, or what impact such circumstances could have on our business. Additionally, the ongoing volatile and uncertain macroeconomic environment that we have been experiencing since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic has likely reduced, and may continue to reduce, our ability to forecast our future operating results. 
 Our industry is highly competitive and if we do not compete effectively our operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The retail apparel industry is highly competitive. We compete with eCommerce companies that market the same or similar merchandise and services that we offer; local, national, and global department stores; specialty retailers; discount chains; independent retail stores; and the online offerings of these traditional retail competitors. Additionally, we experience competition for consumer discretionary spending from other product and experiential categories. We believe our ability to compete depends on many factors within and beyond our control, including: 
 effectively differentiating our service and value proposition from those of our competitors; 
 attracting new clients and engaging with and retaining existing clients; 
 our direct relationships with our clients and their willingness to share personal information with us; 
 further developing our data science capabilities; 
 maintaining favorable brand recognition and effectively marketing our services to clients; 
 delivering merchandise that each client perceives as personalized to them; 
 the amount, diversity, and quality of brands and merchandise that we or our competitors offer; 
 our ability to expand and maintain appealing Owned Private Label Brands and exclusive-to-Stitch Fix merchandise; 
 the price at which we are able to offer our merchandise; 
 the speed and cost at which we can deliver merchandise to our clients and the ease with which they can use our services to return merchandise; and 
 anticipating and quickly responding to changing apparel trends and consumer shopping preferences. 
 
 21 

Many of our current competitors have, and potential competitors may have, longer operating histories; larger fulfillment infrastructures; greater technical capabilities; faster shipping times; lower-cost shipping; larger databases; more purchasing power; higher profiles; greater financial, marketing, institutional, and other resources; and larger customer bases than we do. Mergers and acquisitions by these companies may lead to even larger competitors with more resources. These factors may allow our competitors to derive greater revenue and profits from their existing customer bases; acquire customers at lower costs; or respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies, changes in apparel trends and consumer shopping behavior, and changes in supply conditions. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, enter or expand their presence in the personalized retail market, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns, and adopt more aggressive pricing policies, which may allow them to build larger customer bases or generate revenue from their existing customer bases more effectively than we do. If we fail to execute on any of the above better than our competitors, our operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our operating results have been, and could be in the future, adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events. 
 Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, snow or ice storms, and other adverse weather events and climate conditions, which we expect to become more frequent and more severe with the increasing effects of climate change; unforeseen public health crises, such as the COVID-19 pandemic or other pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist attacks, war, and other political instability, including the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia; or other catastrophic events, whether occurring in the United States or internationally, could disrupt our operations or cause us to close one or more of our offices and fulfillment centers or could disrupt, delay, or otherwise negatively impact the operations of one or more of our third-party providers or vendors. For instance, the severe winter weather and temperatures experienced in Texas and other parts of the country in February 2021 caused us to temporarily close two of our fulfillment centers and affected the shipping of merchandise in and out of fulfillment centers. Furthermore, these types of events could impact our merchandise supply chain, including our ability to ship merchandise to or receive returned merchandise from clients in the impacted region, and could impact our ability or the ability of third parties to operate our sites and ship merchandise. In addition, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions. 
 In fact, the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our operations in and caused us to temporarily close our offices and require that most of our employees work from home; disrupted our operations in and caused us to close fulfillment centers; required us to implement various operational changes to ensure the health and safety of our employees; had a range of negative effects on the operations of our third-party providers and vendors, including our merchandise supply chain and shipping partners; and negatively impacted consumer spending and the economy generally due to measures taken to contain the spread of COVID-19, such as government-mandated business closures, office closures, state and local orders to shelter in place, and travel and transportation restrictions, and otherwise. We experienced reduced capacity in the third quarter of fiscal year 2020 as we temporarily closed three of our fulfillment centers as we responded to the pandemic. We allowed employees to opt-in to work, provided them with four weeks of flexible paid time off, and implemented additional safety protocols. These efforts resulted in significantly less capacity in our fulfillment centers during the third quarter of fiscal year 2020, which resulted in delayed Fix shipments, a significant Fix backlog, delayed inventory and return processing, extended wait times for clients, and inventory management challenges. The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic disruption also led to significant volatility in the capital markets. We re-opened our headquarters to employees in the third quarter of 2022, but most employees to continue to work in a remote capacity or a hybrid of in-person and remote work. Remote working environments present additional risks, uncertainties and costs that could affect our performance, including increased operational risk, uncertainty regarding office space needs, heightened vulnerability to cyber attacks due to increased remote work, potential reduced productivity, changes to our Company culture, potential strains to our business continuity plans, and increased costs to ensure our offices are safe and functional as hybrid offices that enable effective collaboration of both remote and in-person colleagues. The COVID-19 pandemic caused many risks as described above and throughout these risk factors to materialize and adversely affected our business and operating results. Any future resurgences of COVID-19 or the occurrence of another natural disaster, pandemic, or crisis could disrupt our operations or negatively impact consumer spending, adversely affecting our business and results of operations. 
 Cybersecurity, Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 System interruptions that impair client access to our website or other performance failures or supply chain issues in our technology infrastructure could damage our business. 
 The satisfactory performance, reliability, and availability of our website, mobile application, internal applications, and technology infrastructure (and those of our third-party vendors and service providers) are critical to our business. We rely on our website and mobile application to engage with our clients and sell them merchandise. We also rely on a host of internal custom-built applications to run critical business functions, such as styling, merchandise purchasing, warehouse operations, and order fulfillment. In addition, we rely on a variety of third-party, cloud-based solution vendors for key elements of our technology infrastructure. These systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption and we have experienced interruptions in the past. For example, in February 2017, as a result of an outage with Amazon Web Services, where much of our technology infrastructure is hosted, we experienced disruptions in applications that support our warehouse operations and order fulfillment that caused a temporary slowdown in the number of Fix shipments we were able to make. Additionally, the launch of a new category or new product offering requires investments in and the development of new technology, which may be more susceptible to performance issues or interruptions. Interruptions may also be 
 
 22 

caused by a variety of incidents, including human error, our failure to update or improve our proprietary systems, cyber attacks, fire, flood, earthquake, power loss, or telecommunications failures. These risks are exacerbated by our move to a more remote workforce. Any failure or interruption of our website, mobile application, internal business applications, or our technology infrastructure (including any such issues with our third-party vendors and service providers) could harm our ability to serve our clients, which would adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Compromises of our data security or that of our third-party service providers could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and may materially harm our reputation and operating results. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and our vendors and service providers collect, process, and store certain personal information and other data relating to individuals, such as our clients and employees, which may include client payment card information. We rely substantially on commercially available systems, software, tools, and monitoring to provide security for our processing, transmission, and storage of personal information and other confidential information. There can be no assurance, however, that we or our vendors will not suffer a data compromise, that hackers or other unauthorized parties will not gain access to personal information or other sensitive data, including payment card data or confidential business information, or that any such data compromise or unauthorized access will be discovered in a timely fashion. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, and we and our vendors may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. As we have moved to a more remote and hybrid work force, and as our vendors and other business partners have also moved to permanent or hybrid remote work as well, we and our partners may be more vulnerable to cyber attacks. In addition, our employees, contractors, vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent security measures in order to misappropriate such personal information, confidential information, or other data, or may inadvertently release or compromise such data. 
 Compromise of our data security or the data security of third parties with whom we do business, failure to prevent or mitigate the loss of personal or business information, and delays in detecting or providing prompt notice of any such compromise or loss could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and subject us to litigation, government action, or other additional costs and liabilities that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Some of our software and systems contain open source software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary applications. 
 We use open source software in the applications we have developed to operate our business and will use open source software in the future. We may face claims from third parties demanding the release or license of the open source software or derivative works that we developed from such software (which could include our proprietary source code) or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to purchase a costly license, publicly release the affected portions of our source code, or cease offering the implicated solutions unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. In addition, our use of open source software may present additional security risks because the source code for open source software is publicly available, which may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to determine how to breach our website and systems that rely on open source software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage and, if not addressed, could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Adverse litigation judgments or settlements resulting from legal proceedings in which we are or may be involved could expose us to monetary damages or limit our ability to operate our business. 
 Currently, we are involved in various legal proceedings, including the securities litigation and other matters described elsewhere herein. We have in the past and may in the future become involved in other private actions, collective actions, investigations, and various other legal proceedings by clients, employees, suppliers, competitors, government agencies, stockholders, or others. The results of any such litigation, investigations, and other legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable and expensive. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, damage our reputation, require significant amounts of management time, and divert significant resources. If any of these legal proceedings were to be determined adversely to us, or we were to enter into a settlement arrangement, we could be exposed to monetary damages or limits on our ability to operate our business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Any failure by us or our vendors to comply with product safety, labor, or other laws, or our standard vendor terms and conditions, or to provide safe factory conditions for our or their workers, may damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business. 
 The merchandise we sell to our clients is subject to regulation by the Federal Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, and similar state and international regulatory authorities. As a result, such merchandise could in the future be subject to recalls and other remedial actions. Product safety, labeling, and licensing concerns may result in us voluntarily removing selected merchandise from our inventory. Such recalls or voluntary removal of merchandise can result in, among other things, lost sales, diverted resources, potential harm to our reputation, and increased client service costs and legal expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. 
 Some of the merchandise we sell, including our children s merchandise, may expose us to product liability claims and litigation or regulatory action relating to personal injury or environmental or property damage. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us 
 
 23 

on economically reasonable terms or at all. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors may not indemnify us from product liability for a particular vendor s merchandise or our vendors may not have sufficient resources or insurance to satisfy their indemnity and defense obligations. 
 We purchase our merchandise from numerous domestic and international vendors. Our standard vendor terms and conditions require vendors to comply with applicable laws. We have hired independent firms that conduct audits of the working conditions at the factories producing our Owned Private Label Brands products. If an audit reveals potential problems, we require that the vendor institute corrective action plans to bring the factory into compliance with our standards, or we may discontinue our relationship with the vendor. The loss of an Owned Private Label Brands vendor due to failure to comply with our standards could cause inventory delays, impact our clients experiences, and otherwise harm our operating results. In addition, failure of our vendors to comply with applicable laws and regulations and contractual requirements could lead to litigation against us, resulting in increased legal expenses and costs. Furthermore, the failure of any such vendors to provide safe and humane factory conditions and oversight at their facilities could damage our reputation with clients or result in legal claims against us. 
 China s Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (the XUAR is the source of large amounts of cotton and textiles for the global apparel supply chain. The United States Treasury Department placed sanctions on China s Xinjiang Production and Construction Corporation XPCC for serious human rights abuses against ethnic minorities in XUAR. Additionally, the U.S. s Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act UFLPA ), empowers the U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency (the U.S. CBP to withhold release of items produced in whole or in part in the XUAR, or produced by companies included on a government-created UFLPA entity list, creating a presumption that such goods were produced using forced labor. XPCC controls many of the cotton farms and much of the textile industry in the region, and many large factories in XUAR produce fabrics and yarn for apparel. Although we do not intentionally source any products or materials from the XUAR (either directly or indirectly through our suppliers), we have no known involvement with XPCC or its subsidiaries and affiliates, and we prohibit our apparel vendors from doing business with XPCC or using forced labor, we do not have the ability to completely map our product supply chain, and we could be subject to penalties, fines or sanctions if any of the vendors from which we purchase goods is found to have dealings, directly or indirectly, with XPCC or entities it controls. Additionally, our products or materials (including potentially non-cotton materials) could be held or delayed by the U.S. CBP, which would cause delays and unexpectedly affect our inventory levels. Even if we were not subject to penalties, fines or sanctions, if products we source are linked in any way to XPCC, the XUAR, or an entity on the UFLPA entity list, our reputation could be damaged. 
 Our use of personal information, other personal data, and sensitive information subjects us to privacy laws and other obligations (such as cybersecurity and data protection in contracts), and our compliance with or failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. 
 We collect and maintain significant amounts of personal information and other data relating to our clients and employees. Numerous laws, rules, and regulations in the United States and internationally, including the European Union s EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), California s Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA and the UK s Data Protection Act (the UK GDPR ), govern privacy and the collection, use, and protection of personal information. These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or may be interpreted to conflict with our practices. Any failure or perceived failure by us or any third parties with which we do business to comply with these laws, rules, and regulations, or with other obligations to which we may be or become subject, may result in actions against us by governmental entities, private claims and litigation, fines, penalties, or other liabilities. Any such action would be expensive to defend, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business and operating results. For example, the GDPR imposes more stringent data protection requirements and provides greater penalties for noncompliance than previous data protection laws. Further, the UK withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020, subject to a transition period that ended on December 31, 2020 Brexit ). The UK GDPR, which regulates data protection in the UK since Brexit, has remained consistent with the EU GDPR in effect since 2018, but it may evolve and it is uncertain whether our operations in, and data transfers to and from, the UK can comply with any future changes in the law. 
 Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the UK s standard contractual clauses, the UK s International Data Transfer Agreement/Addendum, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (which allows for transfers for relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance and participate in the Framework), these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the UK (or other applicable jurisdictions) to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions (such as Europe) at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activist groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 
 24 

Furthermore, the CCPA, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 CPRA (collectively, CCPA ), applies to personal information of consumers, business representatives, and employees who are California residents, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of such individuals to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for administrative fines of up to 7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the CPRA expanded the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal information and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. A number of other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive privacy laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. These developments further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission and many state attorneys general are interpreting federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. Further, the SEC has adopted new rules that require us to provide greater disclosures around proactive security protections that we employ and reactive issues (e.g., security incidents). Any such disclosures, including those under state data breach notification laws, can be costly, and the disclosures we make to comply with, or the failure to comply with, such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. 
 The costs of compliance with and other burdens imposed by privacy and data security laws and regulations may reduce the efficiency of our marketing, lead to negative publicity, make it more difficult or more costly to meet expectations of or commitments to clients, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for noncompliance, any of which could harm our business. These laws could also impact our ability to offer our products in certain locations. The costs, burdens, and potential liabilities imposed by existing privacy laws could be compounded if other jurisdictions in the U.S. begin to adopt similar or more restrictive laws. 
 Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory requirements could inhibit clients use of our service or harm our brand and reputation. Furthermore, our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in such contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. Also, although we maintain insurance, the costs related to significant security breaches or disruptions could be material and could cause us to incur significant expenses beyond any of our insurance coverage. 
 Any of these matters could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results. 
 Unfavorable changes or failure by us to comply with evolving internet and eCommerce regulations could substantially harm our business and operating results. 
 We are subject to general business regulations and laws as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the internet and eCommerce. These regulations and laws may involve taxes, privacy and data security, consumer protection, the ability to collect or share necessary information that allows us to conduct business on the internet, marketing communications and advertising, content protection, electronic contracts, or gift cards. Furthermore, the regulatory landscape impacting internet and eCommerce businesses is constantly evolving. For example, California s Automatic Renewal Law requires companies to adhere to enhanced disclosure requirements when entering into automatically renewing contracts with consumers. As a result, a wave of consumer class action lawsuits was brought against companies that offer online products and services on a subscription or recurring basis. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in damage to our reputation, lost business, and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which could impact our operating results. 
 If the use of cookie tracking technologies is further restricted, regulated, or blocked, or if changes in technology cause cookies to become less reliable or acceptable as a means of tracking consumer behavior, the amount or accuracy of internet user information we collect would decrease, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 Cookies are small data files that are sent by websites and stored locally on an internet user's computer or mobile device. We, and third parties who work on our behalf, collect data via cookies that is used to track the behavior of visitors to our sites, to provide a more personal and interactive experience, and to increase the effectiveness of our marketing. However, internet users can easily disable, delete, and block cookies directly through browser settings or through other software, browser extensions, or hardware platforms that physically block cookies from being created and stored. 
 Privacy regulations restrict how we deploy our cookies and this could potentially (a) increase the number of internet users that choose to proactively disable cookies on their systems or (b) cause or business partners, service providers, or vendors to no longer maintain their cookie processes. We may have to develop alternative systems to determine our clients behavior, customize their online experience, or efficiently market to them if clients block cookies or regulations introduce additional barriers to collecting cookie data. 
 If we cannot successfully protect our intellectual property, our business would suffer. 
 We rely on trademark, copyright, trade secrets, patents, confidentiality agreements, and other practices to protect our brands, proprietary information, technologies, and processes. Our principal trademark assets include the registered trademarks Stitch Fix and Fix, multiple private label clothing and accessory brand names, and our logos and taglines. Our trademarks are valuable assets that support our brand and consumers perception of our services and merchandise. We also hold the rights to the stitchfix.com internet domain name and various other related domain names, which are subject to internet regulatory bodies and trademark and other related 
 
 25 

laws of each applicable jurisdiction. If we are unable to protect our trademarks or domain names in the United States, the UK, or in other jurisdictions in which we may ultimately operate, our brand recognition and reputation would suffer, we would incur significant expense establishing new brands and our operating results would be adversely impacted. 
 The patents we own in the United States and those that may be issued in the United States, in the UK, in Europe, and in the People s Republic of China in the future may not provide us with any competitive advantages or may be challenged by third parties, and our patent applications may never be granted. Even if issued, there can be no assurance that these patents will adequately protect our intellectual property or survive a legal challenge, as the legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability, and scope of protection of patent and other intellectual property rights are uncertain. Our limited patent protection may restrict our ability to protect our technologies and processes from competition. We primarily rely on trade secret laws to protect our technologies and processes, including the algorithms we use throughout our business. Others may independently develop the same or similar technologies and processes, or may improperly acquire and use information about our technologies and processes, which may allow them to provide a service similar to ours, which could harm our competitive position. 
 We may be accused of infringing intellectual property rights of third parties. 
 We are also at risk of claims by others that we have infringed their copyrights, trademarks, or patents, or improperly used or disclosed their trade secrets. The costs of supporting any litigation or disputes related to these claims can be considerable, and we cannot assure that we will achieve a favorable outcome of any such claim. If any such claims are valid, we may be compelled to cease our use of such intellectual property and pay damages, which could adversely affect our business. Even if such claims are not valid, defending them could be expensive and distracting, adversely affecting our operating results. 
 Risks Relating to Taxes 
 Changes in U.S. tax or tariff policy regarding apparel produced in other countries could adversely affect our business. 
 A predominant portion of the apparel we sell is originally manufactured in countries other than the United States. International trade disputes that result in tariffs and other protectionist measures could adversely affect our business, including disruption and cost increases in our established patterns for sourcing our merchandise and increased uncertainties in planning our sourcing strategies and forecasting our margins. For example, in recent years, the U.S. government imposed significant new tariffs on China related to the importation of certain product categories, including apparel, footwear, and other goods. A substantial portion of our products are manufactured in China. As a result of these tariffs, our cost of goods imported from China increased slightly. Although we continue to work with our vendors to mitigate our exposure to current or potential tariffs, there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset any increased costs. Other changes in U.S. tariffs, quotas, trade relationships, or tax provisions could also reduce the supply of goods available to us or increase our cost of goods. Although such changes would have implications across the entire industry, we may fail to effectively adapt to and manage the adjustments in strategy that would be necessary in response to those changes. In addition to the general uncertainty and overall risk from potential changes in U.S. laws and policies, as we make business decisions in the face of such uncertainty, we may incorrectly anticipate the outcomes, miss out on business opportunities, or fail to effectively adapt our business strategies and manage the adjustments that are necessary in response to those changes. These risks could adversely affect our revenues, reduce our profitability, and negatively impact our business. 
 We could be required to collect additional sales taxes or be subject to other tax liabilities that may increase the costs our clients would have to pay for our offering and adversely affect our operating results. 
 In general, we have not historically collected state or local sales, use, or other similar taxes in any jurisdictions in which we do not have a tax nexus, in reliance on court decisions and/or applicable exemptions that restrict or preclude the imposition of obligations to collect such taxes with respect to the online sales of our products. In addition, we have not historically collected state or local sales, use, or other similar taxes in certain jurisdictions in which we do have a physical presence, in reliance on applicable exemptions. On June 21, 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court decided, in South Dakota v. Wayfair, Inc. , that state and local jurisdictions may, at least in certain circumstances, enforce a sales and use tax collection obligation on remote vendors that have no physical presence in such jurisdiction. All states have now enacted legislation to require sales and use tax collection by remote vendors and by online marketplaces. The details and effective dates of these collection requirements vary from state to state. While we now collect, remit, and report sales tax in all states that impose a sales tax, it is still possible that one or more jurisdictions may assert that we have liability from previous periods for which we did not collect sales, use, or other similar taxes, and if such an assertion or assertions were successful it could result in substantial tax liabilities, including for past sales taxes and penalties and interest, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results . 
 
 26 

Federal income tax reform could have unforeseen effects on our financial condition and results of operations . 
 New income or other tax laws or regulations could be enacted at any time, which could adversely affect our business operations and financial performance. Further, existing tax laws and regulations could be interpreted, modified, or applied adversely to us. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act and CARES Act enacted many significant changes to the U.S. tax laws. Future guidance from the IRS and other tax authorities with respect to the Tax Act and CARES Act may affect us, and certain aspects of the Tax Act and CARES Act could be repealed or modified in future legislation. Further regulatory or legislative developments may also arise. We are currently unable to predict whether such changes will occur and, if so, the ultimate impact on our business. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, our suppliers or our customers, including as a result of related uncertainty, these changes may materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We may be subject to additional tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We are subject to income- and non-income-based taxes in the United States under federal, state, and local jurisdictions and in the UK. The governing tax laws and applicable tax rates vary by jurisdiction and are subject to interpretation . Various tax authorities may disagree with tax positions we take and if any such tax authorities were to successfully challenge one or more of our tax positions, the results could have a material effect on our operating results. Further, the ultimate amount of tax payable in a given financial statement period may be materially impacted by sudden or unforeseen changes in tax laws, changes in the mix and level of earnings by taxing jurisdictions, or changes to existing accounting rules or regulations. The determination of our overall provision for income and other taxes is inherently uncertain as it requires significant judgment around complex transactions and calculations. As a result, fluctuations in our ultimate tax obligations may differ materially from amounts recorded in our financial statements and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results in the periods for which such determination is made. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of 152.7 million and 274.7 million , respectively. The federal net operating loss carryforwards may be carried forward indefinitely; state net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2025. The ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards depends on the availability of future taxable income. In addition, as of July 29, 2023, we had federal and California research and development tax credit carryforwards of 49.5 million and 23.9 million, respectively. The federal research and development credits will begin to expire in 2036, if not utilized; California research and development credits do not have an expiration date. A portion of our tax attributes are subject to Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions, which sets limitations arising from ownership changes. Any potential limitations on our ability to offset future income with our tax attributes could result in increased future tax liability to us. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may continue to be volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations. You may lose all or part of your investment. 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated decreases in our client base, the level of client engagement, client acquisition and retention, and revenue and other operating results; 
 variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors, and the financial community; 
 any forward-looking financial or operating information we may provide to the public or securities analysts, any changes in this information, or our failure to meet expectations based on this information; 
 actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our Company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 
 repurchases of our Class A common stock pursuant to our share repurchase program, which could also cause our stock price to be higher that it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock; 
 whether investors or securities analysts view our stock structure unfavorably, particularly our dual-class structure and the significant voting control of our directors, executive officers, and their affiliates; 
 additional shares of our Class A common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders, or the anticipation of such sales; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 
 
 27 

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of companies in our industry, including our vendors and competitors; 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in the economy as a whole; 
 targeted efforts of social media or other groups to transact in and affect the price of Stitch Fix stock, such as the activity in early 2021 targeting GameStop Corp and others; 
 lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 
 developments in new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies; and 
 other events or factors, including those resulting from war or incidents of terrorism, public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or responses to these events. 
 In addition, extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many eCommerce and other technology companies stock prices. Often, their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies operating performance. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. For example, beginning in October 2018, we and certain of our directors and officers were sued in putative class action and derivative lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements. And on August 26, 2022, a class action lawsuit alleging violations of federal securities laws was filed by certain of our stockholders naming as defendants us, certain of our officers and directors for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements regarding our Freestyle offering. We may be the target of additional litigation of this type in the future as well. Such securities litigation could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business, and seriously harm our business. 
 Moreover, because of these fluctuations, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts that we may provide. 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase the volatility of the trading price of our stock and could diminish our cash reserves. 
 In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 150.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock, with no expiration date. During fiscal 2023, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock and we had 120.0 million remaining in share repurchase capacity as of July 29, 2023. Although our Board of Directors has authorized this repurchase program, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. The actual timing and amount of repurchases remain subject to a variety of factors, including stock price, trading volume, market conditions and other general business considerations. In addition, the terms of our amended and restated credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (successor by purchase to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. (as successor of Silicon Valley Bank)), and other lenders impose limitations on our ability to repurchase shares. The share repurchase program may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time, and we cannot guarantee that the program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. The program could affect the trading price of our stock and increase volatility, and any announcement of a termination of this program may result in a decrease in the trading price of our stock. In addition, this program could diminish our cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities. 
 Future sales of shares by existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 If our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intention to sell, substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, then the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. In addition, shares underlying any outstanding options and restricted stock units will become eligible for sale if exercised or settled, as applicable, and to the extent permitted by the provisions of various vesting agreements and Rule 144 of the Securities Act. All the shares of Class A and Class B common stock subject to stock options and restricted stock units outstanding and reserved for issuance under our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, our 2017 Incentive Plan, and our 2019 Inducement Plan (collectively, our Incentive Plans have been registered on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and such shares are eligible for sale in the public markets, subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold in the public market, the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 The dual class structure of our common stock concentrates voting control with our directors, executive officers, and their affiliates, and may depress the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 
 28 

Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As a result, the holders of our Class B common stock, including certain of our directors, executive officers, and their affiliates, are able to exercise considerable influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, even if their stock holdings represent less than 50 of the outstanding shares of our capital stock. As of September 15, 2023, 28,465,818 of our 117,327,220 shares outstanding were held by our directors, executive officers, and their affiliates, and 25,033,910 of such shares held by our directors, executive officers, and their affiliates were shares of Class B common stock. This concentration of ownership will limit the ability of other stockholders to influence corporate matters and may cause us to make strategic decisions that could involve risks to you or that may not be aligned with your interests. This control may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 In addition, in July 2017, FTSE Russell and Standard Poor s announced that they would cease to allow most newly public companies utilizing dual or multi-class capital structures to be included in their indices. Affected indices include the S P 500, S P MidCap 400, and S P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S P Composite 1500. Under the announced policies, our dual class capital structure currently makes us ineligible for inclusion in Standard Poor s indices and, as a result, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, and other investment vehicles that attempt to passively track the S P indices will not be investing in our stock. It is unclear what effect, if any, these policies have had or may have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from the indices, but it is possible that they may depress these valuations compared to those of other similar companies that are included. 
 We do not currently intend to pay dividends on our Class A common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation of the value of our Class A common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business, and we do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, any investment return our Class A common stock will depend upon increases in the value for our Class A common stock, which is not certain. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make a merger, tender offer, or proxy contest difficult, thereby depressing the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the trading price of our Class A common stock by acting to discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of our Company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our Company may deem advantageous. These provisions include the following: 
 establish a classified Board of Directors so that not all members of our board of directors are elected at one time; 
 permit the Board of Directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly created directorships; 
 provide that directors may only be removed for cause; 
 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our Board of Directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 
 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 provide that the Board of Directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our bylaws; 
 restrict the forum for certain litigation against us to Delaware; 
 reflect the dual class structure of our common stock; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 
 Any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 
 29 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: 
 any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
 any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; 
 any action asserting a claim against us arising under the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws; and 
 any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal-affairs doctrine. 
 This provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation further provides that the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 These exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Future securities sales and issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders and impair the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We may issue additional equity securities in the future. We also issue awards for Class A common stock to our existing and new employees and others under our Incentive Plans. The number of shares subject to such awards is typically based on target dollar values, and therefore the number of shares increases as our stock price decreases. Future issuances of shares of our Class A common stock or the conversion of a substantial number of shares of our Class B common stock, or the perception that these sales or conversions may occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock and result in dilution to existing holders of our Class A common stock. Also, to the extent outstanding options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock are exercised or options or other stock-based awards are issued or become vested, there will be further dilution. The amount of dilution could be substantial depending upon the size of the issuances or exercises and our stock price. Furthermore, we may issue additional equity securities that could have rights senior to those of our Class A common stock. As a result, holders of our Class A common stock bear the risk that future issuances of debt or equity securities may reduce the value of our Class A common stock and further dilute their ownership interest. 
 If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy of our reported financial information and this may lead to a decline in our stock price. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Specifically, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires management to assess the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. We have experienced material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our internal controls previously. Management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 29, 2023. However, our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. If we or our accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, it could harm our operating results, adversely affect our reputation, or result in inaccurate financial reporting. Furthermore, should any such deficiencies arise we could be subject to lawsuits, sanctions or investigations by regulatory authorities, including SEC enforcement actions and we could be required to restate our financial results, any of which would require additional financial and management resources. 
 Even if we do not detect deficiencies, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and fraud, and individuals, including employees and contractors, could circumvent such controls. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. 
 
 30 

In addition, we may encounter difficulties in the timely and accurate reporting of our financial results, which would impact our ability to provide our investors with information in a timely manner. Should we encounter such difficulties, our investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our reported financial information and trading price of our Class A common stock. could be negatively impacted. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient capital to support and grow our business, and outside capital might not be available or may be available only by diluting existing stockholders. 
 We require sufficient cash and liquidity to run our business, finance our operations, and pay for capital expenditures. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to fund our working capital and capital expenditures needs. We also may require additional funds to support growth or respond to business challenges. We are party to an amended and restated credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (successor by purchase to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. (as successor of Silicon Valley Bank)) and other lenders, but a deterioration in our capital structure or the quality of our earnings could result in noncompliance with our debt covenants, which would limit our ability to utilize our credit facility. The revolving line of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement will terminate on May 31, 2024, unless the termination date is extended at the election of the lenders. Our intention is to renew or replace this line of credit before the termination date, but we may not be able to do so with terms reasonable to the Company or at all. 
 We also may want or need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure additional funds. The capital market environment, including market disruptions, limited liquidity, or interest rate fluctuations, may increase the cost of financing or restrict access to a potential source of liquidity. Additionally, if we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Class A common stock. 
 Our amended and restated credit agreement also contains covenants limiting our ability to, among other things, dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, incur debt, incur liens, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions, and contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain minimum free cash flow and an adjusted current ratio above specified levels, measured in each case at the end of each fiscal quarter. The restrictive covenants of this or any future debt financing secured may make it more difficult for us to obtain capital and to pursue business opportunities. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. In addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to generate sufficient capital or obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business and prospects could fail or be adversely affected. 
 If securities or industry analysts either do not publish research about us or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business, or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock adversely, the trading price or trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock is influenced in part by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts initiate research with an unfavorable rating or downgrade our Class A common stock, provide a more favorable recommendation about our competitors, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our Class A common stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the trading price or trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 Our principal physical properties are located in the United States and the UK. Our corporate headquarters are located in San Francisco, California, and comprise approximately 134,000 square feet of space. Given our more distributed workforce, and our recent reduction in headcount, we are actively marketing a portion of this space for sublease. 
 We also currently lease and operate five fulfillment centers in the United States. We currently utilize a total of approximately 3,235,000 square feet, at which we receive merchandise from vendors, ship products to clients, and receive and process returns from clients. These facilities are located in Arizona, Indiana, Georgia, Pennsylvania, and Texas. In addition, we have one fulfillment center that is leased and operated by a third-party logistics contractor in the UK. 
 In June 2023, we announced the intended closures of our fulfillment centers in Pennsylvania and Texas. Additionally, in June 2023, we also announced that we would enter a consultation period, in accordance with UK law, to explore exiting the market in the UK. On August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period, and made the decision to exit our business and wind down our operations in the 
 
 31 

UK. Refer to Note 13, Restructuring within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for more details. 
 We believe our facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The information contained in Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies under the heading Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included within this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 None. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock, par value 0.00002 per share, is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, under the symbol SFIX and began trading on November 17, 2017. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our Class A common stock. There is no public trading market for our Class B common stock, par value 0.00002 per share. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of the close of business on September 15, 2023, there were 39 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and 14 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of holders of our Class A and Class B common stock is greater than the number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers or other nominees. The number of holders of record presented here also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination regarding the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Cumulative Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return to stockholders on our Class A common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Standard and Poor s Retail Select Industry Index (S P Retail Select Industry) and Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Composite). An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our Class A common stock and in each index on July 28, 2018, and its relative performance is tracked through July 29, 2023. The comparisons are based on historical data and are not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, the future performance of our Class A common stock. 
 
 32 

The information under Cumulative Stock Performance Graph is not deemed to be soliciting material or filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and is not to be incorporated by reference in any filing of Stitch Fix under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report and irrespective of any general incorporation language in those filings. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 150.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock, with no expiration date (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). We may repurchase shares from time to time through open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased in the future will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including price, trading volume, market conditions, and other general business conditions. During fiscal 2023, we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock and we had 120.0 million remaining in share repurchase capacity as of July 29, 2023. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 No disclosure required by Item 301 of Regulation S-K as in effect on the date of this Annual Report. 
 
 33 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report ). We use a 52- or 53-week fiscal year, with our fiscal year ending on the Saturday that is closest to July 31 of that year. Each fiscal year generally consists of four 13-week fiscal quarters, with each fiscal quarter ending on the Saturday that is closest to the last day of the last month of the quarter. The fiscal years ended July 29, 2023 fiscal 2023 ), July 30, 2022 fiscal 2022 ), and July 31, 2021 fiscal 2021 consisted of 52 weeks. The fiscal year ending August 3, 2024 fiscal 2024 will be 53 weeks. Throughout this Annual Report, all references to quarters and years are to our fiscal quarters and fiscal years unless otherwise noted. 
 In addition, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs, and involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report. 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operation for fiscal 2023 , compared to fiscal 2022 , is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2022 , compared to fiscal 2021 , can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report for fiscal 2022 , filed with the SEC on September 21, 2022, which is available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on the SEC Filings section of the Investor Relations section of our website at: https://investors.stitchfix.com. 
 
 Overview 
 Since our founding in 2011, we have helped millions of women, men, and kids discover and buy what they love through personalized shipments of apparel, shoes, and accessories. Currently, clients can engage with us in one of two ways that, combined, form an ecosystem of personalized experiences across styling, shopping, and inspiration: (1) by receiving a personalized shipment of items informed by our algorithms and sent by a Stitch Fix stylist (a Fix or (2) by purchasing directly from our website or mobile app based on a personalized assortment of outfit and item recommendations Freestyle ). For a Fix, clients can choose to schedule automatic shipments or order on demand after they fill out a style profile on our website or mobile app. After receiving a Fix, our clients purchase the items they want to keep and return the other items, if any. Freestyle utilizes our algorithms to recommend a personalized assortment of outfits and items that will update throughout the day and will continue to evolve as we learn more about the client. 
 For fiscal 2023 , we reported 1.6 billion of revenue representing a year-over-year decline of 21.0 as compared to fiscal 2022 . As of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022, we had approximately 3,297,000 and 3,795,000 active clients, respectively, representing a year-over-year decline of 13.1 . Refer to the section titled Key Financial and Operating Metrics below for information on how we define and calculate active clients. 
 During fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , we experienced a decline in net revenue year-over-year primarily due to our challenges in acquiring and retaining clients. We expect these challenges in acquiring and retaining active clients to continue having a negative compounding effect on net revenue in fiscal 2024. In addition, we are navigating the uncertainties presented by the current macroeconomic environment and remain focused on retaining current clients, improving the conversion of new clients, and enhancing our overall client experience for new and existing clients. 
 Net loss for fiscal 2023 was 172.0 million, compared to net loss of 207.1 million for fiscal 2022 . Despite lower revenues year-over-year, our net loss in fiscal 2023 was lower due to several restructuring actions as described below, which reduced fixed and variable operating expenses, in addition to a reduction in advertising expense. 
 For more information on the components of net loss, refer to the section titled Results of Operations below. 
 
 34 

Restructuring 
 During fiscal 2023, in furtherance of and as an expansion of the restructuring plan announced in June 2022 (the 2022 Restructuring Plan ), we undertook several restructuring actions. These actions were taken to reduce our future fixed and variable operating costs and allow us to centralize key capabilities, strengthen decision-making to drive efficiencies, and ensure we are allocating resources to our most critical priorities. I n connection with activities taken for the 2022 Restructuring Plan, described further below, w e have recorded the following: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Cash restructuring charges: Severance and employee-related benefits (1) 
 18,299 10,869 Other (4) 
 3,526 Non-cash restructuring charges: 
 Asset impairments (1, 2) 
 18,190 6,154 Accelerated depreciation (1) 
 2,805 Inventory impairment (3) 
 553 719 Other (1) 
 1,364 Total restructuring 44,737 17,742 
 (1) Recognized in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (2) Fiscal 2023 includes impairments of both operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment. 
 (3) Recognized in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (4) Primarily comprised of losses expected to arise from firm purchase commitments for future receipts of inventory. 
 
 Below is a summary of the restructuring actions taken in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 in connection with the 2022 Restructuring Plan: 
 In fiscal 2022, the 2022 Restructuring Plan reduced our then-current employee workforce by approximately 4 , including approximately 15 of our then-salaried positions. 
 In furtherance of and as an expansion of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, in January 2023, we implemented a plan of termination (the January 2023 Reduction in Force ). The January 2023 Reduction in Force reduced our then-current employee workforce by approximately 6 , including approximately 20 of our then-salaried positions. In connection with the 2023 Reduction in Force, our then-Chief Executive Officer agreed that she would step down from her employment with the Company and from the Board of Directors, effective January 5, 2023. 
 In furtherance of and as an expansion of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, in June 2023, we announced the intended closure of our fulfillment centers in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and Dallas, Texas. 
 Additionally, in June 2023, we also announced that we would enter a consultation period, in accordance with UK law, to explore exiting the market in the UK. On August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period, and made the decision to exit our business and wind down our operations in the UK. 
 Related to the 2022 Restructuring Plan, we estimate we will incur between 9 million and 12 million in additional cash restructuring charges in fiscal 2024. We expect these expenses will be incurred over the first three fiscal quarters of fiscal 2024, with substantially all of these cash payments to be completed by the end of the third fiscal quarter ending April 27, 2024. Refer to Note 13, Restructuring within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further details of restructuring actions taken in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022. 
 We are continuing to evaluate other fixed and variable operating costs, including further rationalizing our real estate footprint and continuing to optimize and be disciplined in our marketing strategy to better position ourselves for profitability. However, our future results of operations will depend on our ability to successfully navigate current business challenges and the overall macroeconomic environment. 
 
 35 

Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We report our financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). However, management believes that certain non-GAAP financial measures provide users of our financial information with additional useful information in evaluating our performance. We believe that adjusted EBITDA is frequently used by investors and securities analysts in their evaluations of companies, and that this supplemental measure facilitates comparisons between companies. We believe free cash flow is an important metric because it represents a measure of how much cash from operations we have available for discretionary and non-discretionary items after the deduction of capital expenditures. These non-GAAP financial measures may be different than similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. There are several limitations related to the use of our non-GAAP financial measures as compared to the closest comparable GAAP measures. Some of these limitations include: 
 adjusted EBITDA excludes interest income and other (income) expense, net, as these items are not components of our core business; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect our provision (benefit) for income taxes, which may increase or decrease cash available to us; 
 adjusted EBITDA excludes the recurring, non-cash expenses of depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and, although these are non-cash expenses, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future; 
 adjusted EBITDA excludes the non-cash expense of stock-based compensation, which has been, and will continue to be for the foreseeable future, an important part of how we attract and retain our employees and a significant recurring expense in our business; 
 adjusted EBITDA excludes costs incurred related to discrete restructuring plans and other one-time costs that are fundamentally different in strategic nature and frequency from ongoing initiatives. We believe exclusion of these items facilitates a more consistent comparison of operating performance over time, however these costs do include cash outflows; and 
 free cash flow does not represent the total residual cash flow available for discretionary purposes and does not reflect our future contractual commitments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net loss excluding interest income, other income (expense), net, provision (benefit) for income taxes, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation expense, and restructuring and other one-time costs. The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to adjusted EBITDA for each of the periods presented: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Net loss (171,973) (207,121) (8,876) Add (deduct): Interest income (6,220) (930) (2,610) Other (income) expense, net 
 (1,094) 2,355 366 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 1,490 (2,349) (52,241) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 39,541 35,011 27,610 Stock-based compensation expense (2) 
 104,492 127,373 100,696 Restructuring and other one-time costs (3) 
 50,578 26,206 Adjusted EBITDA 16,814 (19,455) 64,945 
 (1) For fiscal 2023, depreciation and amortization excluded 2.8 million reflected in Restructuring and other one-time costs. 
 (2) For fiscal 2022, stock-based compensation expense excluded 1.1 million reflected in Restructuring and other one-time costs. (3) For fiscal 2023, restructuring charges were 44.7 million and other one-time costs were 5.8 million in retention bonuses for continuing employees. For fiscal 2022, restructuring charges were 17.7 million and other one-time costs were 8.5 million in retention bonuses for continuing employees. Refer to Note 13, Restructuring within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for more details. 
 
 36 

Free Cash Flow 
 We define free cash flow as cash flows from operating activities reduced by purchases of property and equipment that are included in cash flows from investing activities. The following table presents a reconciliation of net cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, the most comparable GAAP financial measure, to free cash flow for each of the periods presented: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 57,830 55,395 (15,675) Deduct: Purchases of property and equipment (19,012) (46,351) (35,256) Free cash flow 38,818 9,044 (50,931) Net cash provided by investing activities 64,326 10,233 39,093 Net cash used in financing activities (15,539) (60,250) (38,885) 
 
 Operating Metrics 
 July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Active clients (in thousands) 3,297 3,795 4,165 
 Active Clients 
 We believe that the number of active clients is a key indicator of our growth and the overall health of our business. We define an active client as a client who checked out a Fix or was shipped an item via Freestyle in the preceding 52 weeks, measured as of the last day of that period. A client checks out a Fix when she indicates what items she is keeping through our mobile application or on our website. We consider each Women s, Men s, or Kids account as a client, even if they share the same household. We had 3,297,000 and 3,795,000 active clients as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, representing a year-over-year decline of 13.1 . The decline in active clients is due to the addition of fewer new clients, as well as clients becoming inactive, both of which we believe have been influenced by the macroeconomic environment. 
 Net Revenue per Active Client 
 We believe that net revenue per active client is an indicator of client engagement and satisfaction. We calculate net revenue per active client based on net revenue over the preceding four fiscal quarters divided by the number of active clients, measured as of the last day of the period. Net revenue per active client was 497 and 546 as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively, representing a year-over-year decrease of 9.0 , as we have observed lower spending from clients in recent periods, including lower new client activity. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Macroeconomic Environment 
 Our business and operating results are subject to national and global economic conditions and their impact on consumer discretionary spending. As the macroeconomic environment is experiencing inflation, rising interest rates, recessionary concerns, tightening labor markets, and general uncertainty regarding the overall future political and economic environment, we have seen and expect to continue to see negative impacts on consumer confidence and consumer demand. As this challenging and uncertain economic environment continues, we cannot predict whether or when such circumstances may improve or worsen or what impact such circumstances could have on our business. 
 Inventory Management 
 We leverage our data science to buy and manage our inventory, including merchandise assortment and fulfillment center optimization. Because our merchandise assortment directly correlates to client success, we may at times optimize our inventory to prioritize long-term client success over short-term gross margin impact. To ensure sufficient availability of merchandise, we generally enter into purchase orders well in advance and frequently before apparel trends are confirmed by client purchases. As a result, we are vulnerable to demand and pricing shifts and availability of merchandise at the time of purchase. We incur inventory write-offs and changes in inventory reserves that impact our gross margins. Moreover, our inventory investments will fluctuate with the needs of our business. 
 Supply chain constraints and delays have continued to ease, and the timing and amount of inventory receipts were not impacted by supply chain delays during fiscal 2023. As such, we are no longer ordering product in advance of our typical timelines. 
 
 37 

Client Acquisition and Engagement 
 To grow our business, we must continue to acquire clients and successfully engage and retain them. Our marketing strategy aims to preserve liquidity and achieve profitability, while simultaneously attracting long-term customers to fuel a return to growth. We utilize both digital and offline channels to attract new visitors to our website or mobile app and subsequently convert them into clients. Our marketing costs are largely composed of advertising, client referrals, and public relations expenses. At any given time, our advertising efforts may include, social media marketing, keyword search campaigns, affiliate programs, partnerships, campaigns with celebrities and influencers, display advertising, television, radio, video, content, direct mail, email, mobile push communications, SMS, and search engine optimization. Our marketing expenses have varied from period to period and we expect this trend to continue. In fiscal 2024, we expect our marketing spend as a percentage of revenue to be relatively consistent with fiscal 2023. 
 Marketing expense is recorded in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and the largest component of our marketing expense is advertising, which was 119.5 million in fiscal 2023, compared to 203.4 million in fiscal 2022. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we began including costs for influencer campaigns within advertising expense and have revised advertising expense for fiscal 2022 to reflect the inclusion of these costs. 
 Operations and Infrastructure 
 We intend to leverage our data science and deep understanding of our clients needs to make targeted investments in technology and product, and plan to prioritize investments with near-term positive returns. In the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we decided to close our Salt Lake City fulfillment center in order to optimize network capacity. In June 2023, we announced the intended closures of our fulfillment centers in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and Dallas, Texas. In addition, in June 2023, we also announced that we would enter a consultation period, in accordance with UK law, to explore exiting the market in the UK. On August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period, and made the decision to exit our business and wind down our operations in the UK. Refer to Note 13, Restructuring within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report for further details. 
 Merchandise Mix 
 We offer apparel, shoes, and accessories across categories, brands, product types, and price points. We currently serve our clients in the following categories: Women s, Petite, Maternity, Men s, Plus, and Kids. We carry a mix of third-party branded merchandise, including premium brands, and our own Owned Private Label Brands. We also offer a wide variety of product types, including denim, dresses, blouses, skirts, shoes, jewelry, and handbags. We sell merchandise across a broad range of price points and may further broaden our price point offerings in the future. 
 Historically, changes in our merchandise mix have not caused significant fluctuations in our gross margin; however, categories, brands, product types, and price points do have a range of margin profiles. For example, our Owned Private Label Brands have generally contributed higher margins than our third-party brands, which have generally contributed lower margins. We continue to evolve our merchandise mix to improve the client experience and attract new active clients. Shifts in merchandise mix will result in fluctuations in our gross margin from period to period. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue from the sale of merchandise through our Fix and Freestyle offerings. With our Fix offering, we charge a nonrefundable upfront fee, referred to as a styling fee, that is credited towards any merchandise purchased. We offer Style Pass to provide select U.S. clients with an alternative to paying a styling fee per Fix. Style Pass clients pay a nonrefundable annual fee for unlimited styling that is credited towards merchandise purchases. We deduct discounts, sales tax, and estimated refunds to arrive at net revenue, which we refer to as revenue throughout this Annual Report. We also recognize revenue resulting from estimated breakage income on gift cards. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold consists of the costs of merchandise, expenses for inbound freight and shipping to and from clients, inventory write-offs and changes in our inventory reserve, payment processing fees, and packaging materials costs, offset by the recoverable cost of merchandise estimated to be returned. We expect our cost of goods sold to fluctuate as a percentage of revenue primarily due to how we manage our inventory and merchandise mix. Our classification of cost of goods sold may vary from other companies in our industry and may not be comparable. 
 
 38 

Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses SG A consist primarily of compensation and benefits costs, including stock-based compensation expense, for our employees including our stylists, fulfillment center operations, data analytics, merchandising, engineering, marketing, client experience, and corporate personnel. SG A also includes marketing and advertising costs, third-party logistics costs, facility costs for our fulfillment centers and offices, professional service fees, information technology costs, and depreciation and amortization expense. As a result of our restructuring and cost reduction actions throughout fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , we expect SG A in fiscal 2024 to continue to decrease as compared to fiscal 2023 . Our classification of certain components within SG A may vary from other companies in our industry and may not be comparable. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income is generated from our cash equivalents and investments in available-for-sale securities. 
 Income Tax Provision (Benefit) 
 Our provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of an estimate of federal, state, and international income taxes based on enacted federal, state, and international tax rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, and changes in the valuation of our net federal and state deferred tax assets. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended July 29, 2023, July 30, 2022, and July 31, 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 2023 vs. 2022 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 (in thousands) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Change Change Revenue, net 1,638,423 2,072,812 2,101,258 (21.0) (1.4) Cost of goods sold 946,902 1,164,338 1,153,622 (18.7) 0.9 Gross profit 691,521 908,474 947,636 (23.9) (4.1) Selling, general, and administrative expenses 869,318 1,116,519 1,010,997 (22.1) 10.4 Operating loss (177,797) (208,045) (63,361) (14.5) 228.3 Interest income 6,220 930 2,610 (64.4) Other income (expense), net 1,094 (2,355) (366) (146.5) Loss before income taxes (170,483) (209,470) (61,117) (18.6) 242.7 Income tax provision (benefit) 1,490 (2,349) (52,241) (163.4) (95.5) Net loss (171,973) (207,121) (8,876) (17.0) 
 Not meaningful 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of our results of operations as a percentage of net revenue: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Revenue, net 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 57.8 56.2 54.9 Gross margin 
 42.2 43.8 45.1 Selling, general, and administrative expenses 53.1 53.9 48.1 Operating loss (10.9) (10.0) (3.0) Interest income 0.4 0.1 Other income (expense), net 0.1 (0.1) Loss before income taxes (10.4) (10.1) (2.9) Income tax provision (benefit) 0.1 (0.1) (2.5) Net loss (10.5) (10.0) (0.4) 
 Note: Due to rounding, percentages in this table may not sum to totals. 
 Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Revenue in fiscal 2023 decreased by 434.4 million, or 21.0 , as compared to revenue in fiscal 2022 . The decline in revenue was primarily attributable to a 13.1 decline in active clients from July 30, 2022 to July 29, 2023, which led to a decrease in sales of merchandise. Revenue was also impacted by a 9.0 decline in net revenue per active client in fiscal 2023 , as compared to fiscal 2022 , as we have observed clients spending less in recent periods. 
 
 39 

Gross margin for fiscal 2023 , decreased by 160 basis points as compared to fiscal 2022 . The decrease was primarily attributable to higher product and transportation costs as a percentage of revenue, substantially offset by our improved inventory position, as we better aligned our inventory composition, which has led to lower inventory write-offs as a percentage of revenue. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A in fiscal 2023 decreased by 247.2 million, or 22.1 , as compared to fiscal 2022 , primarily due to a 149.5 million decrease in compensation and benefits expense, including lower stock-based compensation, largely driven by our restructuring actions and reductions in variable labor costs due to lower sales volumes. These decreases were partially offset by a year-over-year increase of 24.4 million in restructuring and other one-time costs. SG A expense was also impacted by a 83.9 million reduction in our advertising expense as compared to fiscal 2022, as a result of our decision to reduce advertising spend in fiscal 2023 . 
 SG A as a percentage of revenue decreased to 53.1 in fiscal 2023 , as compared to 53.9 in fiscal 2022 . The decrease in SG A margin was primarily related to reductions in advertising, which was 7.3 of net revenue in fiscal 2023 , as compared to 9.8 of net revenue in fiscal 2022 . This was primarily offset by restructuring and other one-time costs, which increased as a percentage of net revenue from 1.3 in fiscal 2022 to 3.1 in fiscal 2023 . 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The following table summarizes our effective tax rate for the periods presented: 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Loss before income taxes (170,483) (209,470) (61,117) Income tax provision (benefit) 1,490 (2,349) (52,241) Effective tax rate (0.9) 1.1 85.5 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and the UK. Our effective tax rate and provision for income taxes increased in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 , primarily due to additional foreign income taxes and less reserve releases due to lapses in statutes of limitation. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our principal source of liquidity is our cash flow from operations. 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had 239.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and 18.2 million of short-term investments with contractual maturities of 12 months or less. 
 We are party to a 100.0 million amended and restated credit agreement, entered into June 2, 2021 and amended on July 29, 2022 (the Amended Credit Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (successor by purchase to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as Receiver for Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. (as successor of Silicon Valley Bank)), and other lenders. The Amended Credit Agreement includes a letter of credit sub-facility of 30.0 million and a swingline sub-facility of up to 40.0 million. As of July 29, 2023, we did not have any borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement and we had 78.1 million in borrowing capacity as reduced by outstanding letters of credit. 
 Our obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and any hedging or cash management agreements entered into with any lender thereunder are secured by substantially all of our current and future property, rights, and assets, including, but not limited to, cash, goods, equipment, contractual rights, financial assets, and intangible assets. The Amended Credit Agreement contains covenants limiting the ability to, among other things, dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, incur debt, incur liens, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain minimum free cash flow and an adjusted current ratio above specified levels, measured in each case at the end of each fiscal quarter. The Amended Credit Agreement contains events of default that include, among others, non-payment of principal, interest, or fees, breach of covenants, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross defaults to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, and material judgments. 
 The revolving line of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement will terminate on May 31, 2024, unless the termination date is extended at the election of the lenders. Our intention is to renew or replace the line of credit before the termination date. 
 
 40 

For information on the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, refer to Note 7, Credit Agreement within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Uses of Cash 
 Our primary use of cash includes operating costs such as merchandise purchases, lease obligations, compensation and benefits, marketing, and other expenditures necessary to support our business. 
 We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months and beyond. 
 Share Repurchases 
 In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to 150.0 million of our outstanding Class A common stock, with no expiration date (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). We may repurchase shares from time to time through open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased in the future will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including price, trading volume, market conditions, and other general business conditions. Repurchases will be funded from the Company s existing cash and cash equivalents or future cash flow. The repurchase program may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time. The Company made no repurchases of Class A common stock in fiscal 2023. As of July 29, 2023, the Company had repurchased 2,302,141 shares of Class A common stock for approximately 30.0 million under the 2022 Repurchase Program. We had 120.0 million remaining in share repurchase capacity as of July 29, 2023. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended (in thousands) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 57,830 55,395 (15,675) Net cash provided by investing activities 64,326 10,233 39,093 Net cash used in financing activities (15,539) (60,250) (38,885) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 1,885 (4,228) 1,797 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 108,502 1,150 (13,670) 
 Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 During fiscal 2023 , cash provided by operating activities was 57.8 million, which consisted of a net loss of 172.0 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 150.1 million and a change of 79.7 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges were largely driven by 104.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, 43.3 million of depreciation, amortization, and accretion, and 18.2 million in asset impairment charges. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to a change of 78.4 million in our inventory balance due to a decline in inventory receipts to bring inventory balances in line with current demand, and a cash inflow of 53.0 million from income tax refunds, partially offset by a decrease of 63.4 million in our accounts payable and accrued liabilities due to timing of payments. 
 During fiscal 2022 , cash provided by operating activities was 55.4 million, which consisted of a net loss of 207.1 million, adjusted by non-cash charges of 188.1 million and a change of 74.4 million in our net operating assets and liabilities. The non-cash charges were largely driven by 128.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, 37.2 million of depreciation, amortization, and accretion, 16.6 million in inventory reserves, and 6.2 million in asset impairment charges. The change in our net operating assets and liabilities was primarily due to an increase of 71.3 million in our accounts payable balance due to timing of inventory receipts and payments. 
 Cash Provided by Investing Activities 
 During fiscal 2023 , cash provided by investing activities was 64.3 million, primarily related to net cash flow from purchases, sales, and maturities of 82.5 million in highly rated available-for-sale securities, partially offset by 19.0 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 During fiscal 2022 , cash provided by investing activities was 10.2 million, primarily related to net cash flow from purchases, sales, and maturities of 56.6 million in highly rated available-for-sale securities, partially offset by 46.4 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 During fiscal 2023 , cash used in financing activities was 15.5 million, which was primarily due to payments for tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units of 15.6 million. 
 
 41 

During fiscal 2022 , cash used in financing activities was 60.3 million, which was primarily due to payments for tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units of 31.7 million and repurchases of common stock of 30.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the exercise of stock options of 1.5 million. 
 Effect of Exchange Rate Changes on Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at both July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022 was impacted based on fluctuations in the exchange rate of the British pound sterling to the U.S. dollar. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 Our most significant contractual obligations relate to purchase commitments of inventory and operating lease obligations on our fulfillment centers and corporate offices. As of July 29, 2023, we had 168.0 million of enforceable and legally binding inventory purchase commitments, predominantly due within one year. For information on our contractual obligations for operating leases, refer to Note 4, Leases within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses and the related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 The critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments that we believe to have the most significant impacts to our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 Inventory, net 
 Inventory, net consists of finished goods which are recorded at the lower of cost or net realizable value using the first-in-first-out FIFO method. We establish a reserve for excess and slow-moving inventory we expect to write off or sell below cost as clearance based on historical trends, which considers factors such as the age of the inventory and sell through rate for a particular item. In addition, we estimate and accrue shrinkage as a percentage of inventory out to the client and also accrue for damaged items and items we intend to clearance. Estimates are made to reduce the inventory value for lost, stolen, damaged, or clearanced items to net realizable value. If actual experience differs significantly from our estimates due to changes in client merchandise preferences, client demand, or economic conditions, additional inventory write-downs may be required which could adversely affect our operating results. A 10 change in our inventory reserves estimate as of July 29, 2023 would result in a change in reserves of approximately 4.2 million. 
 During both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , we recorded additional specific reserves related to excess and slow-moving spring and summer inventory. Additionally, in fiscal 2023, in connection with the planned exit of operations in the UK, we recorded a specific inventory reserve to record anticipated losses on inventory in the UK at the lower of cost or net realizable value, based on projected sales through the exit of this business. Aside from these specific reserves, we have not made any material changes to our assumptions included in the calculations of the lower of cost or net realizable value reserves during fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022 . 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We grant stock options and restricted stock units RSUs to our employees and members of our Board of Directors, and recognize stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of such awards at grant date. We estimate the fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires us to use certain estimates and assumptions such as: 
 Expected volatility of our common stock based on an even blend of historical and implied volatility of our common stock; 
 Expected term of our stock options the period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding based on historical averages. 
 Expected dividend yield as we have not paid and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock, our expected dividend yield is 0 ; and 
 Risk-free interest rates based on the U.S. Treasury zero coupon notes in effect at the grant date with maturities equal to the expected terms of the options granted. 
 We record stock-based compensation expense net of estimated forfeitures so that expense is recorded for only the stock options and RSUs that we expect to vest. We estimate forfeitures based on our historical forfeiture of stock options and RSUs adjusted to reflect future changes in facts and circumstances, if any. We will revise our estimated forfeiture rate if actual forfeitures differ from our initial estimates. 
 We will continue to use judgment in evaluating assumptions related to our stock-based compensation expense. As we continue to accumulate data related to our common stock, we may have refinements to our estimates and assumptions which could impact our future stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 42 

Income Taxes 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and the UK. We compute our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and for tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that are expected to apply to taxable income for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. 
 Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. We consider many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization, including our recent cumulative loss, earnings expectations in earlier future years, and other relevant factors. 
 Significant judgment is required in determining our uncertain tax positions. We continuously review issues raised in connection with all ongoing examinations and open tax years to evaluate the adequacy of our tax liabilities. We evaluate uncertain tax positions under a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the uncertain tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination based on its technical merits. The second step is, for those positions that meet the recognition criteria, to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized. We believe our recorded tax liabilities are adequate to cover all open tax years based on our assessment. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and involves significant judgments about future events. To the extent that our view as to the outcome of these matters changes, we will adjust income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. We classify interest and penalties related to income taxes as income tax expense. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue is recognized net of sales taxes, discounts, and estimated refunds. We record a refund reserve based on our historical refund patterns. The impact of our refund reserve on our operating results may fluctuate based on changes in client refund activity over time. 
 We also sell gift cards to clients and establish a liability based on the face value of such gift cards. If a gift card is not used, we will recognize estimated gift card breakage revenue proportionately to customer usage of gift cards over the expected gift card usage period, subject to requirements to remit balances to governmental agencies. 
 We have not made any material changes to our revenue recognition accounting policies during fiscal 2023. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For recent accounting pronouncements, refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our cash equivalents and investments in available-for-sale securities are exposed to market risk due to fluctuations in interest rates, which may affect our interest income and the fair market value of our investments. However, due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio as of July 29, 2023, we do not believe an immediate 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. As such, we do not expect a sudden change in market interest rates would have a material impact on our consolidated financial results. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 As of July 29, 2023, our revenue was earned in U.S. dollars and British pound sterling. Our operations in the UK exposes us to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our operating expenses. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may also result in transaction gains or losses on transactions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar or British pound sterling. For fiscal 2023, a hypothetical 10 increase or decrease in exchange rates would not have had a material impact on our consolidated financial results. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Our costs are subject to inflationary pressures, which we expect to continue, and if those pressures become significant, we may not be able to fully offset such higher costs through price increases. Our inability or failure to do so could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The primary inflationary factors affecting our business are merchandise costs, shipping and freight costs, and labor costs. Additionally, although difficult to quantify, we believe inflation is having an adverse effect on our clients discretionary spending habits, which has impacted and may continue to impact net revenue. 
 
 43 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 STITCH FIX, INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 45 
 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 47 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 48 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 49 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
 50 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 51 

44 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Stitch Fix, Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Stitch Fix, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flow, for each of the fiscal years ended July 29, 2023, July 30, 2022 and July 31, 2021 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years ended July 29, 2023, July 30, 2022 and July 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

45 

Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Inventory, Net - Excess and Slow-Moving Inventory Reserves - Refer to Note 2 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company establishes inventory reserves to record its inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. A portion of the inventory reserves represents an amount for excess and slow-moving inventory on hand that is expected to be written-off or otherwise disposed of below cost at a future date. The Company s estimate of the appropriate amount of the excess and slow-moving inventory reserve utilizes certain inputs and involves judgment. Such inputs include data associated with historical trends, historical inventory write-off activity, and the on-hand inventory aging. The calculation and analysis of historical trend data, historical write-off activity, and the application of this analysis to on-hand inventory involves complex calculations. 
 We identified the estimated inventory reserve for excess and slow-moving inventory as a critical audit matter given the estimation uncertainty is impacted by a number of subjective factors including current and future customer merchandise preference, consumer spending trends and economic conditions. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the methodology and the reasonableness of these subjective factors in combination with assumptions and inputs including historical inventory trends, historical inventory write-off activity, and the on-hand inventory aging used to determine excess and slow-moving inventory. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the excess and slow-moving inventory reserve included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s excess and slow-moving inventory reserve estimate. 
 We compared actual write-off activity in the current year to the excess and slow-moving reserve estimated by the Company in the prior year to evaluate management s ability to accurately estimate the reserve. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness of and performed audit procedures over specified inputs supporting management s estimate, including the age of on-hand inventory, historical inventory trends, and historical write-off activity. 
 We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of management s methods and assumptions used in developing their estimate of the excess and slow-moving inventory reserve, which included consideration of write-off trends by merchandise category, on-hand inventory aging distribution and the impact of current and future customer merchandise preference, consumer spending trends and economic conditions. 
 We reperformed the calculation of the excess and slow-moving inventory reserve utilizing the inputs, assumptions, and methodology consistent with management s estimate. 
 We looked for indications that the reserve for excess and slow-moving inventory may be understated by evaluating write-off activity of inventory subsequent to July 29, 2023. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 September 20, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

46 

Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Inventory, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable Total current assets Long-term investments Income tax receivable, net of current portion 
 Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities 
 Accrued liabilities Gift card liability Deferred revenue Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 
 Stockholders equity: Class A common stock, par value shares authorized as of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022; and shares issued and outstanding as of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value shares authorized as of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022; and shares issued and outstanding as of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Treasury stock at cost and shares) 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

47 

Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Revenue, net Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expenses Operating loss ) ) ) Interest income Other income (expense), net 
 ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision (benefit) for income taxes ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of tax ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average shares used to compute loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

48 

Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of August 1, 2020 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 
 Issuance of restricted stock units, net of tax withholdings ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance as of July 31, 2021 
 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 
 Issuance of restricted stock units, net of tax withholdings ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Balance as of July 30, 2022 
 ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options 
 Issuance of restricted stock units, net of tax withholdings ) ) Stock-based compensation 
 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance as of July 29, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

49 

Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
 (In thousands) For the Fiscal Year Ended July 29, 2023 July 30, 2022 July 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Change in inventory reserves ) Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Asset impairment Other ) ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Income tax receivables ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Gift card liability ) Other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of securities available-for-sale ) ) ) Sales of securities available-for-sale Maturities of securities available-for-sale Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from the exercise of stock options, net Payments for tax withholdings related to vesting of restricted stock units ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the year Cash and cash equivalents, end of the year Supplemental Disclosure Cash paid for income taxes Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Capitalized stock-based compensation 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

50 

STITCH FIX, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 

2. 

operating segment and reportable segment as our chief operating decision maker, who is our Chief Executive Officer, reviews financial information on a consolidated basis for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 Effective August 1, 2021, we completed the implementation of a new inventory management process and system, which enhances our procure-to-pay processes. In connection with this implementation, we changed our inventory costing method from specific identification to the first-in-first-out FIFO method. We believe this change in accounting principle is preferable because it streamlines our inventory accounting process, is generally consistent with the physical flow of our inventories, and is more consistent with the inventory costing method used by industry peers. This change in accounting principle did not have a material effect on inventory, net or cost of goods sold for all periods presented; therefore, prior comparative financial statements have not been restated. 

51 

million and million as of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022, respectively, and was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. We have also elected to exclude accrued interest receivable from the estimation of expected credit losses on our available-for-sale securities and reverse accrued interest receivable through interest income when amounts are determined to be uncollectible. We did not write off any accrued interest receivable during fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022 . 

Our total inventory reserves, which reduce inventory in our consolidated balance sheets, were million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. During both fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 , we recorded additional specific reserves related to excess and slow-moving spring and summer inventory. Additionally, in fiscal 2023, in connection with the planned exit of operations in the UK, we recorded a specific inventory reserve to record anticipated losses on inventory in the UK at the lower of cost or net realizable value, based on projected sales through the exit of this business. Aside from these specific reserves, we have not made any material changes to our assumptions included in the calculations of the lower of cost or net realizable value reserves during fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2022 . 
 years Office furniture and equipment years Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life 

52 

In fiscal 2023 , and in connection with the restructuring plan we first announced on June 9, 2022 2022 Restructuring Plan ), we identified the occurrence of triggering events requiring impairment testing. We recorded an asset impairment charge of million, related to a portion of our corporate office space, which was allocated between operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment, net to record the corresponding assets at their estimated fair market value. In addition, we recorded an asset impairment charge of million related to the property and equipment in the UK. Refer to Note 4, Leases and Note 13, Restructuring for further information. 
 million and million as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, respectively. 
 We have five types of contractual liabilities: (i) cash collections of upfront styling fees, which are included in deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue upon the earlier of application to a merchandise purchase or expiry of the offer, (ii) cash collections of Style Pass annual fees, which are included in deferred revenue and are recognized upon the earlier of application to a merchandise purchase or expiry of the Style Pass annual period, (iii) unredeemed gift cards, which are included in gift card liability and recognized as revenue upon usage or inclusion in gift card breakage estimates, (iv) referral credits, which are included in other current liabilities and are recognized as revenue when used, and (v) cash collections of Freestyle purchases, which are included in deferred revenue and are recognized as revenue upon shipment. 
 We sell gift cards to clients and establish a liability based upon the face value of such gift cards. We reduce the liability and recognize revenue upon usage of the gift card. If a gift card is not used, we will recognize estimated gift card breakage revenue proportionately 

53 

Style Pass annual fees Freestyle orders Total deferred revenue Gift card liability Other current liabilities: Referral credits 
 The following table summarizes net revenue recognized during fiscal 2023 , which was previously included in deferred revenue, gift card liability, and other current liabilities at July 30, 2022: 
 (in thousands) Revenue Recognized From Amounts Previously Included in Deferred Balances at July 30, 2022 
 Upfront styling fees Style Pass annual fees Freestyle orders Gift card liability Referral credits 
 million , million , and million for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2023, we began including costs for influencer campaigns within advertising expense and have revised advertising expense for fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 to reflect the inclusion of these costs. 

54 

. 

55 

3. 
 
 Investments: U.S. Treasury securities Commercial paper Corporate bonds Total 
 There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities into or out of Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 . 
 The following table sets forth the amortized cost, gross unrealized losses, and fair values of our 
 ) ) Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) ) Total ) ) 

56 

) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The fair value and gross unrealized losses for those investments that were in a continuous unrealized loss position as of July 30, 2022 were as follows: 
 Less Than 12 Months More Than 12 Months Total (in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Investments: U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 The total fair value of investments in a continuous unrealized loss and the related gross unrealized losses have both decreased since July 30, 2022, due to maturities of our investments during fiscal 2023 , and approaching maturities of securities in our portfolio. We evaluate securities for expected credit losses on a quarterly basis with consideration given to the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, whether we intend to sell the securities, and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. As of July 29, 2023, the losses on our available-for-sale securities were considered to be a direct effect of the increase in interest rates and not the creditworthiness of the issuers. We have the current intent and ability to retain these securities until maturity or recovery of the amortized cost basis. Therefore, expected credit losses as of July 29, 2023 were immaterial. 
 T 
 Corporate bonds Total 

57 

4. 
 , and often include or more options to renew. We have not considered any of our renewal options reasonably certain to be exercised at lease commencement and do not have residual value guarantees associated with our leases. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Total discounted future minimum lease payments 
 The weighted average remaining term for our leases as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022 was years and years, respectively. The weighted average discount rate for our leases as of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022 was and , respectively. 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities, net of impairments and other reductions (1) 
 ) (1) In fiscal 2023, we amended our lease agreement for our fulfillment center in Phoenix, AZ, to extend the lease term by . In fiscal 2023, we also recorded a million impairment charge related to a portion of our corporate office space. Refer to Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Note 13, Restructuring for further details on the impairment charge. 
 Operating Lease Cost 
 Operating lease cost is recorded on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain leases contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in our operating lease right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. These amounts primarily include payments for maintenance, utilities, taxes, and insurance on our office and fulfillment center leases. 
 Variable lease costs Short-term lease costs Operating lease impairment (1) 
 Sublease income (2) 
 ) ) Total 
 (1) Refer to Note 13, Restructuring for more details. 
 (2) During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, we had subleases for certain portions of fulfillment centers and our corporate offices due to the reduction in square footage needs for current operations and our recent commitment to a more distributed workforce for corporate employees. We may continue to seek sublease arrangements in fiscal 2024 for certain corporate offices and fulfillment centers as needed. 

58 

5. 
 Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Capitalized software Construction in progress Building and land Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Advertising Sales taxes Shipping and freight Accrued accounts payable Inventory purchases Sales refund reserve Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 7. 
 million, including a letter of credit sub-facility in the aggregate amount of million, and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate amount of million. We also have the option to request an incremental facility of up to an additional million from one or more of the lenders under the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Under the terms of the Amended Credit Agreement, revolving loans may be either Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR Loans or ABR Loans. Outstanding SOFR Loans incur interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR, which is defined in the Amended Credit Agreement as Term SOFR plus the Term SOFR Adjustment), plus a margin of . Outstanding ABR Loans incur interest at the highest of (a) the Prime Rate, as published by the Wall Street Journal, (b) the federal funds rate in effect for such day plus , and (c) the Adjusted Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus , in each case plus a margin of . We will be charged a commitment fee of for committed but unused amounts. The revolving line of credit under the Amended Credit Agreement will terminate on May 31, 2024, unless the termination date is extended at the election of the lenders. 
 Our obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement and any hedging or cash management agreements entered into with any lender thereunder are secured by substantially all of our current and future property, rights, and assets, including, but not limited to, cash, goods, equipment, contractual rights, financial assets, and intangible assets. The Amended Credit Agreement contains covenants limiting the ability under certain circumstances to, among other things, dispose of assets, undergo a change in control, merge or consolidate, make acquisitions, incur debt, incur liens, pay dividends, repurchase stock, and make investments, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The Amended Credit Agreement also contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain minimum free cash flow and an adjusted current ratio above specified levels, measured in each case at the end of each fiscal quarter. The Amended Credit Agreement contains events of default that include, among others, non-payment of principal, interest, or fees, breach of covenants, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross defaults to certain other indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency events, and material judgments. 

59 

million in borrowing capacity as reduced by outstanding letters of credit. As of July 29, 2023, we were in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 8. 
 putative class action lawsuits alleging violations of the federal securities laws were filed by certain of our stockholders in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, naming as defendants us and certain of our officers. The lawsuits each make the same allegations of violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by us and our officers for allegedly making materially false and misleading statements regarding our active client growth and strategy with respect to television advertising between June 2018 and October 2018. The plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief. The lawsuits have been consolidated and a lead plaintiff has been appointed. On September 18, 2019, the lead plaintiff in the consolidated class action lawsuits (the Class Action filed a consolidated complaint for violation of the federal securities laws. On October 28, 2019, we and other defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated complaint. The lead plaintiff filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss on December 9, 2019, and we and the other defendants filed our reply in support of our motion to dismiss on December 30, 2019. The court granted our motion to dismiss on September 30, 2020 but allowed the lead plaintiff to file an amended complaint. On November 6, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed his amended complaint. We filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on December 7, 2020. The lead plaintiff filed an opposition to the motion to dismiss on January 8, 2021, and we filed our reply in support of our motion to dismiss on January 22, 2021. The court granted our motion to dismiss on October 1, 2021. On October 29, 2021, the plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. On October 19, 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit affirmed the district court's dismissal of the complaint. The lead plaintiff did not file a petition to the Supreme Court by the January 17, 2023 deadline. 
 On December 12, 2018, a derivative action was filed against our directors in the same court, alleging the same violations of securities laws as alleged in the Class Action and breach of fiduciary duties. On December 12, 2019, a second derivative action was filed against our directors in the same court, alleging the same violations of securities laws and breach of fiduciary duties as the other derivative action. The two derivative actions have been related to each other and to the Class Action, and all the related cases are now proceeding before a single judge in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. The derivative actions have been stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs appeals of the dismissal of the Class Action pursuant to the parties stipulation. On February 15, 2023, the court entered orders dismissing both derivative actions without prejudice. 
 Indemnifications 
 In the ordinary course of business, we may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to vendors, directors, officers, and other parties with respect to certain matters. We have not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnifications and have not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Purchase Commitments 
 As of July 29, 2023, we had million of enforceable and legally binding inventory purchase commitments, predominantly due within one year. 

60 

9.) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications (1) 
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI Net change in AOCI Balance at July 29, 2023 
 ) 
 Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in thousands) Available-for-sale Securities Foreign Currency Translation Total Balance at July 31, 2021 
 ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications (1) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) ) Net change in AOCI ) ) ) Balance at July 30, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 associated income tax effect for losses on available-for-sale securities during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, as we have recorded a valuation allowance against these deferred tax balances . 
 
 10. 
 on the first anniversary of the grant date with the remaining shares subject to the option vesting ratably over the next subject to the employee s continued service with the Company. Options generally expire after years. Effective upon our initial public offering in 2017, the 2011 Plan was replaced by the 2017 Incentive Plan. 
 2017 Incentive Plan 
 In November 2017, our Board of Directors and stockholders adopted our 2017 Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ). The remaining shares available for issuance under our 2011 Plan became reserved for issuance under the 2017 Plan. Our 2017 Plan provides for the grant of Class A incentive stock options to employees, including employees of our subsidiary, and for the grant of nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, RSU awards, performance stock awards, performance cash awards, and other forms of stock awards to employees, directors, and consultants, including employees and consultants of our subsidiaries. Employee stock option awards generally begin to vest after the grant date with the remaining shares subject to the option vesting ratably over the next months. Options generally expire after years. RSU awards made to employees generally vest ratably on a quarterly basis subject to the employee s continued service with the Company. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2017 Plan was shares of Class A common stock as of July 29, 2023. 

61 

Authorized Granted ) Forfeited Balance at July 29, 2023 

2019 Inducement Plan 
 In October 2019, our Board of Directors adopted our 2019 Inducement Plan (the 2019 Plan ). Our 2019 Plan provides for the grant of Class A nonqualified stock options and RSU awards to individuals who satisfy the standards for inducement grants under the relevant Nasdaq Stock Market rules. As of July 29, 2023, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2019 Plan was shares of Class A common stock and the number of shares available for grant was . 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Balance at July 29, 2023 
 Options vested and exercisable at July 29, 2023 
 Options vested and expected to vest at July 29, 2023 
 
 The weight ed-average grant date fair value of options granted during fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was , , and per share, respectively. The total grant date fair value of options that vested during fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised is the difference between the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of exercise and the exercise price for in-the-money stock options. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Employee RSUs are granted under the 2017 Plan and 2019 Plan, settle into Class A common stock, and generally vest ratably on a quarterly basis subject to the employee s continued service with the Company. 

62 

Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Unvested at July 29, 2023 
 
 Performance-Based Stock Awards 
 The Company incurs stock-based compensation expense under compensation arrangements with certain of its employees under which the Company will settle bonuses for a fixed dollar amount by issuing a variable number of restricted stock units. The number of restricted stock units issued will be based on the Company s trailing seven-day average share price following the Company s public release of fiscal 2023 financial results. The awards have both service and performance conditions. 
 These awards are classified as liability-based awards in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which are measured based on the fair value of the award at the end of each reporting period until settled. The Company records stock-based compensation related to accrued compensation in which it intends to settle in shares of the Company s common stock. However, it is the Company s discretion whether this compensation will ultimately be paid in stock or cash, as it has the right to dictate the form of these payments up until the date they are paid. 
 Stock-based compensation expense is recorded over the fiscal year in which performance is assessed. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense for options and RSUs granted to employees was million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, fiscal 2022, and fiscal 2021, respectively . As a result of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, described in Note 13, Restructuring, stock-based compensation expense decreased by million in fiscal 2023 due to forfeitures of previously granted awards above our estimate. Stock-based compensation expense is included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 The Company recognized no income tax benefit from stock-based compensation expense during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 as the Company currently maintains a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets in jurisdictions where material stock-based compensation expense is incurred. During fiscal 2021, the Company recognized a material income tax benefit from stock-based compensation expense due to the net operating loss carryback provisions of the CARES Act. 
 As of July 29, 2023, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested options and RSUs, net of estimated forfeitures, was million , which we expect to recognize over an estimated weighted average period of years. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield 

63 

11.) ) ) Foreign Total loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) 
 ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) Total current ) ) Deferred: Foreign ) Total deferred ) Total income tax provision (benefit) 
 ) )) ) ) State taxes, net of federal effect ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) CARES Act carryback benefit ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) R D credits ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions ) Return to provision ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Effective tax rate 
 ) ) ) 

64 

Accruals and reserves Research and development credits Capitalized research and development costs Stock-based compensation Deferred revenue Operating lease liability Net operating losses Other Gross deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Depreciation and amortization ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 
 Our effective tax rate and provision for income taxes increased in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 , primarily due to additional foreign income taxes and less reserve releases due to lapses in statutes of limitation. 
 Our effective tax rate and benefit for income taxes decreased from the fiscal 2021 to the fiscal 2022 , primarily due to the reversal of stock-based compensation expenses and the absence of the prior year net operating loss carryback provisions of the CARES Act that were not in effect for the current year. 
 We have not recognized a deferred tax liability related to unremitted foreign earnings because future tax costs associated with future remittances are not expected to be significant. 
 Beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the "Tax Act eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current year and requires taxpayers to capitalize such expenses pursuant to Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 174. The capitalized expenses are amortized over a period for domestic expenses. As a result of this provision of the Tax Act, deferred tax assets related to capitalized research expenses increased by million, partially offset by amortization on research expenses. 
 As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022 , we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which will be carried forward indefinitely. As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, we had federal research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively. The research and development tax credits will expire beginning in 2036, if not utilized. 
 As of July 29, 2023 and July 30, 2022, we had state net operating loss carryforwards of million and million, respectively. These state net operating loss carryforwards will expire, if not utilized, beginning in 2025. As of July 29, 2023, and July 30, 2022, we had California research and development tax credit carryforwards of million and million, respectively, which are not subject to expiration. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards, tax credits, and other tax attributes may be subject to various limitations due to the ownership change limitations provided by IRC Section 382 and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before their utilization and reduce our ability to offset future income with our tax attributes. 

65 

Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Increase related to prior period tax positions Decrease related to prior period tax positions ) Increase related to current year tax positions Balance at the end of the year 
 
 The amount of unrecognized tax benefits relating to our tax positions is subject to change based on future events including, but not limited to, the settlements of ongoing audits and/or the expiration of applicable statutes of limitations. Although the outcomes and timing of such events are highly uncertain, we anticipate that the balance of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and related deferred tax assets will decrease by million during the next 12 months due to lapses of applicable statutes of limitation. Our liability for uncertain tax positions as of July 29, 2023, includes million related to amounts that would impact our current and future tax expense. 
 We recognize interest related to uncertain tax positions in our provision for income taxes. 
 We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal and various state and local jurisdictions, as well as in the UK. As of July 29, 2023, our fiscal 2016 through fiscal 2020 tax returns are subject to potential examination in one or more jurisdictions. 
 We regularly assess whether it is more likely than not that we will realize our deferred tax assets in each taxing jurisdiction in which we operate. We consider many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization, including our recent cumulative loss, earnings expectations in earlier future years, and other relevant factors. We continue to record a full valuation allowance on our U.S. and state net deferred tax assets due to cumulative historical losses. The valuation allowance primarily relates to federal and state deferred tax assets, including unrealized credit carryforwards and net operating losses. The valuation allowance increased by million in fiscal 2023, and by million in fiscal 2022 . 
 Valuation allowance charged to expense Valuation allowance credited to other accounts ) ) Valuation allowance at the end of the year 

12. 
 -class method required for participating securities: Class A and Class B common stock. The rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting, conversion, and transfer rights. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to vote per share and each share of Class B common stock is entitled to votes per share. Each share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the stockholder into share of Class A common stock. 
 Basic net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. 
 For the calculation of diluted loss per share, net loss attributable to common stockholders for basic loss per share is adjusted by the effect of dilutive securities. Diluted net loss per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by dividing the net loss attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding, including all potentially dilutive common shares. In periods of loss, there are no potentially dilutive common shares to add to the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. The undistributed losses are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A and Class B common shares as if the losses for the year have been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed loss is allocated on a proportionate basis. 

66 

) ) Denominator: Weighted-average shares of common stock basic 
 Weighted-average shares of common stock diluted 
 Loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 As the Company has reported net loss for each of the periods presented, all potentially dilutive securities were considered antidilutive. 
 Stock options to purchase Class A common stock Stock options to purchase Class B common stock Total 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In January 2022, the Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to million of our outstanding Class A common stock, with no expiration date (the 2022 Repurchase Program ). The actual timing, number, and value of shares repurchased in the future will be determined by the Company in its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including market conditions, applicable legal requirements, our capital needs, and whether there is a better alternative use of capital. 
 We did not repurchase any shares in fiscal 2023 or fiscal 2021 . As of July 29, 2023, million remained available under the 2022 Repurchase Program authorization. 
 Weighted-average price per share Aggregate purchase price (in thousands) (1) 
 
 (1) Amount includes broker commissions 

13. 
 , including approximately of our then-salaried positions. During fiscal 2023, we recorded million of additional restructuring charges consisting of severance and employee-related benefits, related to the 2022 Restructuring Plan. 
 In furtherance of and as an expansion of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, in January 2023, we implemented a plan of termination January 2023 Reduction in Force ). The January 2023 Reduction in Force reduced our then-current employee workforce by approximately , including approximately of our then-salaried positions. In connection with the 2023 Reduction in Force, our then-Chief Executive Officer agreed that she would step down from her employment with the Company and from the Board of Directors. We also recorded an impairment charge to a portion of our corporate office space due to a change in the use of this space, as a furtherance of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, and based on further deterioration in the San Francisco sublease market, making recoverability unlikely. The January 2023 Reduction in Force also included the closure of our Salt Lake City fulfillment center. During fiscal 2023, we recorded the following related to the January 2023 Reduction in Force: 

67 

million of restructuring charges related to severance and employee-related benefits and other charges, including million of cash restructuring charges, which were substantially all paid during fiscal 2023; 
 million of asset impairment charges related to a portion of our corporate office space, as described above; 
 million of accelerated depreciation expense related to assets at our Salt Lake City fulfillment center, which we determined would not be transferred to other fulfillment centers in our network and for which we did not have immediate plans to use. 
 In furtherance of and as an expansion of the 2022 Restructuring Plan, we announced in June 2023 the intended closure of our fulfillment centers in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania and Dallas, Texas (the Bethlehem and Dallas Closures ). During fiscal 2023, we recorded the following related to this action: 
 million of restructuring charges related to severance and employee-related benefits. We expect substantially all of these cash payments to be completed by the end of the quarter ending April 27, 2024, and 
 million of accelerated depreciation expense and other restructuring costs. 
 Related to the Bethlehem and Dallas Closures, we estimate that we will incur between million and million in additional cash restructuring charges, primarily consisting of severance and employee-related benefits, and to a lesser extent, transportation costs to redistribute inventory to other fulfillment centers and other closure costs. We expect these expenses will be incurred over the first three fiscal quarters of fiscal 2024, with substantially all of these cash payments to be completed by the end of the third fiscal quarter ending April 27, 2024. 
 Additionally, in June 2023, we also announced that we would enter a consultation period, in accordance with UK law, to explore exiting the market in the UK. On August 24, 2023, we ended the consultation period, and made the decision to exit our business and wind down our operations in the UK. During fiscal 2023, we recorded the following related to this action: 
 million liability to account for losses expected to arise from firm purchase commitments for future receipts of inventory in the UK; 
 million of asset impairment charges related to the property and equipment in the UK; and 
 million specific inventory reserve to record anticipated losses on inventory in the UK at the lower of cost or net realizable value, based on projected sales through the exit of this business. 
 Related to the UK exit, we estimate that we will incur additional cash restructuring charges between million and million, which primarily represent severance and employee-related benefits and the related taxes. We expect these expenses to be incurred over the next two fiscal quarters, with substantially all of these cash payments to be completed by the end of the second fiscal quarter ending January 27, 2024. 
 Other (4) 
 Non-cash restructuring charges: 
 Asset impairments (1, 2) 
 Accelerated depreciation (1) 
 Inventory impairment (3) 
 Other (1) 
 Total restructuring 
 (1) Recognized in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (2) Fiscal 2023 includes impairments of both operating lease right-of-use assets and property and equipment. 
 (3) Recognized in cost of goods sold on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 
 (4) Primarily comprised of losses expected to arise from firm purchase commitments for future receipts of inventory. 

68 

Charges incurred Cash payments ) Balance at July 29, 2023 

14. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of July 29, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of July 29, 2023. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on evaluation under these criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 29, 2023. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and, as part of the audit, has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 29, 2023, which is included under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes during the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023 in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 An effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or overriding of controls, and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 

69 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information required by this item regarding directors and director nominees, executive officers, the Board of Directors and its committees, certain corporate governance matters, and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Proposal 1: Election of Directors, Executive Officers, and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 
 We have adopted a written code of business conduct and ethics Code of Conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Conduct is available on our corporate website at https://investors.stitchfix.com under Documents under the section entitled Governance. If we make any substantive amendments to our Code of Conduct or grant any of our directors or executive officers any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of our Code of Conduct, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information required by this item regarding executive compensation is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and Director Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information required by this item regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation Equity Compensation Plan Information in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information required by this item regarding certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the captions Transactions with Related Persons and Indemnification and Proposal 1: Election of Directors Independence of the Board in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 Information required by this item regarding principal accounting fees and services is incorporated by reference to the information set forth under the caption Proposal 3: Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

70 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (1) The financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (2) The financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (3) The exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report. 
 
 71 

Exhibit Index Incorporation by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38291 3.1 11/21/2017 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38291 3.1 6/27/2023 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-221014 4.1 11/6/2017 4.2 Form of Class B Common Stock Certificate. 
 S-8 333-221650 4.6 11/17/2017 4.3 Description of Class A Common Stock. 
 10-K 001-38291 4.3 9/25/2020 10.1 Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated April 10, 2014. 
 S-1 333-221014 10.1 10/19/2017 10.2 + Stitch Fix, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 333-221014 10.2 10/19/2017 10.3 + Forms of grant notice, stock option agreement, notice of exercise and early exercise stock purchase agreement under the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-1 333-221014 10.3 10/19/2017 10.4 + Stitch Fix, Inc. 2017 Incentive Plan, as amended. 
 S-8 
 333-267543 
 99.1 
 9/21/2022 10.5+ 
 Forms of stock option grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2017 Incentive Plan. 
 X 
 10.6 
 Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement for Vice Presidents and above under the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2017 Incentive Plan. 
 X 
 10.7 
 Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2017 Incentive Plan. 
 X 
 10.8+ 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan, as amended. 
 S-8 333-264376 
 99.1 
 4/19/2022 10.9+ 
 Forms of stock option grant notice, stock option agreement and notice of exercise under the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan. 
 X 
 10.10+ 
 Forms of restricted stock unit grant notice and award agreement under the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan. 
 X 
 10.11 + 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement entered into by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and each director and executive officer. 
 S-1 333-221014 10.7 10/19/2017 10.12 + 
 Independent Director Compensation Policy 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.1 3/9/2021 10.13+ 
 O ffer Letter by and between Matt Baer and Stitch Fix, Inc ., dated J une 9, 2023. 
 X 
 10.14 + 
 Offer Letter, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Katrina Lake, dated September 5, 2017. 
 S-1 333-221014 10.8 10/19/2017 10.15 + 
 Chief Executive Officer Offer Letter, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Katrina Lake, dated January 4, 2023. 
 10-Q 
 001-38291 
 10.2 
 3/8/2023 10.16 + 
 Amended and Restated Offer Letter, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Scott Darling, dated September 5, 2017. 
 S-1 333-221014 10.11 10/19/2017 10.17 + 
 Separation Agreement, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Scott Darling, dated October 6, 2022. 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.1 
 3/8/2023 10.18 + 
 Offer Letter, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Elizabeth Spaulding, dated June 23, 2021 . 
 10-K 001-38291 10.18 9/27/2021 10.19 + 
 Separation Agreement, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Elizabeth Spaulding, dated January 5, 2023. 
 10-Q 
 001-38291 
 10.3 
 3/8/2023 
 72 

Incorporation by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 10.20 + 
 Offer Letter, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Dan Jedda, dated October 29, 2020. 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.1 12/8/2020 10.21 + 
 Offer Letter, by and between Sachin Dhawan and Stitch Fix, Inc., dated December 20, 2021. 
 10-K 
 001-38291 10.19 
 9/21/2023 10.22+ 
 S eparation Agreement between Sachin D hawan and S t i t ch Fix, Inc., dated July 20 , 2 023. 
 X 
 10.23 + 
 Chief Financial Officer Offer Letter, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and David Aufderhaar, dated April 4, 2023. 
 10-Q 
 001-38291 10.1 
 6/7/2023 10.24 
 Office Lease, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Post-Montgomery Associates, dated as of November 10, 2015, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-221014 10.12 11/6/2017 10.25 
 First Amendment to Original Office Lease, executed February 22, 2016, between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Post-Montgomery Associates. 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.1 3/13/2018 10.26 
 Second Amendment to Original Office Lease, executed September 6, 2017, between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Post-Montgomery Associates. 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.2 3/13/2018 10.27 
 Third Amendment to the Office Lease, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Post-Montgomery Associates, dated as of January 29, 2018. 
 8-K 001-38291 10.1 2/2/2018 10.28 
 Fourth Amendment to the Office Lease, by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. and Post-Montgomery Associates, dated as of June 4, 2018. 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.2 6/8/2018 10.29 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and between, Stitch Fix, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank, dated June 2, 2021. 
 10-Q 001-38291 10.1 6/8/2021 10.30 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and between, Stitch Fix, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank, dated July 29, 2022. 
 10-K 
 001-38291 10.26 
 9/21/2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 X 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm. 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 
 73 

Incorporation by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed or Furnished Herewith 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 + Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Document has been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is incorporated herein by reference herein. 
 The certification attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompanying this Annual Report is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Stitch Fix, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 74 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. Date: September 20, 2023 By: /s/ David Aufderhaar David Aufderhaar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Sarah Barkema Sarah Barkema Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 

75 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Matt Baer, David Aufderhaar, Sarah Barkema, and Casey O Connor, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution for him or her, and in his or her name in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and either of them, his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name 
 Title 
 Date 
 /s/ Matt Baer Chief Executive Officer and Director September 20, 2023 Matt Baer Principal Executive Officer 
 /s/ David Aufderhaar Chief Financial Officer September 20, 2023 David Aufderhaar Principal Financial Officer 
 /s/ Sarah Barkema Chief Accounting Officer September 20, 2023 Sarah Barkema Principal Accounting Officer 
 /s/ Kofi Amoo-Gottfried Director September 20, 2023 Kofi Amoo-Gottfried /s/ Steven Anderson Director September 20, 2023 Steven Anderson /s/ J. William Gurley Director September 20, 2023 J. William Gurley /s/ Katrina Lake Founder and Director September 20, 2023 Katrina Lake /s/ Sharon McCollam Director September 20, 2023 Sharon McCollam /s/ Neal Mohan Director September 20, 2023 Neal Mohan /s/ Elizabeth Williams Director September 20, 2023 Elizabeth Williams 
 
 76 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 q423-ex105.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 
 Exhibit 10.5 

 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Stock Option Grant Notice (2017 Incentive Plan) 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2017 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock Common Stock set forth below. This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Stock Option Grant Notice, in the Option Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Option Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Option Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 
 
 Optionholder Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Shares Subject to Option Exercise Price (Per Share) Expiration Date 
 
 Type of Grant 
 Exercise Schedule Same as Vesting Schedule 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Payment By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Option Agreement) 
 By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 Pursuant to a Regulation T Program if the shares are publicly traded 
 By delivery of already-owned shares if the shares are publicly traded 
 If and only to the extent this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and subject to the Company s consent at the time of exercise, by a net exercise arrangement 
 
 1 

Additional Terms Acknowledgements Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan. Optionholder acknowledges and agrees that this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan. Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding this option award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of, if applicable, (i) equity awards previously granted and delivered to Optionholder, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment agreement, severance agreement, offer letter or other written agreement entered into between the Company and Participant specifying the terms that should govern this specific option. By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 By 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 Optionholder 
 
 Signature 
 Date 

Attachment I Quarterly Vesting Dates 
 Attachment II Option Agreement 
 Attachment III Notice of Exercise 

2 

Attachment II 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Option Agreement 
 (2017 Incentive Plan) (Incentive Stock Option or Nonstatutory Stock Option) 
 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement, Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 2017 Incentive Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows 
 1. Vesting. Subject to the provisions contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 
 2. Number of Shares and Exercise Price. The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share in your Grant Notice will be adjusted for Capitalization Adjustments. 
 3. Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees. If you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended (that is, a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant, even if you have already been an employee for more than six (6) months. Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, you may exercise your option as to any vested portion prior to such six (6) month anniversary in the case of (i) your death or disability, (ii) a Corporate Transaction in which your option is not assumed, continued or substituted, (iii) a Change in Control or (iv) your termination of Continuous Service on your retirement (as defined in the Company s benefit plans). 
 4. Method of Payment. You must pay the full amount of the exercise price for the shares you wish to exercise. You may pay the exercise price in cash or by check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company or in any other manner permitted by your Grant Notice, which may include one or more of the following 
 (a) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. This manner of payment is also known as a broker-assisted exercise , same day sale , or sell to cover . 
 (b) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, will include delivery to the Company of your 
 3 

attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. You may not exercise your option by delivery to the Company of Common Stock if doing so would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock. 
 (c) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise, by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price. You must pay any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by the net exercise in cash or other permitted form of payment. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter if those shares (i) are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (ii) are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (iii) are withheld to satisfy your tax withholding obligations. 
 5. Whole Shares. You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 6. Securities Law Compliance. In no event may you exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if not registered, the Company has determined that your exercise and the issuance of the shares would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with all other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations (including any restrictions on exercise required for compliance with Treas. Reg. 1.401(k)-1(d)(3), if applicable). 
 7. Term. You may not exercise your option before the Date of Grant or after the expiration of the option s term. The term of your option expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following 
 (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause 
 (b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or your death (except as otherwise provided in Section 8(d) below) provided, however, that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above regarding Securities Law Compliance, your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service provided further, if during any part of such three (3) month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option will not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant, and (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, and (y) the Expiration Date 
 (c) twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability (except as otherwise provided in Section 7(d)) below 
 (d) eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause 
 4 

(e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice or 
 (f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
 If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the Date of Grant and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or an Affiliate, except in the event of your death or Disability. The Company has provided for extended exercisability of your option under certain circumstances for your benefit but cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services to the Company or an Affiliate as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or an Affiliate terminates. 
 8. Exercise. 
 (a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option (and the unvested portion of your option if your Grant Notice so permits) during its term by (i) delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) or completing such other documents and or procedures designated by the Company for exercise and (ii) paying the exercise price and any applicable withholding taxes to the Company s Secretary, stock plan administrator, or such other person as the Company may designate, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 
 (b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (i) the exercise of your option, (ii) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (iii) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. 
 (c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two (2) years after the Date of Grant or within one (1) year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 
 9. Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9, your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
 (a) Certain Trusts. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust. You and the trustee must enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. 
 (b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement 
 5 

agreement. If this option is an Incentive Stock Option, this option may be deemed to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option as a result of such transfer. 
 (c) Beneficiary Designation. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company and any broker designated by the Company to handle option exercises, designate a third party who, on your death, will thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 
 10. Option not a Service Contract. Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option will be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option will obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, boards of directors, officers or employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 
 11. Withholding Obligations. 
 (a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, and at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. 
 (b) If this option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, then upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the maximum amount of tax required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid classification of your option as a liability for financial accounting purposes). Notwithstanding the filing of such election, shares of Common Stock shall be withheld solely from fully vested shares of Common Stock determined as of the date of exercise of your option that are otherwise issuable to you upon such exercise. Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility. 
 (c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company will have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein, if applicable, unless such obligations are satisfied. 
 12. Tax Consequences . You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. 
 6 

13. Forfeiture, Recoupment . 
 (a) In connection with your commencement of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you signed an agreement(s) that contained obligations regarding arbitration, confidential information, invention assignment, and at-will employment New Hire Agreement ). The New Hire Agreement includes, among other terms, a covenant that applies during your employment and for the one-year period following your termination of employment for any reason, and prohibits you from, directly or indirectly, soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any person known to you to be an employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Company, its subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, successors and assigns to terminate his or her relationship with such entity Non-Solicitation Covenant ). The Board may determine that the option shall be forfeited or reduced if you breach the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (b) If the Board determines that you have breached the Non-Solicitation Covenant, the Board may, in its discretion, require you to return to the Company any Common Stock received upon exercise of the option. If you have disposed of the Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the option, then the Company may require you to pay to the Company the economic value of the Common Stock as of the date of disposition. The Company shall exercise the right of forfeiture and recoupment provided to the Company in this Section 13 within 12 months after the Company s discovery of the breach of the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (c) The remedies provided in this Section 13 shall be in addition to any legal or equitable remedies existing at law or provided for in any other agreement between you and the Company or any of its Affiliates, including, but not limited to, the New Hire Agreement, and shall not be construed as a limitation upon, or as an alternative or in lieu of, any such remedies. 
 (d) In addition, your option (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your option) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 14. Notices. Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan will be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 15. Governing Plan Document. Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will control. 
 16. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt of and the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy 
 7 

permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain window periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 
 17. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of this option will not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating your benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit plans. 
 18. Voting Rights. You will not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this option until such shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this option, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 19. Severability. If all or any part of this Option Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Option Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Option Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 20. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option will be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option. 
 (c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option, and fully understand all provisions of your option. 
 (d) This Option Agreement will be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 (e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Option Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 

This Option Agreement will be deemed to be signed by you upon the signing by you of the Stock Option Grant Notice to which it is attached. 

8 

9 

Attachment III 
 Notice of Exercise (use of this notice of Exercise is not necessary if Optionholder exercises via the company s online stock plan management system) 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 1 Montgomery St, Suite 1500 
 San Francisco, California 94104 

Date of Exercise _______________ 
 
 This constitutes notice to Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Shares for the price set forth below. 
 Type of option (check one) Incentive 
 Nonstatutory 
 Stock option dated _______________ _______________ Number of Shares as to which option is exercised _______________ _______________ Certificates to be issued in name of _______________ _______________ Total exercise price ______________ ______________ Cash payment delivered herewith ______________ ______________ 
 Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith 1 
 ______________ ______________ Value of ________ Shares pursuant to net exercise 2 
 ______________ ______________ Regulation T Program (cashless exercise) 3 
 ______________ ______________ 

1 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. Shares must be valued in accordance with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests. Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate. 
 2 The option must be a Nonstatutory Stock Option, and the Company must have established net exercise procedures at the time of exercise, in order to utilize this payment method. 
 3 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. 
 1 

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2017 Incentive Plan, (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option, and (iii) if this exercise relates to an incentive stock option, to notify you in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the Shares issued upon exercise of this option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of grant of this option or within one (1) year after such Shares are issued upon exercise of this option. 
 
 Very truly yours, 

2 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 q423-ex106.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (2017 Incentive Plan) 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2017 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby awards to Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award Restricted Stock Units or RSUs for the number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock Common Stock set forth below (the Award ). The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice of grant (this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice ), and in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice or the Award Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 Participant 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date VCD 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 1 

Vesting Schedule 
 
 Issuance Schedule Subject to any Capitalization Adjustment, one share of Common Stock (or its cash equivalent, at the discretion of the Company) will be issued for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Additional Terms Acknowledgements Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Award specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of this Award, with the exception, if applicable, of (i) restricted stock unit awards or options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) the written employment agreement, offer letter or other written agreement entered into between the Company and Participant specifying the terms that should govern this specific Award, and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law. 
 By accepting this Award, Participant acknowledges having received and read the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan and agrees to all of the terms and conditions set forth in these documents. Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. Participant 
 
 By 
 Signature Signature 
 Title Date 
 Date 
 Attachments Quarterly RSU Vesting Dates and Award Agreement 

1 Please note that the Company will withhold shares when you vest to cover federal and state statutory minimum taxes. As you may be subject to additional taxes, we recommend you consult with a tax professional to understand your tax obligations. 

Exhibit 10.6 

 Attachment II 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 2017 Incentive Plan 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company has awarded you Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award pursuant to the Company s 2017 Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of Restricted Stock Units shares indicated in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or the Grant Notice shall have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. The terms of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice, are as follows. 
 1. Grant of the Award. This Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 below) as indicated in the Grant Notice. As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the Account the number of Restricted Stock Units shares of Common Stock subject to the Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to issue you the cash equivalent of Common Stock, in part or in full satisfaction of the delivery of Common Stock in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, and, to the extent applicable, references in this Agreement and the Grant Notice to Common Stock issuable in connection with your Restricted Stock Units will include the potential issuance of its cash equivalent pursuant to such right. This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company. 
 2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service and the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such Award or the shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award. 
 3. Number of Shares. The number of Restricted Stock Units subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. Any additional Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units and shares covered by your Award. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created pursuant to this Section 3. Any fraction of a share will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 4. Securities Law Compliance . You may not be issued any Common Stock under your Award unless the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units are either (i) then registered under the Securities Act, or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you shall not receive such Common Stock if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 5. Transfer Restrictions . Prior to the time that shares of Common Stock have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of this Award or the shares issuable in respect of your Award, except as expressly provided in this Section 5. For example, you may not use shares that may be issued in respect of your Restricted Stock Units as security for a loan. The restrictions on transfer set forth herein will lapse upon delivery to you of shares in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units. 
 (a) Death . Your Award is transferable by will and by the laws of descent and distribution. At your death, vesting of your Award will cease and your executor or administrator of your estate shall be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, any Common Stock or other consideration that vested but was not issued before your death. 

Exhibit 10.6 

 (b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your right to receive the distribution of Common Stock or other consideration hereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order, marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by applicable law that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this Award with the Company General Counsel prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to verify that you may make such transfer, and if so, to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. 
 6. Date of Issuance. 
 (a) The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Withholding Obligation set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 above, and subject to any different provisions in the Grant Notice). Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original Issuance Date . 
 (b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if 
 (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company's policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement )), and 
 (ii) either (1) a Withholding Obligation does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Withholding Obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) and (C) not to permit you to pay your Withholding Obligation in cash, 
 then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 (c) The form of delivery e.g. , a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
 7. Forfeiture, Recoupment . 
 (a) In connection with your commencement of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you signed an agreement(s) that contained obligations regarding arbitration, confidential information, invention assignment, and at-will employment New Hire Agreement ). The New Hire Agreement includes, among other terms, a covenant that applies during your employment and for the one-year period following your termination of employment for any reason, and prohibits you from, directly or indirectly, soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any person known to you to be an employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Company, its subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, successors and assigns to terminate his or her relationship with such entity Non- 

Exhibit 10.6 

 Solicitation Covenant ). The Board may determine that the Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited or reduced if you breach the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (b) If the Board determines that you have breached the Non-Solicitation Covenant, the Board may, in its discretion, require you to return to the Company any Common Stock or cash received in settlement of Restricted Stock Units. If you have disposed of the Common Stock acquired in settlement of Restricted Stock Units, then the Company may require you to pay to the Company the economic value of the Common Stock as of the date of disposition. The Company shall exercise the right of forfeiture and recoupment provided to the Company in this Section 7 within 12 months after the Company s discovery of the breach of the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (c) The remedies provided in this Section 7 shall be in addition to any legal or equitable remedies existing at law or provided for in any other agreement between you and the Company or any of its Affiliates, including, but not limited to, the New Hire Agreement, and shall not be construed as a limitation upon, or as an alternative or in lieu of, any such remedies. 
 (d) In addition, your Award (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 8. Dividends. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment provided, however, that this sentence will not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
 9. Restrictive Legends. The shares of Common Stock issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends as determined by the Company. 
 10. Execution of Documents. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your Award. 
 11. Award not a Service Contract . 
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award or the issuance of the shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ or service of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
 (b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice may not be earned unless (in addition to any other conditions described in the Grant Notice and this Agreement) you continue as an employee, director or consultant at the will of the Company and affiliate, as applicable (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a reorganization ). You acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the 

Exhibit 10.6 

 termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with the Company s right to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without your cause or notice, or to conduct a reorganization. 
 12. Withholding Obligation. 
 (a) On each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares of Common Stock in respect of your Restricted Stock Units, and at any other time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with applicable tax laws, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and or otherwise agree to make adequate provision, including in cash, for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate that arise in connection with your Award (the Withholding Obligation ). 
 (b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the Company or any Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Obligation relating to your Restricted Stock Units by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing you to pay any portion of the Withholding Obligation in cash (ii) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company (iii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Obligation provided, however, that the number of such shares of Common Stock so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Withholding Obligation using the maximum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income and provided , further, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee and or (iv) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer ), pursuant to this authorization and without further consent, whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Withholding Obligation and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Obligation directly to the Company and or its Affiliates. Unless the Withholding Obligation is satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock or any other consideration pursuant to this Award. 
 (c) In the event the Withholding Obligation arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Withholding Obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
 13. Tax Consequences. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and shall not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. You understand that you (and not the Company) shall be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 14. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, 

Exhibit 10.6 

 shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 15. Notices . Any notice or request required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this Award, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 16. Headings . The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 
 17. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable by the Company to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Company s successors and assigns. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
 (c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
 (d) This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 (e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 
 18. Governing Plan Document . Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. 
 19. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating benefits under any employee benefit plan (other than the Plan) sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any or all of the employee benefit plans of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 20. Severability . If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 21. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain window periods and the Company's insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 

Exhibit 10.6 

 22. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment materially adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein. 
 23. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code, including but not limited to by reason of complying with the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Award shall comply with Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. If it is determined that the Award is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and you are a Specified Employee (within the meaning set forth in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) as of the date of your Separation from Service (as defined in Section 409A), then the issuance of any shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of your Separation from Service or within the first six (6) months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service, with the balance of the shares issued thereafter in accordance with the original vesting and issuance schedule set forth above, but if and only if such delay in the issuance of the shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of adverse taxation on you in respect of the shares under Section 409A of the Code. Each installment of shares that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 

This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be deemed to be signed by the Company and the Participant upon the signing by the Participant of the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice to which it is attached. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 q423-ex107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (2017 Incentive Plan) 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2017 Incentive Plan (the Plan ), hereby awards to Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award Restricted Stock Units or RSUs for the number of shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock Common Stock set forth below (the Award ). The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice of grant (this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice ), and in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms in this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice or the Award Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 Participant 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date VCD 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 1 

Vesting Schedule 
 
 Issuance Schedule Subject to any Capitalization Adjustment, one share of Common Stock (or its cash equivalent, at the discretion of the Company) will be issued for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Additional Terms Acknowledgements Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Award specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of this Award, with the exception, if applicable, of (i) restricted stock unit awards or options previously granted and delivered to Participant, (ii) the written employment agreement, offer letter or other written agreement entered into between the Company and Participant specifying the terms that should govern this specific Award, and (iii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law. 
 By accepting this Award, Participant acknowledges having received and read the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan and agrees to all of the terms and conditions set forth in these documents. Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. Participant 
 By _______________________________________ 
 Signature Signature 
 Title Date 
 Date 
 Attachments Quarterly RSU Vesting Dates and Award Agreement 

1 Please note that the Company will withhold shares when you vest to cover federal and state statutory minimum taxes. As you may be subject to additional taxes, we recommend you consult with a tax professional to understand your tax obligations. 

Attachment II 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 2017 Incentive Plan 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company has awarded you Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award pursuant to the Company s 2017 Incentive Plan (the Plan for the number of Restricted Stock Units shares indicated in the Grant Notice. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or the Grant Notice shall have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. The terms of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice, are as follows. 
 1. Grant of the Award. This Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 below) as indicated in the Grant Notice. As of the Date of Grant, the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the Account the number of Restricted Stock Units shares of Common Stock subject to the Award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to issue you the cash equivalent of Common Stock, in part or in full satisfaction of the delivery of Common Stock in connection with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, and, to the extent applicable, references in this Agreement and the Grant Notice to Common Stock issuable in connection with your Restricted Stock Units will include the potential issuance of its cash equivalent pursuant to such right. This Award was granted in consideration of your services to the Company. 
 2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice. Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service and the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that were not vested on the date of such termination will be forfeited at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such Award or the shares of Common Stock to be issued in respect of such portion of the Award. 
 3. Number of Shares. The number of Restricted Stock Units subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. Any additional Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that becomes subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3, if any, shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units and shares covered by your Award. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created pursuant to this Section 3. Any fraction of a share will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 4. Securities Law Compliance . You may not be issued any Common Stock under your Award unless the shares of Common Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units are either (i) then registered under the Securities Act, or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award must also comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you shall not receive such Common Stock if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 5. Transfer Restrictions . Prior to the time that shares of Common Stock have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of this Award or the shares issuable in respect of your Award, except as expressly provided in this Section 5. For example, you may not use shares that may be issued in respect of your Restricted Stock Units as security for a loan. The restrictions on transfer set forth herein will lapse upon delivery to you of shares in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units. 
 (a) Death . Your Award is transferable by will and by the laws of descent and distribution. At your death, vesting of your Award will cease and your executor or administrator of your estate shall be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, any Common Stock or other consideration that vested but was not issued before your death. 

(b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your right to receive the distribution of Common Stock or other consideration hereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order, marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by applicable law that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this Award with the Company General Counsel prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to verify that you may make such transfer, and if so, to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. 
 6. Date of Issuance. 
 (a) The issuance of shares in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner. Subject to the satisfaction of the Withholding Obligation set forth in Section 11 of this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s) (subject to any adjustment under Section 3 above, and subject to any different provisions in the Grant Notice). Each issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as an Original Issuance Date . 
 (b) If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. In addition, if 
 (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established written trading plan that meets the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act and was entered into in compliance with the Company's policies (a 10b5-1 Arrangement )), and 
 (ii) either (1) a Withholding Obligation does not apply, or (2) the Company decides, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (A) not to satisfy the Withholding Obligation by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (B) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 11 of this Agreement (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 Arrangement) and (C) not to permit you to pay your Withholding Obligation in cash, 
 then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if and only if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), no later than the date that is the 15th day of the third calendar month of the applicable year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 (c) The form of delivery e.g. , a stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) shall be determined by the Company. 
 7. Dividends. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment provided, however, that this sentence will not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
 8. Restrictive Legends. The shares of Common Stock issued in respect of your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends as determined by the Company. 

9. Execution of Documents. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your Award. 
 10. Award not a Service Contract . 
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award or the issuance of the shares in respect of your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ or service of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
 (b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award pursuant to the vesting schedule provided in the Grant Notice may not be earned unless (in addition to any other conditions described in the Grant Notice and this Agreement) you continue as an employee, director or consultant at the will of the Company and affiliate, as applicable (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems appropriate (a reorganization ). You acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of your employer and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement, including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement, the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth herein or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an employee or consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and shall not interfere in any way with the Company s right to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without your cause or notice, or to conduct a reorganization. 
 11. Withholding Obligation. 
 (a) On each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares of Common Stock in respect of your Restricted Stock Units, and at any other time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with applicable tax laws, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and or otherwise agree to make adequate provision, including in cash, for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate that arise in connection with your Award (the Withholding Obligation ). 
 (b) By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the Company or any Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Obligation relating to your Restricted Stock Units by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing you to pay any portion of the Withholding Obligation in cash (ii) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company (iii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued pursuant to Section 6) equal to the amount of such Withholding Obligation provided, however, that the number of such shares of Common Stock so withheld will not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy the Withholding Obligation using the maximum statutory withholding rates for federal, state, local and foreign tax purposes, including payroll taxes, that are applicable to supplemental taxable income and provided , further, that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Board or the Company s Compensation Committee and or (iv) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment, if applicable, with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer ), pursuant to this authorization and without further consent, whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered in connection with your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the 

Withholding Obligation and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Obligation directly to the Company and or its Affiliates. Unless the Withholding Obligation is satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock or any other consideration pursuant to this Award. 
 (c) In the event the Withholding Obligation arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Withholding Obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
 12. Tax Consequences. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and shall not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. You understand that you (and not the Company) shall be responsible for your own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 
 13. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you pursuant to Section 6 of this Agreement. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 14. Notices . Any notice or request required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing (including electronically) and will be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this Award, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 15. Headings . The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this Agreement or to affect the meaning of this Agreement. 
 16. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable by the Company to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the Company s successors and assigns. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
 (c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
 (d) This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 (e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 

17. Governing Plan Document . Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Your Award (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 18. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating benefits under any employee benefit plan (other than the Plan) sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any or all of the employee benefit plans of the Company or any Affiliate. 
 19. Severability . If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 20. Other Documents . You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain window periods and the Company's insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 
 21. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment materially adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the Award as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein. 
 22. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . This Award is intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code, including but not limited to by reason of complying with the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Award shall comply with Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. If it is determined that the Award is deferred compensation subject to Section 409A and you are a Specified Employee (within the meaning set forth in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) as of the date of your Separation from Service (as defined in Section 409A), then the issuance of any shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of your Separation from Service or within the first six (6) months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service, with the balance of the shares issued thereafter in accordance with the original vesting and issuance schedule set forth above, but if and only if such delay in the issuance of the shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of adverse taxation on you in respect of the shares under Section 409A of the Code. Each installment of shares that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 

This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement shall be deemed to be signed by the Company and the Participant upon the signing by the Participant of the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice to which it is attached. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.9>
 5
 q423-ex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 

Exhibit 10.9 

 Stitch Fix, Inc. Stock Option Grant Notice (2019 Inducement Plan) 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Inducement Plan (the Plan ), hereby grants to Optionholder an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock set forth below. This option is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice, in the Option Agreement, the Plan and the Notice of Exercise, all of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein but defined in the Plan or the Option Agreement will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Option Agreement. If there is any conflict between the terms in this notice and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. 
 
 Optionholder Date of Grant Vesting Commencement Date Number of Shares Subject to Option Exercise Price (Per Share) Expiration Date 
 
 Type of Grant Nonstatutory Stock Option 
 Vesting Schedule 
 Payment By one or a combination of the following items (described in the Option Agreement) 
 By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 Pursuant to a Regulation T Program 
 By delivery of already-owned shares 
 Subject to the Company s consent at the time of exercise, by a net exercise arrangement 
 
 1 

Additional Terms Acknowledgements Optionholder acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan. Optionholder acknowledges and agrees that this Stock Option Grant Notice and the Option Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in the Plan. Optionholder further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Stock Option Grant Notice, the Option Agreement, and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Optionholder and the Company regarding this option award and supersede all prior oral and written agreements, promises and or representations on that subject with the exception of (i) options previously granted and delivered to Optionholder, (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law and (iii) any written employment or severance arrangement that would provide for vesting acceleration of this option upon the terms and conditions set forth therein. 
 By accepting this option, Optionholder consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 By 
 Signature 
 Title 
 Date 
 Optionholder 
 
 Signature 
 Date 
 
 Attachment I Quarterly Vesting Dates 
 Attachment II Option Agreement 
 Attachment III 2019 Inducement Plan 
 Attachment IV Notice of Exercise 

2 

ATTACHMENT II 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan Option Agreement (Nonstatutory Stock Option) 
 Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice Grant Notice and this Option Agreement (the Agreement ), Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company has granted you an option under its 2019 Inducement Plan (the Plan to purchase the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. 
 The option is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the Date of Grant ). The option is granted in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) as a material inducement to you entering into employment with the Company. 
 If there is any conflict between the terms in this Option Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Option Agreement or in the Grant Notice but defined in the Plan will have the same definitions as in the Plan. 
 The details of your option, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows 
 1. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 
 2. Number of Shares and Exercise Price. The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share referenced in your Grant Notice may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments. 
 3. Exercise Restriction for Non-Exempt Employees. In the event that you are an Employee eligible for overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended i.e. , a Non-Exempt Employee ), and except as otherwise provided in the Plan, you may not exercise your option until you have completed at least six (6) months of Continuous Service measured from the Date of Grant specified in your Grant Notice, notwithstanding any other provision of your option. 
 4. Method of Payment. Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option. You may elect to make payment of the exercise price in any of the following methods 
 (a) By cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company. 
 (b) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of Common Stock, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds. 
 3 

(c) Provided that at the time of exercise the Common Stock is publicly traded, by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of already-owned shares of Common Stock that are owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, and that are valued at Fair Market Value on the date of exercise. Delivery for these purposes, in the sole discretion of the Company at the time you exercise your option, shall include delivery to the Company of your attestation of ownership of such shares of Common Stock in a form approved by the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not exercise your option by tender to the Company of Common Stock to the extent such tender would violate the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company s stock. 
 (d) Subject to the consent of the Company at the time of exercise , by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price provided, however , that the Company shall accept a cash or other payment from you to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued provided further, however, that shares of Common Stock will no longer be outstanding under your option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (1) shares are used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (2) shares are delivered to you as a result of such exercise, and (3) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations. 
 5. Whole Shares. You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 
 6. Securities Law Compliance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, you may not exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if such shares of Common Stock are not then so registered, the Company has determined that such exercise and issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 7. Term. You may not exercise your option before the commencement or after the expiration of its term. The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires, subject to the provisions of Section 5(h) of the Plan, upon the earliest of the following 
 (a) immediately upon the termination of your Continuous Service for Cause 
 (b) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service for any reason other than Cause, your Disability or death (except as otherwise provided in (d) below), provided that if during any part of such three (3) month period your option is not exercisable solely because of the condition set forth in the section above relating to Securities Law Compliance, your option shall not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it shall have been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service provided further, if during any part of such three (3) month period, the sale of any Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then your option will not expire until the earlier of the Expiration Date or until it has been exercisable for an aggregate period of three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of your option would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy. and if (i) you are a Non-Exempt Employee, (ii) your Continuous Service terminates within six (6) months after the Date of Grant specified in your Grant Notice, and (iii) you have vested in a portion of your 
 4 

option at the time of your termination of Continuous Service, your option shall not expire until the earlier of (x) the later of (A) the date that is seven (7) months after the Date of Grant specified in your Grant Notice or (B) the date that is three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service, or (y) the Expiration Date 
 (c) twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service due to your Disability 
 (d) eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than Cause 
 (e) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice or 
 (f) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
 8. Exercise. 
 (a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) together with the exercise price to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 
 (b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (1) the exercise of your option, (2) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (3) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. 
 9. Transferability. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 9, your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. 
 (a) Certain Trusts. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may transfer your option to a trust if you are considered to be the sole beneficial owner (determined under Section 671 of the Code and applicable state law) while the option is held in the trust, provided that you and the trustee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company. 
 (b) Domestic Relations Orders. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your option pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument as permitted by Treasury Regulation 1.421-1(b)(2) that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this option with the Company prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. 
 (c) Beneficiary Designation. Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form provided by or otherwise satisfactory to the Company and any broker designated by the 
 5 

Company to effect option exercises, designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise this option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, your executor or administrator of your estate shall be entitled to exercise this option and receive, on behalf of your estate, the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. 
 10. Option not a Service Contract. Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option shall obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, Boards of Directors, Officers or Employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 
 11. Withholding Obligations. 
 (a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a same day sale pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. 
 (b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and in compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise. 
 (c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock unless such obligations are satisfied. 
 12. Tax Consequences. You hereby agree that the Company does not have a duty to design or administer the Plan or its other compensation programs in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. You shall not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates related to tax liabilities arising from your option or your other compensation. In particular, you acknowledge that this option is exempt from Section 409A of the Code only if the exercise price per share specified in the Grant Notice is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the Common Stock on the Date of Grant and there is no other impermissible deferral of compensation associated with the option. 
 13. Forfeiture, Recoupment . 
 (a) In connection with your commencement of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you signed an agreement(s) that contained obligations regarding arbitration, confidential information, invention assignment, and at-will employment New Hire Agreement ). The New Hire Agreement includes, among other terms, a covenant that applies during your employment and for the one-year period following your termination of employment for any reason, and prohibits you from, directly or indirectly, soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any person known to you to be an employee, consultant or independent contractor 
 6 

of the Company, its subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, successors and assigns to terminate his or her relationship with such entity Non-Solicitation Covenant ). The Board may determine that the option shall be forfeited or reduced if you breach the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (b) If the Board determines that you have breached the Non-Solicitation Covenant, the Board may, in its discretion, require you to return to the Company any Common Stock received upon exercise of the option. If you have disposed of the Common Stock acquired upon exercise of the option, then the Company may require you to pay to the Company the economic value of the Common Stock as of the date of disposition. The Company shall exercise the right of forfeiture and recoupment provided to the Company in this Section 13 within 12 months after the Company s discovery of the breach of the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (c) The remedies provided in this Section 13 shall be in addition to any legal or equitable remedies existing at law or provided for in any other agreement between you and the Company or any of its Affiliates, including, but not limited to, the New Hire Agreement, and shall not be construed as a limitation upon, or as an alternative or in lieu of, any such remedies. 
 (d) In addition, your option (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your option) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 14. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain window periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 
 15. Notices. Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this option by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. By accepting this option, you consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 16. Governing Plan Document. Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 17. Execution of Documents. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your option. 
 7 

18. Unsecured Obligation. Your option is unfunded, and you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 19. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your option shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations under your option may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your option. 
 (c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your option in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your option, and fully understand all provisions of your option. 
 (d) This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 (e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 
 20. Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 21. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the option subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating the Employee s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit plans. 
 22. Choice of Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the state of Delaware without regard to such state s conflicts of laws rules. 
 23. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the 
 8 

Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the option which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein. 

9 

Attachment III 
 2019 Inducement Plan 

10 

Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Amended and Restated 2019 Inducement Plan 
 1. General. 
 (a) Eligible Award Recipients. The only persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are individuals who satisfy the standards for inducement grants under NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) or 5635(c)(3), if applicable, and the related guidance under NASDAQ IM 5635-1. A person who previously served as an Employee or Director will not be eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, other than following a bona fide period of non-employment. Persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are referred to in this Plan as Eligible Employees . These Awards must be approved by either a majority of the Company s Independent Directors (as such term is defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2)) or the Company s compensation committee, provided such committee comprises solely Independent Directors (the Independent Compensation Committee in order to comply with the exemption from the stockholder approval requirement for inducement grants provided under Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) and the related guidance under NASDAQ IM 5635-1 (and any analogous rules or guidance effective after the date hereof) are referred to in this Plan as the Inducement Award Rules . 
 (b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of Options and Restricted Stock Unit Awards. All Options shall be Nonstatutory Stock Options. Awards intended to qualify as stockholder-approved performance based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code may not be granted under this Plan. 
 (c) Purpose. This Plan, through the granting of Awards, is intended to provide (i) an inducement material for certain individuals to enter into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, (ii) incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and (iii) a means by which Eligible Employees may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards. 
 2. Administration. 
 (a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. Subject to those constraints and the other constraints of the Inducement Award Rules, the Board may delegate some of its powers of administration of the Plan to a Committee, as provided in Section 2(c). 
 (b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan and the Inducement Award Rules 
 (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Awards (B) when and how each Award will be granted (C) what type of Award will be granted (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Award (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, an Award and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a 
 11 

majority of the Company s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. 
 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 
 (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 
 (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued). 
 (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under his or her then-outstanding Award without his or her written consent. 
 (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and or to bring the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan into compliance therewith, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. Except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, if required by applicable law or listing requirements, the Company shall seek stockholder approval for any amendment of the Plan. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3 of Exchange Act or any successor rule. 
 (viii) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more outstanding Awards. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of an outstanding Award will materially impair that Participant s rights under his or her outstanding Award without his or her written consent. To be clear, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Board may amend the terms of an Award without the affected Participant s consent if necessary (A) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code, or (C) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements. 
 (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 
 (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by individuals who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States. 
 (c) Delegation to Committee. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, 
 12 

including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
 (d) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
 (e) Repricing Cancellation and Re-Grant of Awards. Neither the Board nor any Committee will have the authority to (i) reduce the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Option, or (ii) cancel any outstanding Option that has an exercise price or strike price greater than the current Fair Market Value of the Common Stock in exchange for cash or other Awards under the Plan, unless the stockholders of the Company have approved such an action within twelve (12) months prior to such an event. 
 3. Shares Subject to the Plan. 
 (a) Share Reserve. Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards from and after the Effective Date shall not exceed 10,750,000 shares. Shares may be issued under the terms of this Plan in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(3), NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. If an Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on an Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of an Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (c) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 
 4. Eligibility. 
 (a) Eligibility for Awards. Awards may only be granted to persons who are Eligible Employees described in Section 1(a) of the Plan, where the Award is an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with the Company or an Affiliate within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules or is otherwise permitted pursuant to Rule 5635(c) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, provided however, that Awards may not be granted to Eligible Employees who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock 
 13 

underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), or (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Awards are otherwise exempt from or comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (b) Approval Requirements. All Awards must be granted either by a majority of the Company s independent directors or the Independent Compensation Committee. 
 5. Provisions relating to Options. 
 Each Option will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be Nonstatutory Stock Options. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical provided, however , that each Option Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Option Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Term. No Option will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Option Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise Price. The exercise or strike price of each Option will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Purchase Price for Options. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows 
 (i) by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 (ii) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds 
 (iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock 
 (iv) by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price provided, however , that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are reduced to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) 
 14 

shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations or 
 (v) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (d) Transferability of Options. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options will apply 
 (i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided herein, an Option may not be transferred for consideration. 
 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order or official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument. 
 (iii) Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 
 (e) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The provisions of this Section are subject to any Option provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may be exercised. 
 (f) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate. 
 (g) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the 
 15 

Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of three months (that need not be consecutive) after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (h) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option (as applicable) will terminate. 
 (i) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate. 
 (j) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option will terminate upon the date on which the event giving rise to the termination for Cause first occurred, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option from and after the date on which the event giving rise to the termination for Cause first occurred (or, if required by law, the date of termination of Continuous Service). 
 (k) Non-Exempt Employees. If an Option is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six (6) months following the date of grant of the Option (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement in 
 16 

another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and or required for compliance with the Worker Economic Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section will apply to all Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Award Agreements. 
 6. Provisions Relating to Restricted Stock Unit Awards. 
 Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Consideration. At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 
 (b) Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
 (c) Payment. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 (d) Additional Restrictions. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 (e) Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 (f) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 17 

7. Covenants of the Company. 
 (a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards. 
 (b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Awards provided, however , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 
 (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award. 
 8. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 
 (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement. 
 (c) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 
 (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director 
 18 

pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 
 (e) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced. 
 (f) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. 
 (g) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 
 (h) Electronic Delivery. Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 
 (i) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an 
 19 

employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 
 (j) Compliance with Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six (6) months following the date of such Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six (6) month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (k) Clawback Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. 
 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock Other Corporate Events. 
 (a) Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a) and (ii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service provided, however , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and or no longer subject to repurchase or 
 20 

forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 (c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board will take one or more of the following actions with respect to Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction 
 (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Award or to substitute a similar award for the Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction) 
 (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) 
 (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board will determine (or, if the Board will not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction 
 (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Award 
 (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate and 
 (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero ) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn-outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. 
 The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. 
 (d) Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, the Board shall have the discretion to take any one or more of the actions set forth in Section 9(c)(i)-(vi) with respect to Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Change in Control provided, however , that for such purpose, the term Corporate Transaction in Section 9(c)(i)-(vi) will mean Change In Control. An Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Award Agreement for 
 21 

such Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. 
 10. Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 11. Effective Date of the Plan. 
 The Plan will come into existence on the Effective Date. No Award may be granted prior to the Effective Date. 
 12. Choice of Law. 
 The law of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below 
 (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (b) Award means a Nonstatutory Stock Option or a Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 (c) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 (f) Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term (and if there are multiple such agreements, the most recent) and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events (i) conviction (including a guilty plea or plea of nolo contendere) of any felony (ii) commission or attempted commission of or participation in a fraud or act of dishonesty or misrepresentation against the Company (iii) willful and continued failure to follow the lawful directions of the Board or the employees of the Company to whom the Participant reports, and failure to cure such failure within a reasonable time after receiving written notice from the Company of the claimed failure (iv) deliberate harm or injury, or attempt to deliberately harm or injure, the Company (v) willful misconduct that 
 22 

materially discredits or harms the Company or its reputation (vi) material violation or breach of any written and fully executed contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company, including without limitation, material breach of any confidentiality agreement, or of any Company policy, or of any statutory duty the Participant owes to the Company (vii) gross negligence or willful misconduct (viii) failure to cooperate with any investigation as requested by the Board or employees of the Company to whom the Participant reports or (ix) unauthorized use of confidential information that causes material harm to the Company. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 (g) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition or 
 23 

(iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board provided, however , that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 For purposes of determining voting power under the term Change in Control, voting power shall be calculated by assuming the conversion of all equity securities convertible (immediately or at some future time) into shares entitled to vote, but not assuming the exercise of any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase those shares. In addition, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the term Change in Control will not include a change in the voting power of any one or more stockholders as a result of the conversion of any class of the Company s securities into another class of the Company s securities having a different number of votes per share pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and (C) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. If required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred if such transaction is not also a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). The Board may, in its sole discretion and without a Participant s consent, amend the definition of Change in Control to conform to the definition of Change in Control under Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations thereunder. 
 (h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (i) Committee means a committee of one or more Independent Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). 
 (j) Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.00002 per share, having one vote per share. 
 (k) Company means Stitch Fix, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 (l) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 
 (m) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders 
 24 

such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (n) Corporate Transaction means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (ii) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation or 
 (iv) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 To the extent required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will an event be deemed a Corporate Transaction if such transaction is not also a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (o) Director means a member of the Board. Directors are not eligible to receive Awards under the Plan with respect to their service in such capacity. 
 (p) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 25 

(q) Effective Date means October 20, 2019. 
 (r) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 (s) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (u) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (v) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
 (iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 (w) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 26 

(x) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (y) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (z) Option means a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (aa) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (bb) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
 (cc) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership A person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 (dd) Participant means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. 
 (ee) Plan means this Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan, as it may be amended. 
 (ff) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6. 
 (gg) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (hh) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 (ii) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (jj) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 

27 

28 

Attachment IV 
 Notice of Exercise 
 Date of Exercise _______________ 
 
 This constitutes notice to Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company under my stock option that I elect to purchase the below number of shares of Common Stock of the Company (the Shares for the price set forth below. 
 Type of option Nonstatutory Stock option dated _______________ Number of Shares as to which option is exercised _______________ Certificates to be issued in name of _______________ Total exercise price ______________ Cash payment delivered herewith ______________ Value of ________ Shares delivered herewith 1 
 ______________ Value of ________ Shares pursuant to net exercise 2 
 ______________ Regulation T Program (cashless exercise) 3 
 ______________ 

1 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. Shares must be valued in accordance with the terms of the option being exercised, and must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests. Certificates must be endorsed or accompanied by an executed assignment separate from certificate. 
 2 The Company must have established net exercise procedures at the time of exercise in order to utilize this method. 
 3 Shares must meet the public trading requirements set forth in the option. 
 29 

By this exercise, I agree (i) to provide such additional documents as you may require pursuant to the terms of the Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan (as it may be amended from time to time) and (ii) to provide for the payment by me to you (in the manner designated by you) of your withholding obligation, if any, relating to the exercise of this option. 
 
 Very truly yours, 

30 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 6
 q423-ex1010.htm
 EX-10.10

Document 
 Exhibit 10.10 

 Stitch Fix, Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (2019 Inducement Plan) 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company ), pursuant to its 2019 Inducement Plan (the Plan ), hereby awards to Participant a Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of shares of the Company s Common Stock Restricted Stock Units set forth below (the Award ). The Award is subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this notice of grant (this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and in the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ), both of which are attached hereto and incorporated herein in their entirety. Capitalized terms not explicitly defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan or the Award Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms in the Award and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. 
 Participant 
 Date of Grant 
 Vesting Commencement Date 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units 

Vesting Schedule 

Issuance Schedule Subject to any Capitalization Adjustment, one share of Common Stock will be issued for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests at the time set forth in Section 6 of the Award Agreement. 
 
 Additional Terms Acknowledgements Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, this Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between Participant and the Company regarding the acquisition of the Common Stock pursuant to the Award specified above and supersede all prior oral and written agreements on the terms of this Award with the exception, if applicable, of (i) the written employment agreement, offer letter or other written agreement entered into between the Company and Participant specifying the terms that should govern this specific Award, and (ii) any compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or is otherwise required by applicable law. 
 By accepting this Award, Participant acknowledges having received and read the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan and agrees to all of the terms and conditions set forth in these documents. Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. Participant 
 By 
 Signature Signature 
 Title Date 
 Date 
 Attachments Award Agreement and 2019 Inducement Plan 
 
 1. 

Attachment I 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 2019 Inducement Plan 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Agreement ), Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Award under its 2019 Inducement Plan (the Plan for the number of Restricted Stock Units indicated in the Grant Notice. Defined terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement or in the Grant Notice shall have the same meanings given to them in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the terms in this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control. The details of your Award, in addition to those set forth in the Grant Notice and the Plan, are as follows. 
 1. Grant of the Award. Subject to adjustment and the terms and conditions as provided herein and in the Plan, this Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one share of the Company s Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests. Except as otherwise provided herein, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company (other than future services to the Company) with respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the shares or the delivery of the underlying Common Stock. 
 2. Vesting. Subject to the limitations contained herein, your Award shall vest as provided in the Grant Notice, provided that vesting shall cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service. Any Restricted Stock Units that have not vested shall be forfeited upon the termination of your Continuous Service. 
 3. Number of Restricted Stock Units & Shares of Common Stock. 
 (a) The Restricted Stock Units subject to your Award may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan. 
 (b) Any additional Restricted Stock Units and any shares, cash or other property that become subject to the Award pursuant to this Section 3 shall be subject, in a manner determined by the Board, to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other Restricted Stock Units and shares covered by your Award. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3, no fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock shall be created pursuant to this Section 3. Any fraction of a share will be rounded down to the nearest whole share. 
 4. Securities Law Compliance. You may not be issued any Common Stock or other shares under your Award unless either (i) the shares are registered under the Securities Act or (ii) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, and you will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 
 2. 

5. Transferability. Prior to the time that shares of Common Stock have been delivered to you, you may not transfer, pledge, sell or otherwise dispose of this Award or the shares issuable in respect of your Award, except as expressly provided in this Section 5. For example, you may not use shares that may be issued in respect of your Restricted Stock Units as security for a loan. The restrictions on transfer set forth herein will lapse upon delivery to you of shares in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common Stock to which you were entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Award Agreement. In the absence of such a designation, your legal representative will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, such Common Stock or other consideration. 
 (a) Death . Your Award is transferable by will and by the laws of descent and distribution. At your death, vesting of your Award will cease and your executor or administrator of your estate will be entitled to receive, on behalf of your estate, any Common Stock or other consideration that vested but was not issued before your death. 
 (b) Domestic Relations Orders . Upon receiving written permission from the Board or its duly authorized designee, and provided that you and the designated transferee enter into transfer and other agreements required by the Company, you may transfer your right to receive the distribution of Common Stock or other consideration hereunder, pursuant to a domestic relations order, official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument that contains the information required by the Company to effectuate the transfer. You are encouraged to discuss the proposed terms of any division of this Award with the Company General Counsel prior to finalizing the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement to verify that you may make such transfer, and if so, to help ensure the required information is contained within the domestic relations order or marital settlement agreement. 
 6. Issuance of Shares. 
 (a) Issuance of shares under this Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and shall be construed and administered in such a manner. 
 (b) Subject to the satisfaction of the withholding obligations set forth in Section 12 of this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company shall issue to you one (1) share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests on the applicable vesting date(s). The issuance date determined by this paragraph is referred to as the Original Issuance Date . If the Original Issuance Date falls on a date that is not a business day, delivery shall instead occur on the next following business day. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (i) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an open window period applicable to you, as determined by the Company in accordance with the Company s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market, and (ii) the Company elects, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (1) not to satisfy the tax withholding obligations described in Section 12 by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, and (2) not to permit you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer pursuant to Section 12 of this Agreement (including but not limited to a commitment under a 10b5-1 trading plan) and (3) not to permit you to satisfy the withholding obligations using cash or from compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company, then such shares shall not be delivered on such Original Issuance Date and shall instead be delivered on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of the Company s Common Stock 
 3. 

in the open public market, but in no event later than December 31 of the calendar year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which the Original Issuance Date occurs), or, if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), in no event later than the date that is the 15 th day of the third calendar month of the year following the year in which the shares of Common Stock under this Award are no longer subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(d). 
 (d) Any shares of Common Stock issued to you may be in electronic form, at the election of the Company. 
 7. Forfeiture, Recoupment . 
 (a) In connection with your commencement of employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates, you signed an agreement(s) that contained obligations regarding arbitration, confidential information, invention assignment, and at-will employment New Hire Agreement ). The New Hire Agreement includes, among other terms, a covenant that applies during your employment and for the one-year period following your termination of employment for any reason, and prohibits you from, directly or indirectly, soliciting, inducing, or encouraging any person known to you to be an employee, consultant or independent contractor of the Company, its subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, successors and assigns to terminate his or her relationship with such entity Non-Solicitation Covenant ). The Board may determine that the Restricted Stock Units shall be forfeited or reduced if you breach the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (b) If the Board determines that you have breached the Non-Solicitation Covenant, the Board may, in its discretion, require you to return to the Company any Common Stock or cash received in settlement of Restricted Stock Units. If you have disposed of the Common Stock acquired in settlement of Restricted Stock Units, then the Company may require you to pay to the Company the economic value of the Common Stock as of the date of disposition. The Company shall exercise the right of forfeiture and recoupment provided to the Company in this Section 7 within 12 months after the Company s discovery of the breach of the Non-Solicitation Covenant. 
 (c) The remedies provided in this Section 7 shall be in addition to any legal or equitable remedies existing at law or provided for in any other agreement between you and the Company or any of its Affiliates, including, but not limited to, the New Hire Agreement, and shall not be construed as a limitation upon, or as an alternative or in lieu of, any such remedies. 
 (d) In addition, your Award (and any compensation paid or shares issued under your Award) is subject to recoupment in accordance with The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, any clawback policy adopted by the Company and any compensation recovery policy otherwise required by applicable law. No recovery of compensation under such a clawback policy will be an event giving rise to a right to voluntarily terminate employment upon a resignation for good reason, or for a constructive termination or any similar term under any plan of or agreement with the Company. 
 8. Dividends. You shall receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award with respect to any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment provided, however , that this sentence shall not apply with respect to any shares of Common Stock that are delivered to you in connection with your Award after such shares have been delivered to you. 
 4. 

9. Restrictive Legends. The shares of Common Stock issued under your Award shall be endorsed with appropriate legends as determined by the Company. 
 10. Execution of Documents. You hereby acknowledge and agree that the manner selected by the Company by which you indicate your consent to your Grant Notice is also deemed to be your execution of your Grant Notice and of this Agreement. You further agree that such manner of indicating consent may be relied upon as your signature for establishing your execution of any documents to be executed in the future in connection with your Award. 
 11. Award not a Service Contract. Your Continuous Service with the Company or an Affiliate is not for any specified term and may be terminated by you or by the Company or an Affiliate at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting of your Award or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan shall (i) confer upon you any right to continue in the employ or service of, or affiliation with, the Company or an Affiliate (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the Company or an Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan or (iv) deprive the Company of the right to terminate you at will and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. 
 12. Withholding Obligations. 
 (a) On each vesting date, and on or before the time you receive a distribution of the shares subject to your Award, or at any time as reasonably requested by the Company in accordance with applicable tax laws, you hereby authorize any required withholding from the Common Stock issuable to you and or otherwise agree to make adequate provision in cash for any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or any Affiliate which arise in connection with your Award (the Withholding Taxes ). Additionally, the Company or an Affiliate may, in its sole discretion, satisfy all or any portion of the Withholding Taxes obligation relating to your Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) withholding from any compensation otherwise payable to you by the Company or an Affiliate (ii) causing you to tender a cash payment (iii) permitting or requiring you to enter into a same day sale commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a FINRA Dealer (pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the shares to be delivered under the Award to satisfy the Withholding Taxes and whereby the FINRA Dealer irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the Withholding Taxes directly to the Company and or its Affiliates or (iv) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you in connection with the Award with a Fair Market Value (measured as of the date shares of Common Stock are issued to you) equal to the amount of such Withholding Taxes provided , however , that to the extent necessary to qualify for an exemption from application of Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, if applicable, such share withholding procedure will be subject to the express prior approval of the Company s Compensation Committee. However, the Company does not guarantee that you will be able to satisfy the Withholding Taxes through any of the methods described in the preceding provisions and in all circumstances you remain responsible for timely and fully satisfying the Withholding Taxes. 
 (b) Unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and or any Affiliate are satisfied, the Company shall have no obligation to deliver to you any Common Stock. 
 5. 

(c) In the event the Company s obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery of Common Stock to you that the amount of the Company s withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld by the Company, you agree to indemnify and hold the Company harmless from any failure by the Company to withhold the proper amount. 
 13. Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of a vested Award, you shall be considered an unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to the Company s obligation, if any, to issue shares or other property pursuant to this Agreement. You shall not have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between you and the Company or any other person. 
 14. Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company s policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain window periods and the Company s insider trading policy, in effect from time to time. 
 15. Notices. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means or to request your consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to agree to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 16. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award shall be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all covenants and agreements hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company s successors and assigns. Your rights and obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 (b) You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award. 
 (c) You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award. 
 (d) This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national securities exchanges as may be required. 
 6. 

(e) All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement shall be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company. 
 17. Governing Plan Document. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Except as expressly provided herein, in the event of any conflict between the provisions of your Award and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 18. Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid. 
 19. Effect on Other Employee Benefit Plans. The value of the Award subject to this Agreement shall not be included as compensation, earnings, salaries, or other similar terms used when calculating the Employee s benefits under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides. The Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company s or any Affiliate s employee benefit plans. 
 20. Choice of Law. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the state of Delaware without regard to such state s conflicts of laws rules. 
 21. Amendment. This Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to you, and provided that, except as otherwise expressly provided in the Plan, no such amendment adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law, regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change shall be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is then subject to restrictions as provided herein. 
 22. Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. This Award is intended to comply with the short-term deferral rule set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and therefore deemed to be deferred compensation subject to Section 409A, and if you are a Specified Employee (within the meaning set forth Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code) as of the date of your separation from service (within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h)), then the issuance of any shares that would otherwise be made upon the date of the separation from service or within the first six (6) months thereafter will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the date that is six (6) months and one day after the date of the separation from service, with the balance of the shares issued thereafter in accordance with 
 7. 

the original vesting and issuance schedule set forth above, but if and only if such delay in the issuance of the shares is necessary to avoid the imposition of taxation on you in respect of the shares under Section 409A of the Code. Each installment of shares that vests is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). 
 23. No Obligation to Minimize Taxes. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences to you of this Award and shall not be liable to you for any adverse tax consequences to you arising in connection with this Award. You are hereby advised to consult with your own personal tax, financial and or legal advisors regarding the tax consequences of this Award and by signing the Grant Notice, you have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so. 
 
 8. 

Attachment II 
 2019 Inducement Plan 

Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Amended and Restated 2019 Inducement Plan 
 9. 

1. General. 
 (a) Eligible Award Recipients. The only persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are individuals who satisfy the standards for inducement grants under NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) or 5635(c)(3), if applicable, and the related guidance under NASDAQ IM 5635-1. A person who previously served as an Employee or Director will not be eligible to receive Awards under the Plan, other than following a bona fide period of non-employment. Persons eligible to receive grants of Awards under this Plan are referred to in this Plan as Eligible Employees . These Awards must be approved by either a majority of the Company s Independent Directors (as such term is defined in NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2)) or the Company s compensation committee, provided such committee comprises solely Independent Directors (the Independent Compensation Committee in order to comply with the exemption from the stockholder approval requirement for inducement grants provided under Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(4) and the related guidance under NASDAQ IM 5635-1 (and any analogous rules or guidance effective after the date hereof) are referred to in this Plan as the Inducement Award Rules . 
 (b) Available Awards. The Plan provides for the grant of Options and Restricted Stock Unit Awards. All Options shall be Nonstatutory Stock Options. Awards intended to qualify as stockholder-approved performance based compensation for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Code may not be granted under this Plan. 
 (c) Purpose. This Plan, through the granting of Awards, is intended to provide (i) an inducement material for certain individuals to enter into employment with the Company within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, (ii) incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and any Affiliate and (iii) a means by which Eligible Employees may be given an opportunity to benefit from increases in value of the Common Stock through the granting of Awards. 
 2. Administration. 
 (a) Administration by Board. The Board will administer the Plan provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. Subject to those constraints and the other constraints of the Inducement Award Rules, the Board may delegate some of its powers of administration of the Plan to a Committee, as provided in Section 2(c). 
 (b) Powers of Board. The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan and the Inducement Award Rules 
 (i) To determine (A) who will be granted Awards (B) when and how each Award will be granted (C) what type of Award will be granted (D) the provisions of each Award (which need not be identical), including when a person will be permitted to exercise or otherwise receive cash or Common Stock under the Award (E) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to, or the cash value of, an Award and (F) the Fair Market Value applicable to an Award provided, however, that Awards may only be granted by either (i) a majority of the Company s Independent Directors or (ii) the Independent Compensation Committee. 
 (ii) To construe and interpret the Plan and Awards granted under it, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for administration of the Plan and Awards. The Board, in the exercise of these powers, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in 
 10. 

the Plan or in any Award Agreement, in a manner and to the extent it will deem necessary or expedient to make the Plan or Award fully effective. 
 (iii) To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Awards granted under it. 
 (iv) To accelerate, in whole or in part, the time at which an Award may be exercised or vest (or at which cash or shares of Common Stock may be issued). 
 (v) To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, suspension or termination of the Plan will not materially impair a Participant s rights under his or her then-outstanding Award without his or her written consent. 
 (vi) To amend the Plan in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable, including, without limitation, by adopting amendments relating to nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and or to bring the Plan or Awards granted under the Plan into compliance therewith, subject to the limitations, if any, of applicable law. Except as provided in Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, if required by applicable law or listing requirements, the Company shall seek stockholder approval for any amendment of the Plan. Except as provided above, rights under any Award granted before amendment of the Plan shall not be impaired by any amendment of the Plan unless (1) the Company requests the consent of the affected Participant, and (2) such Participant consents in writing. 
 (vii) To submit any amendment to the Plan for stockholder approval, including, but not limited to, amendments to the Plan intended to satisfy the requirements of Rule 16b-3 of Exchange Act or any successor rule. 
 (viii) To approve forms of Award Agreements for use under the Plan and to amend the terms of any one or more outstanding Awards. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or an Award Agreement, no amendment of an outstanding Award will materially impair that Participant s rights under his or her outstanding Award without his or her written consent. To be clear, unless prohibited by applicable law, the Board may amend the terms of an Award without the affected Participant s consent if necessary (A) to clarify the manner of exemption from, or to bring the Award into compliance with, Section 409A of the Code, or (C) to comply with other applicable laws or listing requirements. 
 (ix) Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as the Board deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests of the Company and that are not in conflict with the provisions of the Plan or Awards. 
 (x) To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit participation in the Plan by individuals who are foreign nationals or employed outside the United States. 
 (c) Delegation to Committee. The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration of the Plan is delegated to a Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee of the Committee any of the administrative powers the Committee is authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee). Any delegation of administrative powers will be reflected in resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, adopted from time to time by the Board or Committee (as applicable). The Board may retain the authority to 
 11. 

concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously delegated. 
 (d) Effect of Board s Decision. All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will be final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 
 (e) Repricing Cancellation and Re-Grant of Awards. Neither the Board nor any Committee will have the authority to (i) reduce the exercise, purchase or strike price of any outstanding Option, or (ii) cancel any outstanding Option that has an exercise price or strike price greater than the current Fair Market Value of the Common Stock in exchange for cash or other Awards under the Plan, unless the stockholders of the Company have approved such an action within twelve (12) months prior to such an event. 
 3. Shares Subject to the Plan. 
 (a) Share Reserve. Subject to Section 9(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that may be issued pursuant to Awards from and after the Effective Date shall not exceed 10,750,000 shares. Shares may be issued under the terms of this Plan in connection with a merger or acquisition as permitted by NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 5635(c)(3), NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 303A.08, AMEX Company Guide Section 711 or other applicable rule, and such issuance will not reduce the number of shares available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (b) Reversion of Shares to the Share Reserve. If an Award or any portion thereof (i) expires or otherwise terminates without all of the shares covered by such Award having been issued or (ii) is settled in cash i.e. , the Participant receives cash rather than stock), such expiration, termination or settlement will not reduce (or otherwise offset) the number of shares of Common Stock that may be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock issued pursuant to an Award are forfeited back to or repurchased by the Company because of the failure to meet a contingency or condition required to vest such shares in the Participant, then the shares that are forfeited or repurchased will revert to and again become available for issuance under the Plan. Any shares reacquired by the Company in satisfaction of tax withholding obligations on an Award or as consideration for the exercise or purchase price of an Award will again become available for issuance under the Plan. 
 (c) Source of Shares. The stock issuable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market or otherwise. 
 4. Eligibility. 
 (a) Eligibility for Awards. Awards may only be granted to persons who are Eligible Employees described in Section 1(a) of the Plan, where the Award is an inducement material to the individual s entering into employment with the Company or an Affiliate within the meaning of Rule 5635(c)(4) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules or is otherwise permitted pursuant to Rule 5635(c) of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules, provided however, that Awards may not be granted to Eligible Employees who are providing Continuous Service only to any parent of the Company, as such term is defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act, unless (i) the stock underlying such Awards is treated as service recipient stock under Section 409A of the Code (for example, because the Awards are granted pursuant to a corporate transaction such as a spin off transaction), or (ii) the Company, in consultation with its legal counsel, has determined that such Awards are otherwise exempt from or comply with the distribution requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 12. 

(b) Approval Requirements. All Awards must be granted either by a majority of the Company s independent directors or the Independent Compensation Committee. 
 5. Provisions relating to Options. 
 Each Option will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board deems appropriate. All Options will be Nonstatutory Stock Options. The provisions of separate Options need not be identical provided, however , that each Option Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of provisions hereof by reference in the applicable Option Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Term. No Option will be exercisable after the expiration of 10 years from the date of its grant or such shorter period specified in the Option Agreement. 
 (b) Exercise Price. The exercise or strike price of each Option will be not less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option on the date the Option is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may be granted with an exercise price lower than 100 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock subject to the Option if such Option is granted pursuant to an assumption of or substitution for another option pursuant to a Corporate Transaction and in a manner consistent with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. 
 (c) Purchase Price for Options. The purchase price of Common Stock acquired pursuant to the exercise of an Option may be paid, to the extent permitted by applicable law and as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, by any combination of the methods of payment set forth below. The Board will have the authority to grant Options that do not permit all of the following methods of payment (or otherwise restrict the ability to use certain methods) and to grant Options that require the consent of the Company to use a particular method of payment. The permitted methods of payment are as follows 
 (i) by cash, check, bank draft or money order payable to the Company 
 (ii) pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board that, prior to the issuance of the stock subject to the Option, results in either the receipt of cash (or check) by the Company or the receipt of irrevocable instructions to pay the aggregate exercise price to the Company from the sales proceeds 
 (iii) by delivery to the Company (either by actual delivery or attestation) of shares of Common Stock 
 (iv) by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise by the largest whole number of shares with a Fair Market Value that does not exceed the aggregate exercise price provided, however , that the Company will accept a cash or other payment from the Participant to the extent of any remaining balance of the aggregate exercise price not satisfied by such reduction in the number of whole shares to be issued. Shares of Common Stock will no longer be subject to an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that (A) shares issuable upon exercise are reduced to pay the exercise price pursuant to the net exercise, (B) shares are delivered to the Participant as a result of such exercise, and (C) shares are withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations or 
 (v) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board and specified in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 13. 

(d) Transferability of Options. The Board may, in its sole discretion, impose such limitations on the transferability of Options as the Board will determine. In the absence of such a determination by the Board to the contrary, the following restrictions on the transferability of Options will apply 
 (i) Restrictions on Transfer. An Option will not be transferable except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution (or pursuant to subsections (ii) and (iii) below), and will be exercisable during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The Board may permit transfer of the Option in a manner that is not prohibited by applicable tax and securities laws. Except as explicitly provided herein, an Option may not be transferred for consideration. 
 (ii) Domestic Relations Orders. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, an Option may be transferred pursuant to the terms of a domestic relations order or official marital settlement agreement or other divorce or separation instrument. 
 (iii) Beneficiary Designation. Subject to the approval of the Board or a duly authorized Officer, a Participant may, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form approved by the Company (or the designated broker), designate a third party who, on the death of the Participant, will thereafter be entitled to exercise the Option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. In the absence of such a designation, the executor or administrator of the Participant s estate will be entitled to exercise the Option and receive the Common Stock or other consideration resulting from such exercise. However, the Company may prohibit designation of a beneficiary at any time, including due to any conclusion by the Company that such designation would be inconsistent with the provisions of applicable laws. 
 (e) Vesting Generally. The total number of shares of Common Stock subject to an Option may vest and therefore become exercisable in periodic installments that may or may not be equal. The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may or may not be exercised (which may be based on the satisfaction of Performance Goals or other criteria) as the Board may deem appropriate. The vesting provisions of individual Options may vary. The provisions of this Section are subject to any Option provisions governing the minimum number of shares of Common Stock as to which an Option may be exercised. 
 (f) Termination of Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability), the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Award as of the date of termination of Continuous Service) within the period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date three months following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate. 
 (g) Extension of Termination Date. If the exercise of an Option following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause and other than upon the Participant s death or Disability) would be prohibited at any time solely because the issuance of shares of Common Stock would violate the registration requirements under the Securities Act, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a total period of three months (that need not be consecutive) after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the exercise of the Option would not be in violation of such registration requirements, and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the applicable 
 14. 

Award Agreement. In addition, unless otherwise provided in a Participant s Award Agreement, if the sale of any Common Stock received on exercise of an Option following the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service (other than for Cause) would violate the Company s insider trading policy, then the Option will terminate on the earlier of (i) the expiration of a period of months (that need not be consecutive) equal to the applicable post-termination exercise period after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service during which the sale of the Common Stock received upon exercise of the Option would not be in violation of the Company s insider trading policy, or (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (h) Disability of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s Disability, the Participant may exercise his or her Option (to the extent that the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of termination of Continuous Service), but only within such period of time ending on the earlier of (i) the date 12 months following such termination of Continuous Service and (ii) the expiration of the term of the Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after termination of Continuous Service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time frame, the Option (as applicable) will terminate. 
 (i) Death of Participant. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement or other agreement between the Participant and the Company, if (i) a Participant s Continuous Service terminates as a result of the Participant s death, or (ii) the Participant dies within the period (if any) specified in the Award Agreement for exercisability after the termination of the Participant s Continuous Service for a reason other than death, then the Option may be exercised (to the extent the Participant was entitled to exercise such Option as of the date of death) by the Participant s estate, by a person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by bequest or inheritance or by a person designated to exercise the Option upon the Participant s death, but only within the period ending on the earlier of (i) the date 18 months following the date of death and (ii) the expiration of the term of such Option as set forth in the Award Agreement. If, after the Participant s death, the Option is not exercised within the applicable time frame, the Option will terminate. 
 (j) Termination for Cause. Except as explicitly provided otherwise in a Participant s Award Agreement, if a Participant s Continuous Service is terminated for Cause, the Option will terminate upon the date on which the event giving rise to the termination for Cause first occurred, and the Participant will be prohibited from exercising his or her Option from and after the date on which the event giving rise to the termination for Cause first occurred (or, if required by law, the date of termination of Continuous Service). 
 (k) Non-Exempt Employees. If an Option is granted to an Employee who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, the Option will not be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six (6) months following the date of grant of the Option (although the Award may vest prior to such date). Consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) if such non-exempt Employee dies or suffers a Disability, (ii) upon a Corporate Transaction in which such Option is not assumed, continued, or substituted, (iii) upon a Change in Control, or (iv) upon the Participant s retirement (as such term may be defined in the Participant s Award Agreement in another agreement between the Participant and the Company, or, if no such definition, in accordance with the Company s then current employment policies and guidelines), the vested portion of any Options may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. To the extent permitted and or required for compliance with the Worker Economic 
 15. 

Opportunity Act to ensure that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise, vesting or issuance of any shares under any other Award will be exempt from the employee s regular rate of pay, the provisions of this Section will apply to all Awards and are hereby incorporated by reference into such Award Agreements. 
 6. Provisions Relating to Restricted Stock Unit Awards. 
 Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate. The terms and conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements may change from time to time, and the terms and conditions of separate Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements need not be identical. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will conform to (through incorporation of the provisions hereof by reference in the Agreement or otherwise) the substance of each of the following provisions 
 (a) Consideration. At the time of grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board will determine the consideration, if any, to be paid by the Participant upon delivery of each share of Common Stock subject to the Restricted Stock Unit Award. The consideration to be paid (if any) by the Participant for each share of Common Stock subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award may be paid in any form of legal consideration that may be acceptable to the Board, in its sole discretion, and permissible under applicable law. 
 (b) Vesting. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board may impose such restrictions on or conditions to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Unit Award as it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 
 (c) Payment. A Restricted Stock Unit Award may be settled by the delivery of shares of Common Stock, their cash equivalent, any combination thereof or in any other form of consideration, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. 
 (d) Additional Restrictions. At the time of the grant of a Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Board, as it deems appropriate, may impose such restrictions or conditions that delay the delivery of the shares of Common Stock (or their cash equivalent) subject to a Restricted Stock Unit Award to a time after the vesting of such Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 (e) Dividend Equivalents. Dividend equivalents may be credited in respect of shares of Common Stock covered by a Restricted Stock Unit Award, as determined by the Board and contained in the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. At the sole discretion of the Board, such dividend equivalents may be converted into additional shares of Common Stock covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award in such manner as determined by the Board. Any additional shares covered by the Restricted Stock Unit Award credited by reason of such dividend equivalents will be subject to all of the same terms and conditions of the underlying Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement to which they relate. 
 (f) Termination of Participant s Continuous Service. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, such portion of the Restricted Stock Unit Award that has not vested will be forfeited upon the Participant s termination of Continuous Service. 
 7. Covenants of the Company. 
 (a) Availability of Shares. The Company will keep available at all times the number of shares of Common Stock reasonably required to satisfy then-outstanding Awards. 
 16. 

(b) Securities Law Compliance. The Company will seek to obtain from each regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan such authority as may be required to grant Awards and to issue and sell shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Awards provided, however , that this undertaking will not require the Company to register under the Securities Act the Plan, any Award or any Common Stock issued or issuable pursuant to any such Award. If, after reasonable efforts and at a reasonable cost, the Company is unable to obtain from any such regulatory commission or agency the authority that counsel for the Company deems necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of such Awards unless and until such authority is obtained. A Participant will not be eligible for the grant of an Award or the subsequent issuance of cash or Common Stock pursuant to the Award if such grant or issuance would be in violation of any applicable securities law. 
 (c) No Obligation to Notify or Minimize Taxes. The Company will have no duty or obligation to any Participant to advise such holder as to the time or manner of exercising such Award. Furthermore, the Company will have no duty or obligation to warn or otherwise advise such holder of a pending termination or expiration of an Award or a possible period in which the Award may not be exercised. The Company has no duty or obligation to minimize the tax consequences of an Award to the holder of such Award. 
 8. Miscellaneous. 
 (a) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Common Stock. Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Awards will constitute general funds of the Company. 
 (b) Corporate Action Constituting Grant of Awards. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Company of an Award to any Participant will be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Board, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. In the event that the corporate records (e.g., Board consents, resolutions or minutes) documenting the corporate action constituting the grant contain terms (e.g., exercise price, vesting schedule or number of shares) that are inconsistent with those in the Award Agreement as a result of a clerical error in the papering of the Award Agreement, the corporate records will control and the Participant will have no legally binding right to the incorrect term in the Award Agreement. 
 (c) Stockholder Rights. No Participant will be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award unless and until (i) such Participant has satisfied all requirements for exercise of, or the issuance of shares under, the Award pursuant to its terms, and (ii) the issuance of the Common Stock subject to such Award has been entered into the books and records of the Company. 
 (d) No Employment or Other Service Rights. Nothing in the Plan, any Award Agreement or any other instrument executed thereunder or in connection with any Award granted pursuant thereto will confer upon any Participant any right to continue to serve the Company or an Affiliate in the capacity in effect at the time the Award was granted or will affect the right of the Company or an Affiliate to terminate (i) the employment of an Employee with or without notice and with or without cause, (ii) the service of a Consultant pursuant to the terms of such Consultant s agreement with the Company or an Affiliate, or (iii) the service of a Director pursuant to the bylaws of the Company or an Affiliate, and any applicable provisions of the corporate law of the state in which the Company or the Affiliate is incorporated, as the case may be. 
 17. 

(e) Change in Time Commitment. In the event a Participant s regular level of time commitment in the performance of his or her services for the Company and any Affiliates is reduced (for example, and without limitation, if the Participant is an Employee of the Company and the Employee has a change in status from a full-time Employee to a part-time Employee) after the date of grant of any Award to the Participant, the Board has the right in its sole discretion to (x) make a corresponding reduction in the number of shares or cash amount subject to any portion of such Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (y) in lieu of or in combination with such a reduction, extend the vesting or payment schedule applicable to such Award. In the event of any such reduction, the Participant will have no right with respect to any portion of the Award that is so reduced. 
 (f) Investment Assurances. The Company may require a Participant, as a condition of exercising or acquiring Common Stock under any Award, (i) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company as to the Participant s knowledge and experience in financial and business matters and or to employ a purchaser representative reasonably satisfactory to the Company who is knowledgeable and experienced in financial and business matters and that he or she is capable of evaluating, alone or together with the purchaser representative, the merits and risks of exercising the Award and (ii) to give written assurances satisfactory to the Company stating that the Participant is acquiring Common Stock subject to the Award for the Participant s own account and not with any present intention of selling or otherwise distributing the Common Stock. The foregoing requirements, and any assurances given pursuant to such requirements, will be inoperative if (A) the issuance of the shares upon the exercise or acquisition of Common Stock under the Award has been registered under a then currently effective registration statement under the Securities Act, or (B) as to any particular requirement, a determination is made by counsel for the Company that such requirement need not be met in the circumstances under the then applicable securities laws. The Company may, upon advice of counsel to the Company, place legends on stock certificates issued under the Plan as such counsel deems necessary or appropriate in order to comply with applicable securities laws, including, but not limited to, legends restricting the transfer of the Common Stock. 
 (g) Withholding Obligations. Unless prohibited by the terms of an Award Agreement, the Company may, in its sole discretion, satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation relating to an Award by any of the following means or by a combination of such means (i) causing the Participant to tender a cash payment (ii) withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to the Participant in connection with the Award (iii) withholding cash from an Award settled in cash (iv) withholding payment from any amounts otherwise payable to the Participant or (v) by such other method as may be set forth in the Award Agreement. 
 (h) Electronic Delivery. Any reference herein to a written agreement or document will include any agreement or document delivered electronically, filed publicly at www.sec.gov (or any successor website thereto) or posted on the Company s intranet (or other shared electronic medium controlled by the Company to which the Participant has access). 
 (i) Deferrals. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board, in its sole discretion, may determine that the delivery of Common Stock or the payment of cash, upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of all or a portion of any Award may be deferred and may establish programs and procedures for deferral elections to be made by Participants. Deferrals by Participants will be made in accordance with Section 409A of the Code. Consistent with Section 409A of the Code, the Board may provide for distributions while a Participant is still an employee or otherwise providing services to the Company. The Board is authorized to make deferrals of Awards and determine when, and in what annual percentages, Participants may receive payments, including lump sum payments, following the Participant s termination of 
 18. 

Continuous Service, and implement such other terms and conditions consistent with the provisions of the Plan and in accordance with applicable law. 
 (j) Compliance with Section 409A. Unless otherwise expressly provided for in an Award Agreement, the Plan and Award Agreements will be interpreted to the greatest extent possible in a manner that makes the Plan and the Awards granted hereunder exempt from Section 409A of the Code, and, to the extent not so exempt, in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. If the Board determines that any Award granted hereunder is not exempt from and is therefore subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Award Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions necessary to avoid the consequences specified in Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code, and to the extent an Award Agreement is silent on terms necessary for compliance, such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into the Award Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Plan (and unless the Award Agreement specifically provides otherwise), if the shares of Common Stock are publicly traded, and if a Participant holding an Award that constitutes deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code is a specified employee for purposes of Section 409A of the Code, no distribution or payment of any amount that is due because of a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code without regard to alternative definitions thereunder) will be issued or paid before the date that is six (6) months following the date of such Participant s separation from service or, if earlier, the date of the Participant s death, unless such distribution or payment can be made in a manner that complies with Section 409A of the Code, and any amounts so deferred will be paid in a lump sum on the day after such six (6) month period elapses, with the balance paid thereafter on the original schedule. 
 (k) Clawback Recovery. All Awards granted under the Plan will be subject to recoupment in accordance with any clawback policy that the Company is required to adopt pursuant to the listing standards of any national securities exchange or association on which the Company s securities are listed or as is otherwise required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other applicable law. In addition, the Board may impose such other clawback, recovery or recoupment provisions in an Award Agreement as the Board determines necessary or appropriate, including but not limited to a reacquisition right in respect of previously acquired shares of Common Stock or other cash or property upon the occurrence of Cause. 
 9. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock Other Corporate Events. 
 (a) Capitalization Adjustments. In the event of a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust (i) the class(es) and maximum number of securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a) and (ii) the class(es) and number of securities and price per share of stock subject to outstanding Awards. The Board will make such adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive. 
 (b) Dissolution or Liquidation. Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, in the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, all outstanding Awards (other than Awards consisting of vested and outstanding shares of Common Stock not subject to a forfeiture condition or the Company s right of repurchase) will terminate immediately prior to the completion of such dissolution or liquidation, and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Company s repurchase rights or subject to a forfeiture condition may be repurchased or reacquired by the Company notwithstanding the fact that the holder of such Award is providing Continuous Service provided, however , that the Board may, in its sole discretion, cause some or all Awards to become fully vested, exercisable and or no longer subject to repurchase or forfeiture (to the extent such Awards have not previously expired or terminated) before the dissolution or liquidation is completed but contingent on its completion. 
 19. 

(c) Corporate Transaction. The following provisions will apply to Awards in the event of a Corporate Transaction unless otherwise provided in the instrument evidencing the Award or any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant or unless otherwise expressly provided by the Board at the time of grant of an Award. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, then, notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Board will take one or more of the following actions with respect to Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Corporate Transaction 
 (i) arrange for the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) to assume or continue the Award or to substitute a similar award for the Award (including, but not limited to, an award to acquire the same consideration paid to the stockholders of the Company pursuant to the Corporate Transaction) 
 (ii) arrange for the assignment of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company in respect of Common Stock issued pursuant to the Award to the surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation s parent company) 
 (iii) accelerate the vesting, in whole or in part, of the Award (and, if applicable, the time at which the Award may be exercised) to a date prior to the effective time of such Corporate Transaction as the Board will determine (or, if the Board will not determine such a date, to the date that is five days prior to the effective date of the Corporate Transaction), with such Award terminating if not exercised (if applicable) at or prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction 
 (iv) arrange for the lapse, in whole or in part, of any reacquisition or repurchase rights held by the Company with respect to the Award 
 (v) cancel or arrange for the cancellation of the Award, to the extent not vested or not exercised prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, in exchange for such cash consideration, if any, as the Board, in its sole discretion, may consider appropriate and 
 (vi) make a payment, in such form as may be determined by the Board equal to the excess, if any, of (A) the value of the property the Participant would have received upon the exercise of the Award immediately prior to the effective time of the Corporate Transaction, over (B) any exercise price payable by such holder in connection with such exercise. For clarity, this payment may be zero ) if the value of the property is equal to or less than the exercise price. Payments under this provision may be delayed to the same extent that payment of consideration to the holders of the Company s Common Stock in connection with the Corporate Transaction is delayed as a result of escrows, earn-outs, holdbacks or any other contingencies. 
 The Board need not take the same action or actions with respect to all Awards or portions thereof or with respect to all Participants. 
 (d) Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, the Board shall have the discretion to take any one or more of the actions set forth in Section 9(c)(i)-(vi) with respect to Awards, contingent upon the closing or completion of the Change in Control provided, however , that for such purpose, the term Corporate Transaction in Section 9(c)(i)-(vi) will mean Change In Control. An Award may be subject to additional acceleration of vesting and exercisability upon or after a Change in Control as may be provided in the Award Agreement for such Award or as may be provided in any other written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant. 
 20. 

10. Termination or Suspension of the Plan. 
 The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Awards may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 
 11. Effective Date of the Plan. 
 The Plan will come into existence on the Effective Date. No Award may be granted prior to the Effective Date. 
 12. Choice of Law. 
 The law of the State of Delaware will govern all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Plan, without regard to that state s conflict of laws rules. 
 13. Definitions. As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below 
 (a) Affiliate means, at the time of determination, any parent or subsidiary of the Company as such terms are defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. The Board will have the authority to determine the time or times at which parent or subsidiary status is determined within the foregoing definition. 
 (b) Award means a Nonstatutory Stock Option or a Restricted Stock Unit Award. 
 (c) Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a Participant evidencing the terms and conditions of an Award. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Capitalization Adjustment means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject to the Plan or subject to any Award after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger, consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash dividend, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or any similar equity restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as a Capitalization Adjustment. 
 (f) Cause shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in any written agreement between the Participant and the Company defining such term (and if there are multiple such agreements, the most recent) and, in the absence of such agreement, such term means, with respect to a Participant, the occurrence of any of the following events (i) conviction (including a guilty plea or plea of nolo contendere) of any felony (ii) commission or attempted commission of or participation in a fraud or act of dishonesty or misrepresentation against the Company (iii) willful and continued failure to follow the lawful directions of the Board or the employees of the Company to whom the Participant reports, and failure to cure such failure within a reasonable time after receiving written notice from the Company of the claimed failure (iv) deliberate harm or injury, or attempt to deliberately harm or injure, the Company (v) willful misconduct that materially discredits or harms the Company or its reputation (vi) material violation or breach of any written and fully executed contract or agreement between the Participant and the Company, including without limitation, material breach of any confidentiality agreement, or of any 
 21. 

Company policy, or of any statutory duty the Participant owes to the Company (vii) gross negligence or willful misconduct (viii) failure to cooperate with any investigation as requested by the Board or employees of the Company to whom the Participant reports or (ix) unauthorized use of confidential information that causes material harm to the Company. The determination that a termination of the Participant s Continuous Service is either for Cause or without Cause shall be made by the Company, in its sole discretion. Any determination by the Company that the Continuous Service of a Participant was terminated with or without Cause for the purposes of outstanding Awards held by such Participant shall have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or such Participant for any other purpose. 
 (g) Change in Control means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) any Exchange Act Person becomes the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities other than by virtue of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control will not be deemed to occur (A) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company directly from the Company (B) on account of the acquisition of securities of the Company by an investor, any affiliate thereof or any other Exchange Act Person that acquires the Company s securities in a transaction or series of related transactions the primary purpose of which is to obtain financing for the Company through the issuance of equity securities or (C) solely because the level of Ownership held by any Exchange Act Person (the Subject Person exceeds the designated percentage threshold of the outstanding voting securities as a result of a repurchase or other acquisition of voting securities by the Company reducing the number of shares outstanding, provided that if a Change in Control would occur (but for the operation of this sentence) as a result of the acquisition of voting securities by the Company, and after such share acquisition, the Subject Person becomes the Owner of any additional voting securities that, assuming the repurchase or other acquisition had not occurred, increases the percentage of the then outstanding voting securities Owned by the Subject Person over the designated percentage threshold, then a Change in Control will be deemed to occur 
 (ii) there is consummated a merger, consolidation or similar transaction involving (directly or indirectly) the Company and, immediately after the consummation of such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, the stockholders of the Company immediately prior thereto do not Own, directly or indirectly, either (A) outstanding voting securities representing more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction or (B) more than 50 of the combined outstanding voting power of the parent of the surviving Entity in such merger, consolidation or similar transaction, in each case in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such transaction 
 (iii) there is consummated a sale, lease, exclusive license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than a sale, lease, license or other disposition of all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries to an Entity, more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are Owned by stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to such sale, lease, license or other disposition or 
 (iv) individuals who, on the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, are members of the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the members of the Board provided, however , that if the appointment or election (or nomination for election) of any new Board member was approved or recommended by a majority 
 22. 

vote of the members of the Incumbent Board then still in office, such new member will, for purposes of this Plan, be considered as a member of the Incumbent Board. 
 For purposes of determining voting power under the term Change in Control, voting power shall be calculated by assuming the conversion of all equity securities convertible (immediately or at some future time) into shares entitled to vote, but not assuming the exercise of any warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase those shares. In addition, (A) the term Change in Control will not include a sale of assets, merger or other transaction effected exclusively for the purpose of changing the domicile of the Company, (B) the term Change in Control will not include a change in the voting power of any one or more stockholders as a result of the conversion of any class of the Company s securities into another class of the Company s securities having a different number of votes per share pursuant to the conversion provisions set forth in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, and (C) the definition of Change in Control (or any analogous term) in an individual written agreement between the Company or any Affiliate and the Participant will supersede the foregoing definition with respect to Awards subject to such agreement provided, however , that if no definition of Change in Control or any analogous term is set forth in such an individual written agreement, the foregoing definition will apply. If required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred if such transaction is not also a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). The Board may, in its sole discretion and without a Participant s consent, amend the definition of Change in Control to conform to the definition of Change in Control under Section 409A of the Code, and the regulations thereunder. 
 (h) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (i) Committee means a committee of one or more Independent Directors to whom authority has been delegated by the Board in accordance with Section 2(c). 
 (j) Common Stock means the Class A common stock of the Company, par value 0.00002 per share, having one vote per share. 
 (k) Company means Stitch Fix, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 (l) Consultant means any person, including an advisor, who is (i) engaged by the Company or an Affiliate to render consulting or advisory services and is compensated for such services, or (ii) serving as a member of the board of directors of an Affiliate and is compensated for such services. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such service, will not cause a Director to be considered a Consultant for purposes of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a person is treated as a Consultant under this Plan only if a Form S-8 Registration Statement under the Securities Act is available to register either the offer or the sale of the Company s securities to such person. 
 (m) Continuous Service means that the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, whether as an Employee, Director or Consultant, is not interrupted or terminated. A change in the capacity in which the Participant renders service to the Company or an Affiliate as an Employee, Consultant or Director or a change in the entity for which the Participant renders such service, provided that there is no interruption or termination of the Participant s service with the Company or an Affiliate, will not terminate a Participant s Continuous Service provided, however , that if the Entity for which a Participant is rendering services ceases to qualify as an Affiliate, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, such Participant s Continuous 
 23. 

Service will be considered to have terminated on the date such Entity ceases to qualify as an Affiliate. To the extent permitted by law, the Board or the chief executive officer of the Company, in that party s sole discretion, may determine whether Continuous Service will be considered interrupted in the case of (i) any leave of absence approved by the Board or chief executive officer, including sick leave, military leave or any other personal leave, or (ii) transfers between the Company, an Affiliate, or their successors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a leave of absence will be treated as Continuous Service for purposes of vesting in an Award only to such extent as may be provided in the Company s leave of absence policy, in the written terms of any leave of absence agreement or policy applicable to the Participant, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, to the extent required for exemption from or compliance with Section 409A of the Code, the determination of whether there has been a termination of Continuous Service will be made, and such term will be construed, in a manner that is consistent with the definition of separation from service as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (n) Corporate Transaction means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events 
 (i) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, of the consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries 
 (ii) the consummation of a sale or other disposition of at least 50 of the outstanding securities of the Company 
 (iii) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation or 
 (iv) the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash or otherwise. 
 To the extent required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will an event be deemed a Corporate Transaction if such transaction is not also a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). 
 (o) Director means a member of the Board. Directors are not eligible to receive Awards under the Plan with respect to their service in such capacity. 
 (p) Disability means, with respect to a Participant, the inability of such Participant to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment that can be expected to result in death or that has lasted or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than 12 months, as provided in Sections 22(e)(3) and 409A(a)(2)(c)(i) of the Code, and will be determined by the Board on the basis of such medical evidence as the Board deems warranted under the circumstances. 
 (q) Effective Date means October 20, 2019. 
 24. 

(r) Employee means any person employed by the Company or an Affiliate. However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director to be considered an Employee for purposes of the Plan. 
 (s) Entity means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity. 
 (t) Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 (u) Exchange Act Person means any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act), except that Exchange Act Person will not include (i) the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (ii) any employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company or any trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to a registered public offering of such securities, (iv) an Entity Owned, directly or indirectly, by the stockholders of the Company in substantially the same proportions as their Ownership of stock of the Company or (v) any natural person, Entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Exchange Act) that, as of the Effective Date, is the Owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding securities. 
 (v) Fair Market Value means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows 
 (i) If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock will be, unless otherwise determined by the Board, the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in a source the Board deems reliable. 
 (ii) Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing selling price on the last preceding date for which such quotation exists. 
 (iii) In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith and in a manner that complies with Sections 409A and 422 of the Code. 
 (w) Non-Employee Director means a Director who either (i) is not a current employee or officer of the Company or an Affiliate, does not receive compensation, either directly or indirectly, from the Company or an Affiliate for services rendered as a consultant or in any capacity other than as a Director (except for an amount as to which disclosure would not be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated pursuant to the Securities Act Regulation S-K )), does not possess an interest in any other transaction for which disclosure would be required under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K, and is not engaged in a business relationship for which disclosure would be required pursuant to Item 404(b) of Regulation S-K or (ii) is otherwise considered a non-employee director for purposes of Rule 16b-3. 
 (x) Nonstatutory Stock Option means any option granted pursuant to Section 5 of the Plan that does not qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 25. 

(y) Officer means a person who is an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 (z) Option means a Nonstatutory Stock Option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan. 
 (aa) Option Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and an Optionholder evidencing the terms and conditions of an Option grant. Each Option Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (bb) Optionholder means a person to whom an Option is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Option. 
 (cc) Own, Owned, Owner, Ownership A person or Entity will be deemed to Own, to have Owned, to be the Owner of, or to have acquired Ownership of securities if such person or Entity, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship or otherwise, has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting, with respect to such securities. 
 (dd) Participant means a person to whom an Award is granted pursuant to the Plan or, if applicable, such other person who holds an outstanding Award. 
 (ee) Plan means this Stitch Fix, Inc. 2019 Inducement Plan, as it may be amended. 
 (ff) Restricted Stock Unit Award means a right to receive shares of Common Stock which is granted pursuant to the terms and conditions of Section 6. 
 (gg) Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement means a written agreement between the Company and a holder of a Restricted Stock Unit Award evidencing the terms and conditions of a Restricted Stock Unit Award grant. Each Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 (hh) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act or any successor to Rule 16b-3, as in effect from time to time. 
 (ii) Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (jj) Subsidiary means, with respect to the Company, (i) any corporation of which more than 50 of the outstanding capital stock having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors of such corporation (irrespective of whether, at the time, stock of any other class or classes of such corporation will have or might have voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency) is at the time, directly or indirectly, Owned by the Company, and (ii) any partnership, limited liability company or other entity in which the Company has a direct or indirect interest (whether in the form of voting or participation in profits or capital contribution) of more than 50 . 
 
 26. 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.13>
 7
 q423-ex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 
 Exhibit 10.13 

June 9, 2023 
 Matt Baer 
 mhbaer gmail.com 
 
 Re Chief Executive Officer Employment Offer Letter 
 
 Dear Matt 
 
 On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board of Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company ), I am pleased to offer you the role of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to the terms of this letter agreement (the Agreement ). The terms of this Agreement govern with respect to your employment, effective as of the start date set forth in paragraph 1 below. 
 1. Employment by the Company. 
 (a) Position. You will serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer, reporting to the Company s Board and you will have the level of authority and responsibility and perform those duties as are customary for the position of Chief Executive Officer. During the term of your employment with the Company, you will devote your best efforts and substantially all of your business time and attention to the business of the Company, except for approved vacation periods and reasonable periods of illness or other incapacities permitted by the Company s general employment policies. You will also be appointed to serve as a Class III director. The Company agrees that you may engage in civic, charitable and philanthropic activities and, subject to the Company s prior approval, serve on the board of directors or as an advisor for a reasonable number of for-profit companies, provided that such activities do not interfere with your ability to fulfill your obligations to the Company as Chief Executive Officer. 
 (b) Duties and Location. You will perform those duties and responsibilities as are customary for the position of Chief Executive Officer and as may be directed by the Board, to whom you will report. Your primary work location will be the Company s offices in San Francisco, California. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to reasonably require you to perform your duties at places other than your primary office location from time to time, and to require reasonable business travel. The Company understands and agrees that you will also work remotely to a reasonable extent and will be traveling to your primary work location from your home, currently in Connecticut. The Company may modify your job title and duties as it deems necessary and appropriate in light of the Company s needs and interests from time to time provided, however, that any such modification will not have any effect on the protections afforded to you in the event of your resignation for Good Reason all as set forth below. 
 (c) Start Date. Your start date will be June 26, 2023. 
 2. Base Salary and Employee Benefits. 
 (a) Salary. You will receive for services to be rendered hereunder base salary paid at the rate of 850,000 per year, less standard payroll deductions and tax withholdings. Your base salary will be paid on the Company s ordinary payroll cycle. As an exempt salaried employee, you will be required to work the Company s normal business hours, and such additional time as appropriate for your work assignments and position, and you will not be entitled to overtime compensation. 
 1 

(b) Bonus . You will be eligible to participate in the Company s executive bonus program, as such program may be in effect from time to time and subject to the bonus program terms as determined by the Company s Compensation Committee. Your annual target bonus is 100 of your base salary. 
 (c) Benefits. As a regular full-time employee, you will to be eligible to participate in the Company s standard employee benefits offered to executive level employees, as in effect from time to time and subject to plan terms and generally applicable Company policies. Details about these benefit plans will be provided, upon request. 
 3. Signing Bonus. The Company will pay you a one-time signing bonus of 400,000 (the Signing Bonus in accordance with the following terms. The Signing Bonus will be paid on the Company s next regularly scheduled payroll date following your start date and, as it is considered taxable earnings, the Signing Bonus will be subject to applicable payroll deductions and tax withholdings. If you voluntarily terminate your employment with the Company without Good Reason (as defined below) prior to the second anniversary of your start date, you agree to reimburse the Company for a pro-rata portion of the Signing Bonus. You further agree to execute any documents that may be reasonably required by the Company at a later date to affect any such reimbursement. In the event the Company rescinds this offer of employment following your acceptance of such terms, but prior to the Start Date, you will still be eligible to receive the Signing Bonus, to be paid within thirty (30) days following such rescission, subject to your execution of a release of claims in favor of the Company. 
 4. Expenses. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses incurred by you in furtherance of or in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. The Company will also reimburse you, or directly pay, for reasonable expenses accrued in connection with travel to and temporarily living in San Francisco, potentially including a corporate apartment, airfare, and ground transportation to and from the airport. Such payments may be subject to taxation as required by law. All travel must be done in compliance with the Company s applicable travel and expense policy, unless otherwise agreed with the Board. The Company will also pay up to 15,000 directly to your counsel for attorneys fees you incur in connection with the negotiation and review of this Agreement. 
 5. Equity Compensation. The Company will recommend to its Compensation Committee that the Company grant you two equity awards. The awards will be made in accordance with and subject to the Company s applicable equity incentive plan (the Plan and related documents, including the award grant notices that you will be required to accept. The exercise price per share of option grants will be equal to the closing price quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date the options are granted. Vesting in the awards is subject to your continued service as an employee of the Company through each vesting date, as described in the applicable award agreement, and no right to any equity is earned or accrued until such time that vesting occurs, nor does the grant confer any right to continued vesting or employment. 
 (a) The first equity award consists of restricted stock units for 1,100,000 shares of our Class A common stock (the RSU ). The shares subject to the RSU shall vest as follows Sixteen and two-thirds percent (16 2 3 of the shares subject to the RSU shall vest on the Company s first quarterly vesting date that is at least six (6) months following your start date, and the remaining shares shall vest ratably in equal installments of one-twelfth (1 12 th of the RSU on each of the Company s next 10 quarterly vesting dates. 
 (b) The second equity award consists of non-qualified stock options to purchase 2,200,000 shares of our Class A common stock (the Option ). The Option shall vest as follows Sixteen and two-thirds percent (16 2 3 of the shares subject to the Option shall vest on the Company s first quarterly vesting date that is at least six (6) months following your start date, and the remaining shares shall vest ratably in equal installments of one-twelfth (1 12 th of the Option on each of the Company s next 10 quarterly vesting dates. 
 (c) Under the Company s current executive compensation program, you would also be eligible for annual refresh equity awards, subject to the sole discretion of and approval by the Company s Compensation Committee of the Board. 
 6. Compliance with Confidentiality Agreement and Company Policies. You are required to abide by the Company s policies and procedures, as modified from time to time within the Company s discretion 
 2 

(including without limitation, acknowledging in writing that you have read and will comply with any applicable Company Employee Handbook) provided, however, that in the event the terms of this Agreement differ from or are in conflict with the Company s general employment policies or practices, this Agreement shall control. 
 7. Protection of Third Party Information. In your work for the Company, you will be expected not to make any unauthorized use or disclosure of any confidential or proprietary information, including trade secrets, of any former employer or other third party to whom you have contractual obligations to protect such information. Rather, you will be expected to use only that information which is generally known and used by persons with training and experience comparable to your own, which is common knowledge in the industry or otherwise legally in the public domain, or which is otherwise provided or developed by the Company. You represent that you are able to perform your job duties within these guidelines, and you are not in unauthorized possession of any unpublished documents, materials, electronically-recorded information, or other property belonging to any former employer or other third party to whom you have a contractual obligation to protect such property. In addition, you represent and warrant that your employment by the Company will not conflict with any prior employment or consulting agreement or other agreement with any third party, that you will perform your duties to the Company without violating any such agreement(s), and that you have disclosed to the Company in writing any contract you have signed that may restrict your activities on behalf of the Company. 
 8. At-Will Employment Relationship and Board Service. You should be aware that your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at-will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. The at-will employment relationship between you and the Company may not be changed, except by a specific written agreement signed by a duly authorized member of the Board. We request that, in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks notice. In the event you are a member of the Company s Board at the time of any separation from employment with the Company, or if you otherwise cease to be the Company s Chief Executive Officer, you agree to resign as a member of the Board effective no later the last date of your employment in the role of Chief Executive Officer. 
 9. Severance. You will be eligible for the following severance benefits (the Severance Benefits ), each as described and pursuant to the terms and conditions set forth below. 
 (a) Termination without Cause Resignation for Good Reason Not in Connection with a Change in Control. If the Company terminates your employment without Cause (as defined below) (other than as a result of your death or disability) or you resign for Good Reason (as defined below) (either such termination referred to as a Qualifying Termination and the Company is not in a Change in Control Period (as defined in Section 8(b)), and provided such termination or resignation constitutes a Separation from Service (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definition thereunder, a Separation from Service ), then subject to Sections 9 Conditions to Receipt of Severance Benefits and 10 Return of Property below and your continued compliance with the terms of this Agreement (including without limitation Section 5 Compliance with Confidentiality Agreement and Company Policies above), the Company will provide you with the following as your sole severance benefits 
 1) Cash Severance . The Company will pay you, as cash severance, twelve (12) months of your base salary in effect as of your Separation from Service date, less standard payroll deductions and tax withholdings. The Company may pay this severance amount in either a lump sum payment or in installments in the form of continuation of your base salary payments. The Company will notify you of its election within ten (10) business days following the Qualifying Termination. Should the Company elect to pay you in a lump sum, such payment will be made on the Company s first regular payroll date that is more than sixty (60) days following your Separation from Service date. Should the Company elect to pay you in installments, such installments will be paid on the Company s ordinary payroll dates, commencing on the Company s first regular payroll date that is more than sixty (60) days following your Separation from Service date, and shall be for any accrued base salary for the sixty (60)-day period plus the period from the sixtieth (60 th day until the regular payroll date, if applicable, and all salary continuation payments thereafter, if any, shall be made on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 3 

2) COBRA Severance. As an additional Severance Benefit, the Company will continue to pay the cost of your health care coverage in effect at the time of your Separation from Service, either under the Company s regular health plan (if permitted), or by paying your COBRA premiums (the COBRA Severance ), for a maximum of twelve (12) months. The Company's obligation to pay the COBRA Severance on your behalf will cease if you obtain health care coverage from another source (e.g., a new employer or spouse s benefit plan), unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law. You must notify the Company within two (2) weeks if you obtain coverage from a new source. This payment of COBRA Severance by the Company would not expand or extend the maximum period of COBRA coverage to which you would otherwise be entitled under applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing COBRA Severance without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof provide to you a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that you would be required to pay to continue your group health coverage in effect on the date of your termination (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments shall be made on the last day of each month regardless of whether you elect COBRA continuation coverage and shall end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which you obtain other coverage or (y) the last day of the sixth (6th) calendar month following your Separation from Service date. 
 3) Accelerated Vesting. As an additional Severance Benefit, the Company shall accelerate the vesting of any equity awards then held by you such that you will be deemed vested in those shares that would have vested had you remained employed for an additional six (6) months following your Separation from Service date. 
 (b) Termination without Cause Resignation for Good Reason in Connection with a Change in Control. In the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs during the period beginning one month prior to a Change in Control and ending twelve (12) months following the closing of such Change in Control (such period, the Change in Control Period ), provided such Qualifying Termination constitutes a Separation from Service, then subject to Sections 9 Conditions to Receipt of Severance Benefits and 10 Return of Property below and your continued compliance with the terms of this Agreement (including without limitation Section 5 Compliance with Confidentiality Agreement and Company Policies above), then the Company will provide you with the following as your sole severance benefits 
 1) Cash Severance . The Company will pay you, as cash severance, the sum of (A) eighteen (18) months of your base salary in effect as of your Separation from Service date, plus (B) 100 of your target bonus for the year in which your Separation from Service occurs, less standard payroll deductions and tax withholdings. The Company may pay this severance amount in either a lump sum payment or in installments in the form of continuation of your base salary payments. The Company will notify you of its election within ten (10) business days following the Qualifying Termination. Should the Company elect to pay you in a lump sum, such payment will be made on the Company s first regular payroll date that is more than sixty (60) days following your Separation from Service date. Should the Company elect to pay you in installments, such installments will be paid on the Company s ordinary payroll dates, commencing on the Company s first regular payroll date that is more than sixty (60) days following your Separation from Service date, and shall be for any accrued base salary for the sixty (60)-day period plus the period from the sixtieth (60 th day until the regular payroll date, if applicable, and all salary continuation payments thereafter, if any, shall be made on the Company s regular payroll dates. 
 2) COBRA Severance. As an additional Severance Benefit, the Company will provide you COBRA Severance for a maximum of eighteen (18) months. The Company's obligation to pay the COBRA Severance on your behalf will cease if you obtain health care coverage from another source (e.g., a new employer or spouse s benefit plan), unless otherwise prohibited by applicable law. You must notify the Company within two (2) weeks if you obtain coverage from a new source. This payment of COBRA Severance by the Company would not expand or extend the maximum period of COBRA coverage to which you would otherwise be entitled under applicable law. Notwithstanding the above, if 
 4 

the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing COBRA Severance without potentially violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company shall in lieu thereof provide to you a taxable monthly payment in an amount equal to the monthly COBRA premium that you would be required to pay to continue your group health coverage in effect on the date of your termination (which amount shall be based on the premium for the first month of COBRA coverage), which payments shall be made on the last day of each month regardless of whether you elect COBRA continuation coverage and shall end on the earlier of (x) the date upon which you obtain other coverage or (y) the last day of the twelfth (12th) calendar month following your Separation from Service date. 
 3) Accelerated Vesting. As an additional Severance Benefit, the Company shall accelerate the vesting of any equity awards then held by you such that one hundred percent (100 of such awards shall be deemed immediately vested (and, as applicable, exercisable) as of your Separation from Service date, except to the extent that the equity award grant documentation relating to an equity award contains an explicit provision to the contrary. 
 (c) Resignation Without Good Reason Termination for Cause Death or Disability. If, at any time, you resign your employment without Good Reason, or the Company terminates your employment for Cause, or if either party terminates your employment as a result of your death or disability, you will receive your base salary accrued through your last day of employment, as well as any unused vacation (if applicable) accrued through your last day of employment. Under these circumstances, you will not be entitled to any other form of compensation from the Company, including any Severance Benefits, other than any rights to which you are entitled under the Company s benefit programs. In addition, under no circumstance will you receive the Severance Benefits under both Sections 8(a) and 8(b) above. 
 
 10. Conditions to Receipt of Severance Benefits. Prior to and as a condition to your receipt of any of the Severance Benefits described above, you must (a) submit a letter of resignation to the Company no later than your last day of employment with the Company resigning from the Board effective no later than such date, and (b) execute and deliver to the Company an effective release of claims (with customary carve outs for continued indemnification by the Company and rights to vested benefits and equity awards) in favor of and in a form acceptable to the Company (the Release within the timeframe set forth therein, but not later than forty-five (45) days following your Separation from Service date, and allow the Release to become effective according to its terms (by not invoking any legal right to revoke it) within any applicable time period set forth therein (such latest permitted effective date, the Release Deadline ). 
 
 11. Return of Company Property. Upon the termination of your employment for any reason, within five days after your last day of employment with the Company (or earlier if requested by the Company), you will return to the Company all Company documents (and all copies thereof) and other Company property within your possession, custody or control, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, financial and operational information, customer lists and contact information, product and services information, research and development information, drawings, records, plans, forecasts, reports, payroll information, spreadsheets, studies, analyses, compilations of data, proposals, agreements, sales and marketing information, personnel information, specifications, code, software, databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and equipment (including, but not limited to, computers, facsimile machines, mobile telephones, tablets, handheld devices, and servers), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys, and any materials of any kind which contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company, and all reproductions thereof in whole or in part and in any medium. You further agree that you will make a diligent search to locate any such documents, property and information and return them to the Company within the timeframe provided above. In addition, if you have used any personally-owned computer, server, or e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any confidential or proprietary data, materials or information of the Company, then within five days after your last date of employment, you must provide the Company with a computer-useable copy of such information and permanently delete and expunge such confidential or proprietary information from those systems without retaining any reproductions (in whole or in part) and you agree to provide the Company access to your system, as requested, to verify that the necessary copying and deletion is done. If requested, you shall deliver to the Company a signed statement certifying compliance with this section. 
 5 

12. Outside Activities. During your employment by the Company, except on behalf of the Company, you will not directly or indirectly serve as an officer, director, stockholder, employee, partner, proprietor, investor, joint venturer, associate, representative or consultant of any other person, corporation, firm, partnership or other entity whatsoever known by you to compete with the Company (or is planning or preparing to compete with the Company), anywhere in the world, in any line of business engaged in (or planned to be engaged in) by the Company provided, however, that (a) you may serve on such boards of directors of other companies as may be approved by the Board and (b) you may purchase or otherwise acquire up to (but not more than) 1 of any class of securities of any enterprise (but without participating in the activities of such enterprise) if such securities are listed on any national or regional securities exchange. 
 13. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (a) Cause for termination will mean your (i) conviction (including a guilty plea or plea of nolo contendere) of any felony (ii) commission or attempted commission of or participation in a fraud or act of dishonesty or misrepresentation against the Company (iii) willful and continued failure to follow the lawful directions of the Board (iv) deliberate harm or injury, or attempt to deliberately harm or injure, the Company (v) willful misconduct that materially discredits or harms the Company or its reputation (vi) material violation or breach of any written and fully executed contract or agreement between you and the Company, including without limitation, material breach of your Confidentiality Agreement, or of any Company policy, or of any statutory duty you owe to the Company (vii) gross negligence or willful misconduct (viii) failure to cooperate with any investigation as requested by the Board or (ix) unauthorized use of confidential information that causes material harm to the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause will not exist under condition (iii), (vi) and (viii) unless the Company gives you written notice of such condition and, if such condition is remediable, you fail to remedy such condition within 30 days after receiving such written notice. The determination that a termination is for Cause shall be made by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 (b) You shall have Good Reason for resigning from your position as Chief Executive Officer of the Company if any of the following actions are taken by the Company when you are Chief Executive Officer without your prior written consent (i) a material reduction in your base salary or target bonus opportunity (unless pursuant to a salary reduction program applicable generally to the Company s similarly situated employees) (ii) a material reduction in your duties (including responsibilities and or authorities) or any change in job position, title or reporting line provided, however, that a change in job position (including a change in position, title or reporting line) resulting from a Change in Control shall not be deemed a material reduction in and of itself unless your new duties are materially reduced from the prior duties (iii) relocation of your principal place of employment to a place that increases your one-way commute by more than 35 miles as compared to your then-current principal place of employment immediately prior to such relocation or a change in Company policy adversely impacting your ability to work remotely to the extent contemplated by this Agreement or (iv) the Company s material breach of any obligation to you under this Agreement or any other written agreement between you and the Company. In order to resign for Good Reason, you must provide written notice to the Company s Chief Legal Officer within 90 days after the first occurrence of the event giving rise to Good Reason setting forth the basis for your resignation, allow the Company at least 30 days from receipt of such written notice to cure such event, and if such event is not reasonably cured within such period, you must resign from all positions you then hold with the Company not later than 30 days after the expiration of the cure period. 
 (c) Change in Control shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 14. Section 280G Parachute Payments. 
 (a) If any payment or benefit you will or may receive from the Company or otherwise (a 280G Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and (ii) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then any such 280G Payment provided pursuant to this Agreement (a Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment (after reduction) being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion, up to and including the total, of the Payment, whichever amount (i.e., the amount determined by clause (x) or by clause (y)), after taking into 
 6 

account all applicable federal, state and local employment taxes, income taxes, and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate), results in your receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greater economic benefit notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence, the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for you. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit, the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 
 (b) Notwithstanding any provision of subsection (a) above to the contrary, if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code Section 409A that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A, then the Reduction Method and or the Pro Rata Reduction Method, as the case may be, shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A as follows (A) as a first priority, the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible, the greatest economic benefit for you as determined on an after-tax basis (B) as a second priority, Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g., being terminated without Cause), shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events and (C) as a third priority, Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 (c) Unless you and the Company agree on an alternative accounting firm or law firm, the accounting firm engaged by the Company for general tax compliance purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control transaction shall perform the foregoing calculations. If the accounting firm so engaged by the Company is serving as accountant or auditor for the individual, entity or group effecting the change in control transaction, the Company shall appoint a nationally recognized accounting or law firm to make the determinations required by this Section 11. The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting or law firm required to be made hereunder. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the accounting or law firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder to provide its calculations, together with detailed supporting documentation, to you and the Company within 15 days after the date on which your right to a 280G Payment becomes reasonably likely to occur (if requested at that time by you or the Company) or such other time as requested by you or the Company. 
 (d) If you receive a Payment for which the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (x) of Section 11(a) and the Internal Revenue Service determines thereafter that some portion of the Payment is subject to the Excise Tax, you agree to promptly return to the Company a sufficient amount of the Payment (after reduction pursuant to clause (x) of Section 11(a)) so that no portion of the remaining Payment is subject to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Reduced Amount was determined pursuant to clause (y) of Section 11(a), you shall have no obligation to return any portion of the Payment pursuant to the preceding sentence. 
 15. Dispute Resolution. Section 9 of the Confidentiality Agreement (Arbitration Legal and Equitable Remedies) shall apply to the terms of this letter and any disputes that may arise in connection with your employment with the Company. 
 16. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, together with your Confidentiality Agreement, forms the complete and exclusive statement of your employment agreement with the Company. It supersedes any other agreements or promises made to you by anyone, whether oral or written, with respect to the subject matters covered herein. Changes in your employment terms require a written modification approved by the Company s Board of Directors or its delegate. This Agreement will bind the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of both you and the Company, and inure to the benefit of both you and the Company, their heirs, successors and assigns. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination shall not affect any other provision of this Agreement and the provision in question shall be modified so as to be rendered enforceable in a manner consistent with the intent of the parties insofar as possible under applicable law. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall not be construed against either party as the drafter. Any waiver of a breach of this Agreement, or rights hereunder, shall be in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any successive breach or rights hereunder. This Agreement may be executed in 
 7 

counterparts which shall be deemed to be part of one original, and facsimile and electronic image copies of signatures shall be equivalent to original signatures. 
 Sincerely, 

s Katrina Lake 
 Katrina Lake 
 Chair of the Board of Directors 

Reviewed, Understood, and Accepted 

__ s Matt Baer________________________ _June 9, 2023_________________ 
 Matt Baer Date 
 
 8 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.22>
 8
 q423-ex1022.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 Exhibit 10.22 

 CONFIDENTIAL SEPARATION AGREEMENT 
 AND GENERAL RELEASE OF ALL CLAIMS 
 This Confidential Separation Agreement and General Release of All Claims Separation Agreement is made by and between Stitch Fix, Inc. Stitch Fix and Sachin Dhawan Employee with respect to the following facts 
 A. Employee is employed at-will by Stitch Fix as Chief Technology Officer pursuant to an offer letter dated December 20, 2021. 
 B. Employee s employment with Stitch Fix will cease effective July 14, 2023 Separation Date ). 
 C. Stitch Fix wishes to reach an amicable separation with Employee and assist Employee s transition to other employment. 
 C. The parties desire to settle all claims and issues that have, or could have been raised, in relation to Employee s employment with Stitch Fix and arising out of or in any way related to the acts, transactions or occurrences between Employee and Stitch Fix to date, including, but not limited to, Employee s employment with Stitch Fix or the termination of that employment, on the terms set forth below. 
 THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual agreements hereinafter set forth, it is agreed by and between the undersigned as follows 
 1. Severance Package . 
 1.1 Severance Payment . In exchange for the promises set forth herein, Stitch Fix agrees to provide Employee with a severance payment of 300,000 which is equal to 6 months of Employee s base salary, less all appropriate federal and state income and employment taxes and withholdings Severance Payment ). The Severance Payment will be paid out in a lump sum by the next Company payroll date following 60 days after Employee s Separation Date, provided this Agreement has been executed, and not revoked, at least 14 days prior to that date. Employee acknowledges and agrees that this Severance Payment constitutes adequate legal consideration for the promises and representations made by Employee in this Separation Agreement. 
 1.2 Stock Vesting . Employee was granted certain a stock option award (the Option and a restricted stock unit award (the RSU under the Company s equity incentive plans. Those awards shall remain governed by the applicable award notices, agreements and plan documents. The parties agree that the Option shall cease vesting as of the Separation Date and all shares subject to the Option that are unvested shall be cancelled as of such date, and no further vesting of the Option shall occur. Employee will have three (3) months following the Separation Date to exercise Employee s vested Option for the shares that are exercisable, pursuant to the applicable stock option agreement. Vesting in the RSU shall cease as of the Separation Date and all shares subject to the RSU that are unvested shall be cancelled as of such date, and no further vesting of the RSU shall occur after the Separation Date. 
 1.3 Payment of Healthcare Premiums . Stitch Fix further agrees to continue to pay the premiums required to continue group health insurance coverage for Employee through the entire month of January 2024 under the applicable provisions of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ), provided that Employee elects to continue and remains eligible for these benefits under COBRA, and does not obtain medical coverage through another employer or otherwise during this period. 
 2. General Release . 
 1 

1.1 Employee unconditionally, irrevocably and absolutely releases and discharges Stitch Fix, and any parent and subsidiary corporations, divisions and affiliated corporations, partnerships or other affiliated entities of Stitch Fix, past and present, as well as Stitch Fix s employees, officers, directors, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, Released Parties ), from all claims related in any way to the transactions or occurrences between them to date, to the fullest extent permitted by law, including, but not limited to, Employee s employment with Stitch Fix, the termination of Employee s employment, and all other losses, liabilities, claims, charges, demands and causes of action, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, arising directly or indirectly out of or in any way connected with Employee s employment with Stitch Fix. This release is intended to have the broadest possible application and includes, but is not limited to, any tort, contract, common law, constitutional or other statutory claims arising under local, state or federal law, including, but not limited to, alleged violations of the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code, the Family Medical Leave Act, the California Family Rights Act, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and all claims for attorneys fees, costs and expenses. Employee expressly waives Employee s right to recovery of any type, including damages or reinstatement, in any administrative or court action, whether state or federal, and whether brought by Employee or on Employee s behalf, related in any way to the matters released herein. 
 1.2 The parties acknowledge that this general release is not intended to bar any claims that, by statute, may not be waived, such as claims for workers' compensation benefits or unemployment insurance benefits, as applicable, or any challenge to the validity of Employee s release of claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, as set forth in this Separation Agreement. 
 1.3 Employee understands that nothing contained in this Separation Agreement limits Employee's ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). Employee further understands that this Separation Agreement does not limit Employee's ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to Stitch Fix. This Agreement does not limit Employee's right to receive an award for information provided to any Government Agencies. 
 1.4 Employee acknowledges that Employee may discover facts or law different from, or in addition to, the facts or law that Employee knows or believes to be true with respect to the claims released in this Separation Agreement and agrees, nonetheless, that this Separation Agreement and the release contained in it shall be and remain effective in all respects notwithstanding such different or additional facts or the discovery of them. 
 1.5 Employee declares and represents that Employee intends this Separation Agreement to be complete and not subject to any claim of mistake, and that the release herein expresses a full and complete release and Employee intends the release herein to be final and complete. Employee executes this release with the full knowledge that this release covers all possible claims against the Released Parties, to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 3. California Civil Code Section 1542 Waiver . Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that all rights under Section 1542 of the California Civil Code are expressly waived. That section provides 
 2 

A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS THAT THE CREDITOR OR RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE AND THAT, IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER, WOULD HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR OR RELEASED PARTY. 
 
 Employee waives any right which Employee has or may have under Section 1542 to the full extent Employee may lawfully waive such rights pertaining to this general release of claims. 
 4. Representation Concerning Filing of Legal Actions . Employee represents that, as of the date of this Separation Agreement, Employee has not filed any lawsuits, charges, complaints, petitions, claims or other accusatory pleadings against Stitch Fix or any of the other Released Parties in any court or with any governmental agency. 
 5. Confidentiality and Return of Stitch Fix Property . Employee understands and agrees that as a condition of receiving the Severance Package in paragraph 1, all Stitch Fix property must be returned to Stitch Fix. By signing this Separation Agreement, Employee represents and warrants that Employee will return all Stitch Fix property, data and information belonging to Stitch Fix on or before the Separation Date and agrees that Employee will not use or disclose to others any confidential or proprietary information of Stitch Fix or the Released Parties. 
 6. Continuing Obligations . Employee further agrees to comply with the continuing obligations regarding confidentiality set forth in the surviving provisions of Stitch Fix s Arbitration, At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, and Inventions Assignment Agreement Confidentiality Agreement ), previously executed by Employee, including, but not limited to, promises not to disclose and to protect all confidential and proprietary information of Stitch Fix. 
 7. No Admissions . By entering into this Separation Agreement, Stitch Fix and the Released Parties make no admission that they have engaged, or are now engaging, in any unlawful conduct. The parties understand and acknowledge that this Separation Agreement is not an admission of liability and shall not be used or construed as such in any legal or administrative proceeding. 
 8. Older Workers Benefit Protection Act . This Separation Agreement is intended to satisfy the requirements of the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, 29 U.S.C. sec. 626(f). Employee is advised to consult with an attorney before executing this Separation Agreement. 
 1.1 Acknowledgments Time to Consider . Employee acknowledges and agrees that (a) Employee has read and understands the terms of this Separation Agreement (b) Employee has been advised in writing to consult with an attorney before executing this Separation Agreement (c) Employee has obtained and considered such legal counsel as Employee deems necessary (d) Employee has been given twenty-one (21) days to consider whether or not to enter into this Separation Agreement (although Employee may elect not to use the full 21-day period at Employee s option) and (e) by signing this Separation Agreement, Employee acknowledges that Employee does so freely, knowingly, and voluntarily. 
 1.2 Revocation Effective Date . This Separation Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the eighth day after Employee signs this Separation Agreement. In other words, Employee may revoke Employee s acceptance of this Separation Agreement within seven (7) days after the date Employee signs it. Employee s revocation must be in writing and received by email to legal-notices stitchfix.com on or before the seventh day in order to be effective. If Employee does not revoke acceptance within the seven (7) day period, Employee s acceptance of this Separation Agreement shall become binding and enforceable on the eighth day Effective Date ). The Severance Package will become due and payable in accordance with paragraph 1 above after the Effective Date, provided Employee does not revoke. 
 3 

1.3 Preserved Rights of Employee . This Separation Agreement does not waive or release any rights or claims that Employee may have under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act that arise after the execution of this Separation Agreement. In addition, this Agreement does not prohibit Employee from challenging the validity of this Separation Agreement s waiver and release of claims under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended. 
 9. Affirmation . Employee affirms that other than the Severance Payment referenced herein, Employee has been paid all compensation, wages, bonuses, and commissions due, and has been provided all leaves (paid or unpaid) and benefits to which Employee may be entitled, up to the date signed by Employee. 
 10. Severability . In the event any provision of this Separation Agreement shall be found unenforceable, the unenforceable provision shall be deemed deleted and the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not be affected thereby. 
 11. Full Defense . This Separation Agreement may be pled as a full and complete defense to, and may be used as a basis for an injunction against, any action, suit or other proceeding that may be prosecuted, instituted or attempted by Employee in breach hereof. 
 12. Applicable Law . The validity, interpretation and performance of this Separation Agreement shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the United States of America and the State of California. 
 13. Entire Agreement Modification . This Separation Agreement, including the surviving provisions of Stitch Fix s Confidentiality Agreement previously executed by Employee, is intended to be the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes and cancels any and all other and prior agreements, written or oral, between the parties regarding this subject matter, including that certain offer letter dated December 20, 2021. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by all parties hereto. 
 THE PARTIES TO THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT HAVE READ THE FOREGOING SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND FULLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO EACH AND EVERY PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN. THE PARTIES HAVE EXECUTED THIS SEPARATION AGREEMENT ON THE DATES SHOWN BELOW. 

Employee 
 Dated __7 20 23___________________ s Sachin Dhawan 
 Sachin Dhawan 
 Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 Dated _7 13 23____________________ By s Matt Baer 
 Matt Baer 
 CEO 

4 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 9
 q423-ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries of Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 
 Name of Subsidiary Jurisdiction Stitch Fix Gift Cards, LLC Virginia Stitch Fix UK, Ltd. United Kingdom 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 10
 q423-ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-221650, 333-234058, 333-246358, 333-259820, 333-267543 on Form S-8 of our report dated September 20, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Stitch Fix, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended July 29, 2023. 
 
 s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 
 San Francisco, California 
 September 20, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 q423-ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Matt Baer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date September 20, 2023 s Matt Baer Matt Baer Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 q423-ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Aufderhaar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stitch Fix, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date September 20, 2023 s David Aufderhaar David Aufderhaar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 q423-ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Stitch Fix, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended July 29, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Periodic Report ), we, Matt Baer, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and David Aufderhaar, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge 
 1. The Periodic Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date September 20, 2023 
 s Matt Baer Matt Baer Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) s David Aufderhaar David Aufderhaar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 sfix-20230729.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 sfix-20230729_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 sfix-20230729_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 sfix-20230729_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 sfix-20230729_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

