<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230921_10-K_edgar_data_1618732_0000950170-23-049179.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22764780</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>528759</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2896472</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10561535</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2896749</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5268092</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-049179.hdr.sgml : 20230921
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230921161131
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-049179
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230921
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230921

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nutanix, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618732
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				270989767
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37883
		FILM NUMBER:		231269231

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1740 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-216-8360

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1740 TECHNOLOGY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 150
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-049179.txt : 20230921

10-K
 1
 ntnx-20230731.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated Filer 

Non-accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of January 31, 2023 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion, based upon the closing sale price of such stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The registrant has no non-voting common equity. 
 As of August 31, 2023 , the registrant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.000025 par value per share, outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 
 1 

Item 1. Business 
 1 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 61 

Item 2. Properties 
 61 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 61 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 61 

PART II 
 62 

Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 62 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 64 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 65 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 91 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 92 

Item 9. Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting Financial Disclosure 
 140 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 140 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 145 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 145 

PART III 
 146 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 146 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 146 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 146 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 146 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 146 

PART IV 
 147 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 147 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 147 

Exhibit Index 
 148 

Signatures 
 154 

i 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains express and implied forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Other than statements of historical fact, all statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K including statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, our business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words believe, may, will, potentially, estimate, continue, anticipate, plan, intend, could, would, expect, or words or expressions of similar substance or the negative thereof, that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements regarding: 
 our future billings, revenue, cost of revenue and operating expenses, as well as changes in the cost of product revenue, component costs, contract terms, product gross margins and support, entitlements and other services revenue and changes in research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses; 

our business plans, strategies, initiatives, objectives and outlook, as well as our ability to execute such plans, strategies, initiatives and objectives successfully and in a timely manner, and the benefits and impact of such plans, initiatives and objectives on our business, operations, and financial results, including any impact on our revenue and product mix, average contract term lengths and discounting behavior; 

our plans for, and the timing of, any current and future business model transitions, including our transition to a subscription-based business model, our ability to manage, complete or realize the benefits of such transitions successfully and in a timely manner, and the short-term and long-term impacts of such transitions on our business, operations and financial results; 

the benefits and capabilities of our platform, solutions, products, services and technology, including the interoperability and availability of our solutions with and on third-party platforms; 

our plans and expectations regarding new solutions, products, services, product features and technology, including those that are still under development or in process; 

our growth strategy, our ability to effectively achieve and manage our growth, and the amount, timing and impact of any investments to grow our business, including any plans to increase or decrease investments in our global engineering, research and development and sales and/or marketing teams; 

our go-to-market strategy and the impact of any adjustments thereto, including any adjustments to our go-to-market cost structure, in particular, our sales compensation structure, and the pricing and packaging of our product portfolio; 

the success and impact of our customer, partner, industry, analyst, investor and employee events on our business, including on future pipeline generation; 

the impact of our decision to use new or different metrics, or to make adjustments to the metrics we use, to supplement our financial reporting; 

our reliance on key personnel; 

anticipated trends, growth rates and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate, including the segmentation and productivity of our sales team; 

market acceptance of new technology and recently introduced solutions; 

ii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 our ability to increase sales of our solutions, particularly to large enterprise customers; 

our ability to attract new end customers and retain and grow sales from our existing end customers; 

our plans to continue to implement recommendations arising out of or relating to our Audit Committee s previously completed investigation (including remedial measures in response to the material weakness previously identified by management); 

our ability to maintain and strengthen existing strategic alliances and partnerships and address macroeconomic supply chain shortages, including our relationships with our channel partners and original equipment manufacturers, and to develop any new strategic alliances and partnerships, and the impact of any changes to such relationships on our business, operations and financial results; 

the effects of seasonal trends on our results of operations; 

our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including our ability to compress and stabilize sales cycles; 

our ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

our exposure to and ability to guard against cyber attacks and other actual or perceived security breaches; 

our ability to continue to grow our business internationally; 

the competitive market, including our ability to compete effectively, the competitive advantages of our products, and the effects of increased competition in our market; 

anticipated capital expenditures; 

future acquisitions or investments in complementary companies, products, services or technologies and the ability to successfully integrate completed acquisitions; 

our ability to stay in compliance with laws and regulations that currently apply or may become applicable to our business both in the United States and internationally, including recent changes in global tax laws; 

macroeconomic, geopolitical, and industry trends and environment, projected growth or trend analysis; 

the impact of events that may be outside of our control, such as political and social unrest, terrorist attacks, hostilities, war, malicious human acts, climate change, natural disasters (including extreme weather), pandemics or other major public health concerns, and other similar events; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; and 

the sufficiency of cash balances to meet cash needs for at least the next 12 months. 

We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, short-term and long-term business operations and objectives and financial needs in light of the information currently available to us. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and trends discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 iii 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that the future results, performance, or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur. The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation, and expressly disclaim any obligation, to update, alter or otherwise revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated or subsequent events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. 

iv 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 Overview 
 Nutanix, Inc. we, us, our or Nutanix provides a leading enterprise cloud platform, which we call the Nutanix Cloud Platform, that consists of software solutions and cloud services that power our customers enterprise infrastructure. Our solutions deliver a consistent cloud operating model across edge, private-, hybrid- and multicloud environments for all applications and their data. Our solutions allow organizations to simply run and move their workloads, including enterprise applications, high-performance databases, end-user computing and virtual desktop infrastructure VDI services, container-based modern applications, and analytics applications, between on-premises and public clouds. Our goal is to provide a single, simple, open software platform for all hybrid and multicloud applications and their data. 
 Founded in 2009, we pioneered the hyperconverged infrastructure HCI category, initially combining the disparate IT silos of compute, storage and networking into a single on-premises product which offered simplicity, lower total cost of ownership, scalability and customer choice. We continued to innovate and developed Acropolis Hypervisor AHV - our native hypervisor designed to run all virtualized applications. To give our customers even more choice, we engineered our software solutions to run on a variety of server platforms, decoupling our software from our Nutanix-branded hardware appliances and powering a variety of on-premises private cloud deployments; a significant step in our transition from a hardware to a software company. That transition has continued with the adoption of cloud as a mainstream IT paradigm, which has motivated IT professionals to move toward hybrid cloud architectures that allow businesses to simultaneously utilize a private cloud powered by Nutanix software, along with third-party public cloud infrastructures for maximum flexibility. We continue to transform our software solutions into a comprehensive enterprise cloud platform, based on web-scale engineering principles and with a focus on automation and operational simplicity, which allows our customers to power nearly any scale IT deployment. Although today our customers primarily use our enterprise cloud platform to power their on-premises private cloud deployments, our solutions also simplify the complexities of multicloud environments with a single management console for automation, cost governance and compliance. The end result will be an enterprise cloud platform that empowers our customers to unify operations, infrastructure and data services from the edge, to private cloud and public clouds, allowing IT to choose the right cloud for each application. 
 We operate a subscription-based business model to provide our customers with the flexibility to choose the licensing that works best for them based on their specific business needs. A subscription-based business model means one in which our products, including associated support and entitlement arrangements, are sold with a defined term. For more information, see the section titled Components of Our Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7, as well as Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In fiscal 2023, our subscription billings increased to 93 of total billings, up one percentage point from fiscal 2022, and our subscription revenue reached 1.7 billion, representing a year-over-year increase of 21 . In fiscal 2023, ACV billings was 956.8 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 27 . 
 The Nutanix Cloud Platform 
 Leveraging the foundation of our core HCI technology, the Nutanix Cloud Platform delivers a rich set of products, solutions and services to enable our customers to simply run and manage their private cloud and, increasingly, their public and hybrid multicloud environments. The Nutanix Cloud Platform s scale-out architecture, enterprise-grade data services and freedom of infrastructure choice enable customers to standardize on the Nutanix Cloud Platform as a single cloud platform to run a wide variety of their workloads ranging from end-user computing, VDI, enterprise applications, high-performance databases, and analytics applications to container-based modern applications, artificial intelligence AI ), machine learning ML ), and generative AI workloads. 
 
 1 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In fiscal 2022, we updated our pricing and packaging to simplify our product portfolio and streamline the products and offerings that we have developed over the years. The description of our products and offerings below are based on our new simplified product portfolio, but will also refer, where noted in parentheses, to the product names that we have used in the past. 
 Nutanix Cloud Infrastructure (NCI) Our offerings in hybrid cloud infrastructure combine our core HCI software stack (AOS), native, enterprise-grade hypervisor (AHV), virtual networking, disaster recovery, network and data security and Kubernetes container runtime. 
 AOS . AOS converges virtualization, storage, and networking services into a turnkey solution. AOS supports major hypervisors, including AHV and VMware ESXi, and uses software running across a scale-out cluster of servers to deliver advanced storage capabilities to all workloads running on the cluster. Building on a distributed data fabric, AOS enables robust enterprise storage services across multiple storage protocols. Storage capabilities include snapshots and cloning, performance acceleration capabilities, such as data locality and all flash optimizations, storage optimization, such as deduplication, compression and erasure coding, data protection and disaster recovery features, and data security with software-based data encryption. Our disaster recovery solutions include long distance data replication between multiple sites, advanced failover orchestration capabilities and support for metro high availability configurations, zero data loss synchronous replication and snapshot-based disaster recovery over any distance. 
 AHV . AHV is a native, enterprise-grade virtualization solution that is included with our enterprise cloud platform with no additional software components to license, install or manage. AHV is built upon a widely-used open source hypervisor technology, known as KVM, and extends its base functionality to include additional features for storage performance and workload management, such as virtual machine high availability and live migration. AHV also includes features such as flexible migrations, automated workload placement, security hardening, network virtualization, data protection, disaster recovery and rich analytics. 
 Flow Virtual Networking and Flow Network Security . Flow provides services to visualize the network, automate common network operations, build virtual private networks, and integrate with various third-party networking and security products. Flow Virtual Networking simplifies creation, isolation, and management of software defined networks (SDN) that connect applications running in the hybrid multicloud environments without manual configurations of physical networks. We supplement these networking capabilities with application-centric, stateful, distributed firewall services based on advanced microsegmentation technology (Flow Network Security) that protect applications against internal and external threats. 
 Nutanix Kubernetes Engine (previously known as Karbon) . Our cloud infrastructure stack also provides for automated deployment and management of Kubernetes clusters to simplify the provisioning, operations and lifecycle management of cloud-native environments, containerized applications and microservices. 
 Nutanix Cloud Clusters (NC2) . We provide full automation to deploy our cloud infrastructure stack in public cloud environments like Amazon Web Services AWS and Microsoft Azure as NC2. NC2 provides ultimate flexibility for customers as just another deployment model for their NCI licenses, allowing them to take advantage of the elasticity of public cloud resources while maintaining the same operating model they have been accustomed to on-premises. Elastic disaster recovery, cloud bursting, site consolidation and cloud migration are typical NC2 use cases. 
 
 2 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Nutanix Cloud Management (NCM) Our offerings in cloud management combine Intelligent Operations, Self-Service for infrastructure and applications, Cost Governance and Security Governance for the hybrid multicloud. Intelligent Operations provides critical capabilities such as integrated management, capacity planning, robust operational analytics, automated remediation, and one-click administration (previously known as Prism Pro/Ultimate). Self-Service (previously known as Nutanix Calm) provides automation services that streamline application lifecycle management, self-service provisioning for infrastructure and applications, and powerful hybrid multicloud orchestration. Cost Governance (previously known as Nutanix Beam) provides deep visibility, rich analytics and easy remediation across hybrid multicloud to optimize IT spend. Security Governance (also known as Security Central) enables monitoring, threat detection and remediation of real-time security vulnerabilities and compliance issues. 
 Nutanix Unified Storage (NUS) Our Unified Storage product offering includes scale-out storage services that consolidate management of structured and unstructured data. Nutanix customers can simplify storage operations, while delivering enterprise-grade Network File System (NFS) and Server Message Block (SMB) files services (Nutanix Files), as well as S3-compatible object services (Nutanix Objects), at nearly any scale. NUS can be enabled on a Nutanix HCI cluster next to virtualized workloads or can be deployed as a dedicated cluster, as a full replacement for traditional network files and object storage appliances. In addition to the scale and performance of NUS, we further differentiate NUS with the same focus on simplicity and user experience that Nutanix is known for, as well as with complementary data security governance offerings such as Nutanix Data Lens. 
 Nutanix Database Service (NDB) Previously known as Nutanix Era, NDB provides automated database management to simplify database administration and to efficiently manage database copies that proliferate in most IT environments. NDB supports a variety of databases, both proprietary and open source, and can run both in the private datacenter and in public clouds through Nutanix Cloud Clusters. NDB is a foundational offering in line with our longer-term vision to deliver a portfolio of data-centric platform services in the hybrid multicloud environment. 
 Delivery of Our Solutions 
 The Nutanix Cloud Platform can be deployed on-premises at the edge or in data centers, running on a variety of qualified hardware platforms, in popular public cloud environments such as AWS and Microsoft Azure through Nutanix Cloud Clusters, or, in the case of our cloud-based software and software-as-a-service SaaS offerings, via hosted service. Non-portable software licenses for our platform are delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances, with a license term equal to the life of the associated appliance. Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can also be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Our subscription term-based licenses typically have terms ranging from one to five years. Our cloud-based SaaS subscriptions have terms extending up to five years. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, original equipment manufacturers OEMs or, in limited cases, directly from Nutanix. 
 Our enterprise cloud platform typically includes one or more years of support and entitlements, which provides customers with the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. Purchases of term-based licenses and SaaS subscriptions have support and entitlements included within the subscription fees and are not sold separately. Purchases of non-portable software are typically accompanied by the purchase of separate support and entitlements. 
 
 3 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our Partners 
 We have established relationships with our channel, OEM, ecosystem and cloud partners, all of which help to drive the sale and adoption of our solutions with our end customers. Our solutions can be purchased through one of our channel partners or OEMs. 
 Channel Partners . Our channel partners sell our solutions to end customers, and in certain cases, may also deliver our solutions to end customers through a managed or integrated offering. Our Elevate Partner Program simplifies engagement for our partner ecosystem using a consistent set of tools, resources, and marketing platforms. Our channel partners include distributors, resellers, managed service providers, telcos and global systems integrators. Arrow Electronics, Inc., a distributor to our end customers, represented 32 , 33 and 32 of our total revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Tech Data Corporation, another distributor to our end customers, represented 15 , 15 and 16 of our total revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 
 OEM Partners . Our OEM partners typically pre-install our software on hardware appliances and sell to end customers as an appliance. Our OEM partners can also sell our offerings as software-only to our end customers. Dell Technologies Dell ), Lenovo Group Ltd. Lenovo ), Fujitsu Technology Solutions GmbH Fujitsu ), and Hewlett Packard Enterprise HPE pre-install our software on their hardware to create the Dell XC Series, Lenovo Converged HX Series, Fujitsu XF Series, and HPE DX Series appliances, respectively. HPE also delivers our software with HPE DX Series Servers as a service through the HPE GreenLake offering. Some of our OEM partners also sell associated support offerings. We recently announced a strategic partnership with Cisco Systems, Inc. Cisco to offer a hyperconverged solution that integrates Cisco's Unified Computing and Cisco Intersight with the Nutanix Cloud Platform. 
 Ecosystem Partners . We have developed relationships with a broad range of leading technology companies that help us deliver world-class solutions to our customers. Through the Technology Alliance Partner arm of our Elevate Partner Program, our developer, application, networking and security, data protection, hardware and infrastructure partners receive access to resources that allow them to validate and integrate their products with Nutanix solutions and engage in joint sales training and enablement. Such integrations enable a simpler deployment and consumption experience for our customers in their environments and increases adoption of our enterprise cloud platform. We have also developed and announced strategic technology partnerships that bring together best-in-class solutions across the ecosystem into integrated offerings and demonstrated interoperability and support for our customers, including partnerships with Red Hat, Inc., Citrix Systems, Inc., and Intel Corporation. In addition, we work closely with our technology partners through co-marketing and lead-generation activities in an effort to broaden our marketing reach and help us win new customers while retaining existing ones. 
 Cloud Partners . Our partnerships with public cloud providers help us to realize our vision of a hybrid multicloud. The deployment of Nutanix Cloud Clusters on AWS extends the availability of our core HCI software, along with all of our solutions, to bare metal Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud EC2 instances on AWS. We also have a partnership with Microsoft Corporation Microsoft to offer a hybrid cloud solution on Microsoft Azure by extending Nutanix Cloud Clusters to Azure environments. 
 Our Support Programs 
 Product Support. We offer varying levels of software support to our customers based on their needs. We also offer hardware support for customers who purchase the Nutanix-branded NX configured-to-order hardware appliances. 
 Professional Services. We provide consulting and implementation services to customers through our professional services team for assessment, design, deployment and optimizing of their Nutanix environments. We typically provide these services at the time of initial installation to help the customer with configuration and implementation. 
 
 4 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our End Customers 
 Our solutions serve a broad range of workloads, including enterprise applications, databases, virtual desktop infrastructure, unified communications, and big data analytics, and we support both virtualized and container-based applications. We have end customers across a broad range of industries, such as automotive, consumer goods, education, energy, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, media, public sector, retail, technology, and telecommunications. We also sell to service providers, who utilize our enterprise cloud platform to provide a variety of cloud-based services to their customers. We had a broad and diverse base of over 24,000 end customers as of July 31, 2023, including approximately 1,020 Global 2000 enterprises. We define the number of end customers as the number of end customers for which we have received an order by the last day of the period, excluding partners to which we have sold products for their own demonstration purposes. A single organization or customer may represent multiple end customers for separate divisions, segments, or subsidiaries, and the total number of end customers may contract due to mergers, acquisitions, or other consolidation among existing end customers. 
 Growth Strategy 
 Key elements of our growth strategy include: 
 Continually innovate and maintain technology leadership. Since inception, we have rapidly innovated from supporting limited applications and a single hypervisor to a full enterprise cloud platform that is designed to support a wide variety of workloads across private, public and hybrid multicloud deployments. We intend to continue to invest in developing our enterprise cloud platform with new features, services and solutions to expand our market opportunity in both core and adjacent markets. 

Invest to acquire new end customers. We intend to grow our base of end customers by continuing to invest in sales and marketing, leveraging our network of channel partners and OEMs, growing our business internationally, and extending our enterprise cloud platform to address new customer segments. 

Continue to drive follow-on sales to existing end customers. Our end customers typically deploy our technology initially for a specific project or application deployment. Our sales teams and channel partners then seek to systematically target follow-on sales opportunities to drive additional purchases throughout our broader product portfolio, while also focusing on customer adoption and consumption of their original purchases. We believe this land and expand strategy enables us to quickly expand our footprint within our existing end customer base from follow-on orders that in the aggregate are often multiples of the initial order. 

Enhanced focus on renewals . In addition to our land and expand strategy described above, as part of our transition to a subscription-based model, we have enhanced our focus on renewals, which are typically associated with lower sales costs. 

Deepen engagement with current channel, OEM, cloud and ecosystem partners and establish additional routes to market to enhance sales leverage. We have established channel partnerships globally and have driven engagement and commercial success with several major resellers and distributors. We believe that our OEM relationships can augment our routes to market and that there is a significant opportunity to grow our sales with our channel partners and OEMs. We intend to attract and engage new channel and OEM partners around the globe while also selling our standalone software for deployment on qualified hardware or a hosted service to maximize the availability of our solutions for our customers. We will also continue to establish partnerships with cloud and ecosystem partners to provide our customers with freedom of choice. 

5 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Invest in growth while balancing growth against operating expenses. We intend to continue investing in our growth, while balancing such growth against our operating expenses. By maintaining this balance, we believe we can sustain profitable growth. Key drivers of profitability include growth in renewals (where the cost associated with renewals is generally lower than the cost associated with new subscriptions), driving revenue growth and continuing to leverage sales and marketing efficiencies. 

Sales and Marketing 
 Sales . We primarily engage our end customers through our global sales force who directly interact with key IT decision makers while also providing sales development, opportunity qualification and support to our channel partners. We have established relationships with our channel partners, who represent many of the key resellers and distributors of data center infrastructure software and systems in each of the geographic regions where we operate. We also engage our end customers through our OEM partners, which license our software and package it with their hardware and sell through their direct sales forces and channel partners. We expect to continue leveraging our relationships with our channel and OEM partners, and deepening relationships with our cloud and ecosystem partners, to reach our end customers. 
 Marketing . Our marketing team enables our global sales force and sales via our partner ecosystem. Our marketing focuses on educating our customers, prospects, partners, media and analysts, and influencers about the benefits and business outcomes our cloud software platform and solutions can deliver. The breadth of our product portfolio allows us to engage multiple buyer and user personas across the organization, including senior executives, IT professionals, and developers. We recently launched a modernized brand identity and new strategic narrative that highlights our evolution in corporate positioning from being the pioneer and a leader in HCI to now solving the market s toughest challenges in operating hybrid multicloud environments. We engage buyers through a variety of outbound and inbound marketing programs that include email, digital marketing, corporate and third-party events that generate customer and prospect awareness - including our annual user event .NEXT, in-person and virtual demand generation activities, social media outreach, media and analyst relations activities, learning certifications, community programs, platform test drives, thought leadership, and our website. Our robust community empowers customers and partners to share and discuss best practices for leveraging our solutions as well as network with peers. We foster strategic marketing partnerships with our ecosystem of technology, channel, OEM, system integrator, and service provider partners to expand market reach, increase brand awareness, and drive business growth. Through our unified Elevate Partner Program, we offer qualified partners access to market development funds, co-branded marketing campaigns, joint demand programs, and comprehensive learning paths. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development efforts are focused primarily on improving current technology, developing new technologies in current and adjacent markets and supporting existing end customer deployments. Our research and development teams primarily consist of distributed systems software and user interface engineers. A large portion of our research and development team is based in San Jose, California. We also maintain research and development centers in India, North Carolina, Washington, Serbia, and Germany. We plan to dedicate significant resources to our continued research and development efforts and intend to continue to grow our global research and development and engineering teams to enhance our solutions, improve integration with new and existing ecosystem partners and broaden the range of IT infrastructure technologies that we converge into our enterprise cloud platform. We believe that these investments will contribute to our long-term growth, although they may adversely affect our profitability in the near-term. 
 
 6 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Manufacturing 
 We do not manufacture any hardware. The Nutanix-branded NX series appliances, including those that are delivered by us, are manufactured for us based on our specifications by Super Micro Computer, Inc. Supermicro ). Supermicro designs, assembles and tests the Nutanix-branded NX series appliances and it procures the components used in the NX series appliances directly from third-party suppliers. Our agreement with Supermicro automatically renews annually in May for successive one-year periods thereafter, with the option to terminate upon each annual renewal. Distributors handle fulfillment and shipment for certain end customers, but do not hold inventory. 
 Competition 
 We operate in the intensely competitive IT infrastructure market and compete primarily with companies that sell software and hardware to build and operate private clouds, integrated systems and standalone storage and servers, as well as providers of public cloud infrastructure solutions. These markets are characterized by constant change and rapid innovation. Our main competitors fall into the following categories: 
 software providers, such as VMware, Inc. VMware (which has agreed to be acquired by Broadcom Inc.), that offer a broad range of virtualization, infrastructure and management products to build and operate enterprise and hybrid clouds; 

providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings, such as AWS, Google Cloud, Oracle Cloud, and Microsoft Azure; and 

traditional IT systems vendors, such as Dell, HPE, Hitachi Data Systems Hitachi ), International Business Machines IBM ), Lenovo, Pure Storage, Inc. Pure Storage ), NetApp, Inc. NetApp ), and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. Huawei ), that offer integrated systems that include bundles of servers, storage and networking solutions, as well as a broad range of standalone server and storage products. 

As the market in which we compete continues to develop, we expect it will continue to attract new companies as well as existing larger vendors. Some of our competitors may also expand their product offerings, acquire competing businesses, sell at lower prices, bundle with other products and capabilities (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI capabilities), provide closed technology platforms, partner with other companies to develop joint solutions, or otherwise attempt to gain a competitive advantage. Furthermore, as we expand our product offerings, we may expand into new markets and we may encounter additional competitors in such markets. Additionally, as companies increasingly offer competing solutions, they may be less willing to cooperate with us as an OEM or otherwise. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include: 
 product features and capabilities; 

system scalability, performance and resiliency; 

management and operations, including provisioning, troubleshooting, analytics, automation, and upgrades; 

total cost of ownership over the lifetime of the technology; 

customer freedom of choice over, and product interoperability with, third-party applications, infrastructure software, infrastructure systems, and platforms and public clouds; 

application mobility across disparate silos of enterprise computing, including public and private cloud infrastructure; and 

quality of customer experience, including usability, support and professional services. 

7 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are also venturing into a number of markets that are adjacent to our core HCI market, both through the expansion in hybrid multicloud environments as well as through our addition of new functionality in our cloud platform and through portfolio products. These adjacent markets include areas such as cloud disaster recovery, data services for Kubernetes, data governance and compliance, cloud management, files and object storage, and database automation and database-as-a-service. Competitors in these markets include large, sophisticated companies that may have more experience or longer operating histories in these markets as well as new entrants. 
 We believe that we are positioned favorably against our competitors based on these factors. However, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, greater brand recognition, larger sales forces and marketing budgets, a larger existing customer base, broader distribution, and larger and more mature intellectual property portfolios. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our success depends in part upon our ability to protect and use our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and employee nondisclosure and invention assignment agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. As of July 31, 2023, we had 420 United States patents that have been issued and 205 non-provisional patent applications pending in the United States. Our issued U.S. patents expire between 2031 and 2041. We also leverage some open source software in most of our products. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further discussion of risks related to protecting our intellectual property. 
 Facilities 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in San Jose, California where, under lease agreements that expire through May 2030, we currently lease approximately 333,000 square feet of space. Following an evaluation of our longer-term facilities plans due to our transition to a hybrid work environment, we entered into amendments to these lease agreements to reduce our leased space to approximately 215,000 square feet beginning in June 2024. We also maintain offices in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa. We lease all of our facilities and do not own any real property. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, we would lease suitable additional space to accommodate our operations. 
 Government Regulation 
 Our business activities are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations has not had, and is not expected to have, a material effect on our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position as compared to prior periods. Nevertheless, compliance with existing or future governmental regulations, including, but not limited to, those pertaining to global trade, acquisitions, data protection and data privacy, employment and labor, and taxes could have a material impact on our business in subsequent periods. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, for further discussion of risks related to the potential impact of government regulation on our business. 
 Employees and Human Capital 
 We had approximately 6,450 employees worldwide as of July 31, 2023. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor organization or are a party to any collective bargaining arrangement. In certain European countries in which we operate, we are subject to, and comply with, local labor law requirements in relation to the establishment of works councils and/or industry-wide collective bargaining agreements. We are often required to consult and seek the consent or advice of these works councils. We have never had a work stoppage and we consider our relationship with our employees to be good. 
 
 8 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We understand the importance of human capital and prioritize building our culture, talent development, compensation and benefits, and diversity and inclusion. Our human capital resources objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. 
 Diversity, Equity, Inclusion and Belonging 
 At Nutanix, we value that our differences make us stronger: our diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives when shared, make us a more innovative and resilient team, and we can better delight and serve our customers when our teams reflect the diversity of the businesses and communities we serve. Attracting, fostering, developing and retaining a diverse, inclusive culture is essential to the continued success of our business. 
 Promoting diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging DEIB in our workforce is among our key corporate objectives, and to further support this objective we have implemented a number of initiatives, including expanding our employee resource groups, continuing our company-wide diversity training and overall education efforts, as well as mentorship programs and forming global, cross-functional DEIB advisory groups. Our President and CEO, Rajiv Ramaswami, signed the CEO Action (an equity-focused organization) pledge and by so doing joined a global community of CEOs dedicated to driving measurable collective action and meaningful change. 
 Total Rewards 
 We believe a robust, equitable, and competitive Total Rewards portfolio is essential to attracting and retaining diverse talent that moves Nutanix forward. We design reward and recognition programs that resonate wherever our talent sits in the world. Our reward packages are carefully crafted to offer physical, mental/emotional, and financial support to our employees and their families. We regularly review our programs and encourage employee feedback about what they value most. In addition to specifically tailored packages for each country based on local market practice and the competitive landscape, we also provide a range of globally available support programs such as an Employee Assistance Program, online health engagement and child development support. 
 Health, Wellness, and Safety 
 The health and safety of employees and others on our property are a top priority. We also focus on compliance with all health and safety laws applicable to our business. To that end, appropriate requirements are implemented, as needed, in order to comply with public health or safety obligations. In addition, we rely upon employees to ensure that work areas are kept safe and free of hazardous conditions. Employees are required to be conscientious about workplace safety. In compliance with applicable laws, and to promote the concept of a safe workplace, we maintain an Injury and Illness Prevention Program. We also continue to support the well-being and continued development of our employees by offering well-being days, during which all employees may enjoy private time away from work requirements. 
 
 9 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Growth and Development 
 We challenge our employees to constantly learn, continuously improve, and eternally evolve -- and to that end we invest resources to foster a learning culture throughout our company and to empower our employees to drive their personal and professional growth by equipping them with onboarding and learning programs. Our learning programs include digital learning, speed coaching, customized learning workshops, management enablement and skills training for current, new and future managers, training on diversity, inclusion, and belonging, language learning programs, and employee wellness programs. We believe that by empowering our employees as they strive to grow personally and professionally, we will be able to build a flexible and resilient workforce and maintain and nurture a robust pipeline of talent to fuel our future growth and strategy. 
 We recognize and value the continuous evolution and refinement of our company culture, while staying true to our Core Values which ask each employee to operate with a mindset of remaining Hungry, Humble, Honest and always acting with Heart. For fiscal 2024, we are introducing a rebranding of our Culture Principles, developed with input from employees in every function, region, and level of Nutanix. These new Culture Principles are encapsulated as follows: 
 We Own It 

We Work As One Team 

We Obsess Over Our Customers Success 

We Think Long-Term 

Each of these Culture Principles aligns with our Core Values and represents the beliefs that inform all kinds of decisions at our company from how we hire, to how we develop our products and services, to how we work with our customers. 
 Information about Segment and Geographic Areas 
 The segment and geographic information required herein is contained in Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in Delaware in September 2009 as Nutanix, Inc. Our principal executive offices are located at 1740 Technology Drive, Suite 150, San Jose, California 95110, and our telephone number is (408) 216-8360. We have operations throughout North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa. Our website address is www.nutanix.com. Information contained on or accessible through our website is neither a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K nor incorporated by reference herein, and any references to our website and the inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 10 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website is located at www.nutanix.com and our investors relations website is located at ir.nutanix.com. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. This Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge on the investor relations portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov that has, or will have, all of our public filings, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, our Proxy Statements and other ownership-related filings. We use our investor relations website as well as social media as channels of distribution for important company information. For example, webcasts of our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community are on our investor relations website. Additionally, we announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial performance, SEC filings, notices of investor events and our press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website. It is possible that the information we post on social media could be deemed to be material information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media and others interested in our company to review the information we post on social media channels listed on our investor relations website. Investors and others can receive notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website in real time by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters and code of business conduct and ethics, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading Governance Documents. Information contained on or accessible through our websites are neither a part of nor incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other report or document we file with or furnish to the SEC, and any references to our websites and the inclusion of our website addresses in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 11 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before making a decision to invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face; additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that affect our business. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flows and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our securities could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. In addition, the global macroeconomic environment remains uncertain, which may adversely impact our business, operating results, cash flows, and prospects. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business and an investment in our securities are subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and prospects. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 our ability to achieve our business plans, vision, and objectives, including our growth and go-to-market strategies, successfully and in a timely manner; 

macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions, industry trends, and technological developments, including disruptions and delays in global supply chains; 

the competitive market, including our competitive position and advantages and ability to compete effectively; 

our ability to predict future financial performance from our historical financial performance; 

our ability to remediate the previously-identified material weakness in our internal controls and maintain an effective system of internal controls; 

our ability to address customer needs and expand or maintain our customer base; 

our platform, solutions, products, services and technology, including their interoperability and availability with and on third-party platforms and technologies, and current and future product roadmaps, including expanding our AI-related capabilities; 

our reliance on key personnel and ability to attract, train, incentivize, retain, and/or ramp to full productivity, qualified employees and key personnel; 

our ability to form new or maintain and strengthen existing, strategic alliances and partnerships, as well as our ability to manage any changes thereto; 

our reliance on key manufacturers, suppliers or other vendors; 

our ability to obtain, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights; 

any business model transitions (including our transition to a subscription-based business model); 

the impact of a pandemic or major public health concern on our business, operations, financial performance, and stock price; 

any changes to, or failure to comply with, laws and regulations, as well as the impact of and any regulatory investigations and enforcement actions and other legal proceedings, including any pending or future class action lawsuits; 

12 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 complex and evolving U.S. and foreign privacy, data use and data protection, content, competition, consumer protection, and other laws and regulations; 

the occurrence of security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, and other cyber incidents or undesirable activity on our platform; and 

investors and other stakeholders expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors. 

Risks Related to Our Convertible Notes 
 our ability to service our outstanding convertible notes, including the sufficiency of our cash, or our ability to raise necessary funds, to settle conversions of the notes, repay the notes at maturity, or repurchase the notes upon a fundamental change; and 

the impact of certain provisions of our outstanding convertible notes on our financial condition and operating results, as well as the value of the notes and the price of our securities. 

Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 any volatility and decline in the market price and/or trading volume of our securities, including as a result of financial or industry analyst reports or a lack thereof; 

any dilutive impact of actual or perceived sales of substantial amounts of our securities in the public markets and/or the conversion of our outstanding convertible notes; 

any limitations on the ability of holders of our securities to influence corporate matters due to certain provisions of our organizational documents or under Delaware law; 

restrictions on our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees; and 

our plans regarding payment of any future dividends. 

13 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We have a history of losses, and we may not be able to maintain profitability on a non-GAAP basis or achieve profitability on a GAAP basis in the future. 
 We have incurred GAAP net losses in all periods since our inception, and we expect that we will continue to incur GAAP net losses for the foreseeable future. We experienced GAAP net losses of 1.0 billion, 798.9 million and 254.6 million for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. As of July 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 4.6 billion. In addition to the investments we expect to continue to make to grow our business, we also incur and expect to continue incurring significant additional legal, accounting and other expenses as a public company. While we achieved profitability on a non-GAAP basis in fiscal 2023, if we fail to increase our revenue and manage our expenses, we may not be able to maintain profitability on a non-GAAP basis or achieve profitability on a GAAP basis in the future. 
 Adverse or uncertain macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions or reduced IT spending may adversely impact our business, revenues and profitability. 
 Our business, operations and performance are dependent in part on worldwide market, economic and financial conditions and events that may be outside of our control, such as global, regional, and local economic developments, fiscal, monetary and tax policies, high inflation, rising interest rates, recession, political and social unrest, terrorist attacks, hostilities or the perception that hostilities may be imminent, military conflict, war, including the ongoing war in Ukraine and related sanctions as well as measures taken in response to such sanctions, malicious human acts, climate change, natural disasters (including extreme weather), pandemics or other major public health concerns and other similar events, and the impact these conditions and events have on the overall demand for enterprise computing infrastructure solutions and on the economic health and general willingness of our current and prospective end customers to purchase our solutions and to continue spending on IT in general. The global macroeconomic environment has been, and may continue to be, inconsistent, challenging and unpredictable due to pandemics, international trade disputes or tensions, tariffs, including those imposed by the U.S. government on Chinese imports to the United States, restrictions on sales and technology transfers, rising interest and inflation rates, uncertainties related to changes in public policies such as domestic and international regulations and fiscal and monetary stimulus measures, taxes, or international trade agreements, actual or potential government shutdowns, elections and any related political instability, geopolitical turmoil and civil unrests, instability in the global credit markets, uncertainties regarding the effects of the United Kingdom s separation from the European Union, commonly known as Brexit, and other disruptions to global and regional economies and markets. 
 These macroeconomic challenges and uncertainties have, and may continue to, put pressure on global economic conditions and overall IT spending and may cause our end customers to modify spending priorities or delay or abandon purchasing decisions, thereby lengthening sales cycles and potentially lowering prices for our solutions, and may make it difficult for us to forecast our sales and operating results and to make decisions about future investments, any of which could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 14 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving, which make it difficult to forecast end customer adoption rates and demand for our solutions. 
 The markets in which we compete are rapidly evolving. Accordingly, our future financial performance will depend in large part on the allocation of spending in traditional IT markets and on our ability to adapt to new market demands. Currently, sales of our solutions are dependent in large part upon replacement of spending in traditional markets, including x86 servers, storage systems and virtualization software. In addition, as we continue to develop new solutions designed to address new market demands, sales of our solutions will in part depend on capturing new spending in these markets, including public cloud and hybrid cloud services. Moreover, in recent years, an increasing number of customers have been allocating their IT spending toward artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI capabilities. The IT infrastructure market for artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI workloads is expected to be an intensely competitive and rapidly evolving market, and our future financial performance may depend on our ability to adapt to, and capture new spending, in this market. If the markets in which we compete experience a shift in customer demand, or if customers in these markets focus their new spending on, or shift their existing spending to, public cloud solutions or other solutions that do not interoperate with our solutions more quickly or more extensively than expected, our solutions may not compete as effectively, if at all. It is also difficult to predict end customer demand or adoption rates for our solutions or the future growth of our market. 
 In addition, we have estimated the size of our total addressable market based on internally generated data and assumptions, as well as data published by third parties, which we have not independently verified. While we believe these estimates are reasonable, such information is inherently imprecise and subject to a high degree of uncertainty. If our third-party or internally generated data prove to be inaccurate or we make errors in our assumptions based on that data, our actual market may be more limited than our estimates. In addition, these inaccuracies or errors may cause us to misallocate capital and other critical business resources, which could harm our business. Even if our total addressable market meets our size estimates and experiences growth, we may not continue to grow our share of the market. 
 If end customers do not adopt our solutions, our ability to grow our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Traditional IT infrastructure architecture is entrenched in the data centers of many of our end customers because of their historical financial investment in existing IT infrastructure architecture and the existing knowledge base and skill sets of their IT administrators. As a result, our sales and marketing efforts often involve extensive efforts to educate our end customers as to the benefits and capabilities of our solutions, particularly as we introduce new products and continue to pursue large organizations as end customers. If we fail to achieve market acceptance of our solutions, our ability to grow our business and our operating results will be adversely affected. 
 
 15 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have experienced significant growth in prior periods and we may not be able to sustain or manage any future growth effectively. 
 We have expanded our overall business and operations significantly in prior periods. Our employee headcount has increased significantly since our inception. We anticipate that our operating expenses will increase in the long term as we scale our business, including in developing and improving our new and existing solutions, expanding our sales and marketing capabilities and global coverage, and in providing general and administrative resources to support our growth. In addition, as we continue to grow our business in the long term, we must effectively train, integrate, develop, motivate and retain a large number of new employees, as well as existing employees who are promoted or moved into new roles, while maintaining the effectiveness of our business execution. The failure to manage these changes could significantly delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. In particular, our success depends heavily on our ability to ramp new sales teams in a fast and effective manner and retain those sales teams. In recent years, we have also seen higher-than-normal attrition among our sales representatives and while we are actively recruiting additional sales representatives, it will take time to replace, train, and ramp them to full productivity, and if we are unable to do so, we may not be able to achieve our growth targets. We must also continue to improve and expand our IT and financial infrastructure, management systems and product management and sales processes. We expect that our future growth will continue to place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources, and we may not be able to sustain or manage any future growth effectively. We may make investments or otherwise incur costs associated with future growth that may not translate into billings or revenues or otherwise result in the realization of their anticipated benefits within the expected timeframe or at all, and the return on these investments may be lower, if any, or may develop more slowly than we expect. 
 If we are unable to sustain or manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to take advantage of market opportunities. We also may fail to satisfy end customers requirements, maintain product quality, execute on our business plan or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Our continued focus on growth may negatively impact our ability to achieve or maintain profitability in the near term. 
 We intend to continue balancing our growth against our operating expenses. However, maintaining this balance may negatively impact our ability to achieve, or subsequently maintain, profitability on a GAAP basis in the near term. Further, expenditures related to expanding our research and development efforts, sales and marketing efforts, our transition to a subscription-based business model, infrastructure and other such investments may not ultimately grow our business, billings or revenue or result in future profitability. If we are ultimately unable to achieve or maintain profitability at the level anticipated by analysts and our stockholders, the price of our securities may decline, potentially significantly. 
 The enterprise IT market is rapidly changing and expanding, and we expect competition to continue to intensify in the future from both established competitors and new market entrants. 
 We operate in the intensely competitive enterprise IT infrastructure market and compete primarily with companies that sell software and hardware to build and operate enterprise clouds, integrated systems and standalone storage and servers, as well as providers of public cloud infrastructure solutions. These markets are characterized by constant change and rapid innovation. Our main competitors fall into the following categories: 
 software providers, such as VMware (which has agreed to be acquired by Broadcom Inc.), that offer a broad range of virtualization, infrastructure and management products to build and operate enterprise and hybrid clouds; 

16 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 providers of public cloud infrastructure and SaaS-based offerings, such as AWS, Google Cloud, Oracle Cloud, and Microsoft Azure; and 

traditional IT systems vendors, such as Dell, HPE, Hitachi, IBM, Lenovo, Pure Storage, NetApp, and Huawei, that offer integrated systems that include bundles of servers, storage and networking solutions, as well as a broad range of standalone server and storage products. 

As the market in which we compete continues to develop, we expect it will continue to attract new companies as well as existing larger vendors. Some of our competitors may also expand their product offerings, acquire competing businesses, sell at lower prices, bundle with other products and capabilities (including artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI capabilities), provide closed technology platforms, partner with other companies to develop joint solutions, or otherwise attempt to gain a competitive advantage. Furthermore, as we expand our product offerings, we may expand into new markets and we may encounter additional competitors in such markets. Additionally, as companies increasingly offer competing solutions, they may be less willing to cooperate with us as an OEM or otherwise. 
 Many of our existing competitors have, and some of our potential competitors may have, competitive advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand awareness and name recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios and broader global presence and distribution networks. Moreover, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources and the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition, such as VMware s pending acquisition by Broadcom Inc. Furthermore, some of our competitors have access to larger customer bases and supply a wide variety of products to, and have well-established relationships with, our current and prospective end customers. Some of these competitors have in the past and may in the future take advantage of their existing relationships with end customers, distributors or resellers to provide incentives to such current or prospective end customers that make their products more economically attractive or to interfere with our ability to offer our solutions to our end customers. Our competitors may also be able to offer products or functionality similar to ours at a more attractive price, such as by integrating or bundling their solutions with their other product offerings or those of technology partners or establishing cooperative relationships with other competitors, technology partners or other third parties. Potential end customers may prefer to purchase from their existing suppliers rather than a new supplier, especially given the significant investments that they have historically made in their legacy infrastructures. Some of our competitors may also have stronger or broader relationships with technology partners than we do, which could make their products more attractive than ours. We have also ventured into a number of markets that are adjacent to our core HCI market, both through the expansion of HCI in hybrid multicloud environments as well as through our emerging products, and some of our competitors in these adjacent markets have more experience with those markets and more resources targeted at penetration of those markets than we do. As a result, we cannot assure you that our solutions will compete favorably, and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 
 In addition, in recent years, an increasing number of customers have been allocating their IT spending toward artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI capabilities. The IT infrastructure market for artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI workloads is also expected to be an intensely competitive and rapidly evolving market. 
 
 17 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Developments or improvements in enterprise IT infrastructure technologies may materially and adversely affect the demand for our solutions. 
 Significant developments in enterprise IT infrastructure technologies, such as advances in storage, virtualization, containers, networking, disaster recovery, edge computing, management software and public cloud and hybrid cloud infrastructure solutions, may materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. Any failure by us to develop new or enhanced technologies or processes, to react to changes or advances in existing technologies or to correctly anticipate these changes or advances as we create and invest in our product roadmap, could materially delay our development and introduction of new solutions, which could result in the loss of competitiveness of our solutions, decreased revenue and a loss of market share to competitors. In addition, public cloud infrastructure offers alternatives to the on-premises infrastructure deployments that our platform currently primarily supports. Various factors could cause the rate of adoption of public cloud infrastructure to increase, including decreases in the price of public cloud offerings, increased interoperability with on-premises infrastructure solutions that compete with our solutions, and improvements in the ability of public cloud providers to deliver reliable performance, enhanced security, better application compatibility and more precise infrastructure control. In addition, the rate of adoption of public cloud infrastructure could increase due to increased customer interest in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and generative AI capabilities that may be offered by public cloud providers. Any of these factors could make our platform less competitive as compared to the public cloud, and could materially and adversely affect the demand for our solutions. 
 Our historical financial performance, including revenue growth, may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 Our historical financial performance, including revenue growth, may not be indicative of our future performance. For example, while we have historically experienced significant revenue growth, our total revenue growth slowed in recent periods, due in large part to our transitions from hardware to software-only sales, and from life-of-device to a subscription license model, and these transitions make it difficult to compare historical results. 
 In addition, our transition toward a subscription-based model has resulted in impacts to our revenue in the short term compared to our historical results. The revenue associated with certain subscription purchases is recognized ratably over the term of the subscription, resulting in less upfront revenue as compared to our historical life-of-device and term-based software-only transactions. Also, the revenue we recognize from subscription sales, even if recognized upfront, may in some instances have a lower total dollar value than those associated with licenses for the life of the device because they may be of a shorter term than the life of the device. Furthermore, such downward impact on average term lengths may have been further exacerbated by our transition to an ACV-based sales compensation structure during fiscal 2021. This may also make it difficult to rapidly increase our revenue in any period through additional sales. 
 Following our transition to software-only sales and due to our transition toward a subscription-based model, our success will also depend heavily on the ability of our sales team to adjust their strategy to focus on software-only and subscription-based sales effectively and in a timely manner. Furthermore, our customers may not understand these changes to our product sales, and investors, industry and financial analysts may have difficulty understanding the changes to our business model, resulting in changes in financial estimates or failure to meet investor expectations. As our business changes, the transitions may make it more difficult to accurately project our operating results or plan for future growth. Accordingly, you should not rely on our revenue growth for any prior periods as an indication of our future revenue or revenue growth. 
 
 18 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate the identified material weakness, or if we experience additional material weaknesses or deficiencies in the future or if we otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market. We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls, internal control over financial reporting and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. 
 As initially disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 24, 2023, we had identified control deficiencies that, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In particular, we determined that our controls did not effectively provide the information necessary for our risk assessment process to identify non-compliant use of third-party software as a risk of material misstatement in our financial reporting and we did not effectively reinforce the importance of raising concerns about perceived unethical conduct in a timely manner. 
 While our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, has made significant progress toward remediating this material weakness, our management determined that this material weakness has not yet been fully remediated. For more information about our remediation efforts, refer to Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our management has implemented many of the remedial measures outlined in the remediation plan initially disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 24, 2023 and remains in the process of implementing the remaining remedial measures. This identified material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. As management continues to evaluate and work to enhance our internal control over financial reporting, management may take additional measures to address control deficiencies or we may modify some of the remediation measures. Despite these efforts, we may nevertheless be unsuccessful in remediating this identified material weakness. Further, additional weaknesses in our internal controls may be discovered in the future. Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls, or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal controls also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting that we are required to include in our periodic reports we will file with the SEC under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the market price of our securities. 
 
 19 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In order to restore, maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to comply with the SEC rules that implement Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have expended and anticipate that we may continue to expend significant resources and undertake various actions, including implementing our remediation plan, incurring accounting-related costs, implementing new internal controls and procedures, and providing significant management oversight. Any failure to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could increase our operating costs and could materially impair our ability to operate our business and could have a material and adverse effect on our operating results and could cause a decline in the price of our securities. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to maintain our listing on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 Matters arising out of or relating to our Audit Committee s previously completed investigation, including risks associated with litigation and any regulatory investigations and proceedings, may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 As initially disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, with the assistance of outside counsel, completed its investigation into our management's discovery that certain third-party evaluation software that was used for interoperability testing, validation, customer proofs of concept, training and customer support over a multi-year period. The matters which led to our Audit Committee s review and our internal accounting review have exposed us to greater risks associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and government enforcement actions. We have incurred significant expenses related to legal, accounting, and other professional services associated with the completed Audit Committee investigation and related matters and may continue to incur significant additional expenses with regard to related remediation efforts. To the extent that our remedial efforts are not successful, we could be forced to incur additional time and expense. Furthermore, if the SEC were to commence an investigation, we could incur significant additional time and expense, including expenses related to accounting, legal and other professional services, in connection with the investigation, the outcome of which would be difficult to predict. If the SEC were to commence legal action, we could be required to pay significant penalties and become subject to injunctions, a cease and desist order and other equitable remedies. 
 Following our announcement of the investigation, a putative federal securities class action was filed in the Northern District of California against us and certain of our current and former executive officers alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, alleging misstatements and/or omissions in certain of our financial statements, press releases, and SEC filings made during the putative class period of September 21, 2021 through March 6, 2023 and a putative stockholder derivative action was filed in the Northern District of California against us and our directors alleging violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, breach of fiduciary duties, and aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duties. We could also become subject to additional future lawsuits or future regulatory investigations or proceedings relating to the subject matter of the investigation. We intend to vigorously defend against these lawsuits, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in any defense. Any existing or future lawsuits and/or any future regulatory investigations or proceedings could be time-consuming, result in significant expense and divert the attention and resources of our management and other key employees, as well as harm our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations. Any unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, we could be required to pay damages or additional penalties or have other remedies imposed against us, or our current or former directors or officers, which could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 20 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If other IT vendors do not cooperate with us to ensure that our solutions interoperate with their products, including by providing us with early access to their new products or information about their new products, our product development efforts may be delayed or impaired, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 
 Our solutions provide a platform on which software applications and hypervisors from different software providers run. As a result, our solutions must interoperate with our end customers existing hardware and software infrastructure, specifically their networks, servers, software and operating systems, as well as the applications that they run on this infrastructure, which may be manufactured and provided by a wide variety of vendors and OEMs. In addition to ensuring that our solutions interoperate with these hardware and software products initially, we must occasionally update our software to ensure that our solutions continue to interoperate with new or updated versions of these hardware and software products. Current or future providers of hardware, software applications, hypervisors or data management tools could make changes that would diminish the ability of our solutions to interoperate with them, and significant additional time and effort may be necessary to ensure the continued compatibility of our solutions, which might not be possible at all. Even if our solutions are compatible with those of other providers, if they do not certify or support our solutions for their systems or cooperate with us to coordinate troubleshooting and hand off of support cases, end customers may be reluctant to buy our solutions, which could decrease demand for our solutions and harm our ability to achieve a return on the investments and resources that we have dedicated to ensuring compatibility. Developing solutions that interoperate properly requires substantial partnering, capital investment and employee resources, as well as the cooperation of the vendors or developers of the software applications and hypervisors both with respect to product development and product support. Vendors may not provide us with early or any access to their technology and products, assist us in these development efforts, certify our solutions, share with or sell to us any application programming interfaces APIs ), formats, or protocols we may need, or cooperate with us to support end customers. If they do not provide us with the necessary access, assistance or proprietary technology on a timely basis or at all, we may experience product development delays or be unable to ensure the compatibility of our solutions with such new technology or products. To the extent that vendors develop products that compete with ours, they have in the past, and may again in the future, withhold their cooperation, decline to share access, certify our solutions or sell or make available to us their proprietary APIs, protocols or formats or engage in practices to actively limit the functionality, or compatibility, and certification of our products. If any of the foregoing occurs, our product development efforts may be delayed or impaired, our solutions could become less attractive to end customers resulting in a decline in sales, and our business, operating results and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 If we fail to successfully execute on our plan to sell more cloud services, which would be sold on a ratable subscription-basis, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We have sold and anticipate selling more of our products and services as cloud-based offerings - which include offerings hosted on public cloud infrastructure as well as part of our own Nutanix Cloud Platform - on a ratable subscription basis. While cloud-based offerings currently make up a small portion of our business, this shift has required and will continue to require a considerable investment of resources and will continue to divert resources and increase costs, especially in cost of license and other revenues, in any given period. We have also made, and intend to continue to make, investments in the supporting infrastructure for such cloud-based offerings that we host, and may not recoup the costs of such investments. Such investments of resources may also not improve our long-term growth and results of operations. Further, the increase in some costs associated with our cloud-based services may be difficult to predict over time, especially in light of our lack of historical experience with the costs of delivering cloud-based versions of our solutions. 
 
 21 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We believe our plan has certain advantages; however, it also presents a number of risks to us including, but not limited to, the following: 
 arrangements entered into on a ratable subscription basis may delay when we can recognize revenue, even when compared to similar term-based subscription sales, which we currently recognize upfront, and can require up-front costs, which may be significant; 

since revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the customer agreement, any decrease in customer purchases of our ratable subscription-based products and services will not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. This will also make it difficult for us to increase our revenue through additional ratable subscription sales in any given period; 

cloud-based ratable subscription arrangements are generally under short-term agreements. Accordingly, our customers generally have no long-term obligation to us and may cancel their subscription at any time, even if our customers are satisfied with our cloud-based subscription products; and 

there is no assurance that the cloud-based solutions we offer on a ratable subscription basis, including new products that we may introduce, will receive broad marketplace acceptance. 

If we fail to properly execute on our plan to sell more of our products and services as cloud-based offerings on a ratable subscription basis, our business and operating results would be adversely affected, and the price of our securities could decline. 
 If we fail to develop or introduce new or enhanced solutions on a timely or cost-effective basis, our ability to attract and retain end customers could be impaired and our brand, reputation and competitive position could be harmed. 
 We operate in a dynamic environment characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry standards and technological obsolescence. We will need to continue to create valuable software solutions and integrate these solutions across hardware platforms. To compete successfully, we must design, develop, market and sell new or enhanced solutions that provide increasingly higher levels of performance, capacity, scalability, security, interoperability, application mobility and reliability and meet the cost expectations of our end customers. The introduction of new products by our competitors, the market acceptance of products based on new or alternative technologies, including AI capabilities, or the emergence of new industry standards could render our existing or future solutions obsolete or less attractive to end customers. Any failure to anticipate or develop new or enhanced solutions or technologies, including AI capabilities, in a timely or cost-effective manner in response to technological shifts, could result in decreased revenue and harm to our business and prospects. Any new feature or application that we develop or acquire may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner and may not achieve broad market acceptance and investments in research and development or efforts to optimize our engineering cost structure may not be successful. In particular, if we fail to timely release new products, technology or services that we previously announced, our brand and reputation could be harmed. If we fail to introduce new or enhanced solutions that meet the needs of our end customers or penetrate new markets in a timely fashion, we will lose market share and our business, operating results and prospects will be adversely affected. 
 
 22 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Investing in our AI capabilities introduces risks, which, if realized, could adversely impact our business. 
 We are making investments in our artificial intelligence capabilities in our business, products, and services, including making our Nutanix Cloud Platform the platform of choice for customers deploying machine learning and artificial intelligence workloads. As part of these efforts, we recently introduced GPT-in-a-Box, which addresses the challenges that enterprises face when adopting generative AI and AI/ML applications by providing our full-stack software-defined AI-ready platform with services designed to facilitate customers deployment of their generative AI workloads. AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition from other companies as well as an evolving regulatory landscape. The introduction of AI technologies into new or existing products may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, privacy, confidentiality or security risks, ethical concerns, legal liability, or other complications that could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. The intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding AI technologies has not been fully addressed by. laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of third-party AI technologies into our business operations, products and services may result in exposure to claims of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation, as well as potential liability to customers. 
 AI technologies may use algorithms, datasets, or training methodologies that may be flawed or contain deficiencies that may be difficult to detect during testing. AI technologies, including generative AI, may create content that appears correct but is factually inaccurate, flawed or biased. Use of such content may be to the detriment of the user, or it may lead to discriminatory or other adverse outcomes, which may expose us to brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, and/or legal liability. The use of AI technologies presents emerging ethical and social issues that may result in brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, and/or legal liability. 
 If we are not successful in executing our strategy to increase sales of our solutions to new and existing large organizations, service providers and government entities, our operating results may suffer. 
 Our growth strategy is dependent in large part upon increasing sales of our solutions to new and existing large enterprises, service providers and government entities, particularly when such sales result in large orders for our solutions. Sales to these end customers involve risks that may not be present, or that are present to a lesser extent, with sales to smaller end customers, which can act as a disincentive to our sales team to pursue these larger end customers. These risks include: 
 competition from companies that traditionally target larger enterprises, service providers and government entities and that may have pre-existing relationships or purchase commitments from such end customers; 

increased purchasing power and leverage held by large end customers in negotiating contractual arrangements with us; 

more stringent requirements in our support service contracts, including demand for quicker support response times and penalties for any failure to meet support requirements; and 

longer sales cycles and the associated risk that substantial time and resources may be spent on a potential end customer that elects not to purchase our solutions. 

23 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Large organizations often undertake a significant evaluation process that results in a lengthy sales cycle. Although we have a channel sales model, our sales representatives typically engage in direct interaction with our prospective end customers as well as our distributors and resellers. We typically provide evaluation products to these end customers and may spend substantial time, effort and money in our sales efforts to these prospective end customers. In addition, product purchases by large organizations are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unanticipated administrative, processing and other delays. Finally, large organizations typically have longer implementation cycles, require greater product functionality and scalability, require a broader range of services, demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks, require acceptance provisions that can lead to a delay in revenue recognition, expect greater payment flexibility and may also have a greater ability to resist any attempts to pass on increases in our operating and procurement costs. Given these variables, it can be difficult for us to estimate when an expected sale from a large organization, service provider or government entity may occur, and our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results may be adversely affected. If we fail to realize an expected sale from a large end customer in a particular quarter or at all, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. All of these factors can add further risk to business conducted with these end customers. 
 Our growth depends on our existing end customers renewing or upgrading their subscriptions and support and entitlement agreements and making additional purchases of software licenses and software upgrades, and the failure of our end customers to do so could harm our business and operating results. 
 Our future success depends on our existing end customers renewing or upgrading their subscription and support and entitlement agreements and making additional purchases of software licenses and software upgrades. If our end customers do not renew or upgrade their subscription and support and entitlement agreements and/or purchase additional software licenses or software upgrades, our revenue may decline and our operating results may be harmed. In order for us to maintain or improve our operating results, we depend on our existing end customers renewing their subscription agreements as well as their support and entitlement agreements, or purchasing additional solutions. End customers may choose not to renew their subscription agreements or support and entitlement agreements, or purchase additional solutions, because of several factors, including dissatisfaction with our prices or features relative to competitive offerings, reductions in our end customers spending levels or other causes outside of our control. If our existing end customers do not purchase new solutions, or renew or upgrade their subscription agreements or support and entitlement agreements, our revenue may grow more slowly than expected or may decline, and our business and operating results may be adversely affected. 
 Our business and growth depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including our management team and other key personnel, and the inability to attract, hire, integrate, train, retain, or motivate qualified personnel could harm our business and growth. 
 Our success and growth depend to a significant degree on the skills and continued services of our management team and other key personnel. If we lose the services of any member of management or any key personnel, we may not be able to locate a suitable or qualified replacement, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and train a replacement. In recent years, we have experienced changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and other key personnel. While we seek to manage these transitions carefully, these changes may result in a loss of institutional knowledge and may cause disruptions to our business and growth. If we fail to successfully integrate new key personnel into our organization or if key employees are unable to successfully transition into new roles, our business could be adversely affected. In addition, we do not have life insurance policies that cover any of our executive officers or other key employees. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers or key employees, and any failure to have in place and execute an effective succession plan for key executives, could disrupt our business and have a significant negative impact on our operating results, prospects and future growth. 
 
 24 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, our success and growth also depend substantially on our ability to continue to attract, hire, integrate, train, retain, and adequately incentivize qualified and highly skilled personnel, in particular, in sales and engineering. We have invested, and may need to continue to invest, significant amounts of cash and equity to attract and retain employees, and we may never realize returns on these investments. Moreover, ineffective management of any leadership transitions, especially within our sales organization, or the inability of our recently hired sales personnel to effectively ramp to target productivity levels could negatively impact our growth and operating margins. In recent years, we have seen higher-than-normal attrition among our sales representatives and our overall sales headcount being below our targets, which may negatively impact our billings and revenue growth. While we continue to recruit additional sales representatives, it takes time to replace, train, and ramp them to full productivity. Competition for highly skilled personnel, particularly in sales and engineering, is frequently intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area, where we are headquartered and have a substantial need for such personnel. This competition for highly skilled personnel results in increased costs in the form of cash and stock-based compensation. Furthermore, the industry in which we operate generally experiences high employee attrition. 
 Although we have entered into employment offer letters with some of our key personnel, these agreements have no specific duration and constitute at-will employment. Volatility or lack of performance in the price of our securities may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully attract or retain qualified personnel. Additionally, potential changes in U.S. immigration and work authorization laws and regulations may make it difficult to renew or obtain visas for any highly skilled personnel that we have hired or are actively recruiting. Our inability to attract and retain the necessary personnel could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Moreover, we believe that a key contributor to our success and our ability to retain highly skilled personnel has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, teamwork, and a passion for our products and customers. As we grow and evolve, we may find it difficult to maintain the beneficial aspects of our corporate culture globally. These difficulties may be further amplified by our decision to shift to a hybrid-first workplace, which could have a negative impact on our workplace culture and on the execution of our business plans and operations. Any inability to maintain our corporate culture could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees, continue to perform at current levels, or execute on our business strategy. 
 
 25 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we do not effectively expand, train, motivate and retain our sales force, we may be unable to add new end customers or increase sales to our existing end customers and our business will be adversely affected. 
 Although we have a channel sales model, our sales representatives typically engage in direct interaction with our prospective end customers. Therefore, we continue to be substantially dependent on our sales force to obtain new end customers and sell additional solutions to our existing end customers. There is significant competition for sales personnel with the skills and technical knowledge that we require. Our ability to achieve revenue growth will depend, in large part, on our success in recruiting, training and retaining sufficient numbers of sales personnel to support our growth. New hires require significant training and may take significant time before they achieve full productivity; we estimate based on past experience that our average sales team members typically do not fully ramp and are not fully productive until around the time of the start of their fourth quarter of employment with us. Our recent hires and planned hires may not become productive as quickly as we expect, and we may be unable to hire or retain sufficient numbers of qualified individuals, particularly individuals who are focused on sales of our solutions to new and existing large enterprises, service providers and government entities, in the markets where we do business or plan to do business. Hiring sales personnel in new countries also requires additional set up, upfront and ongoing costs that we may not recover if the sales personnel fail to achieve full productivity. In addition, as a result of our rapid growth, a large percentage of our sales force is new to our company and our solutions and therefore less effective than our more seasoned employees. Moreover, as part of our transition to focus on software-only transactions and our transition to a subscription-based business model, we have also had to retrain our seasoned sales employees who have historically focused on appliance sales and selling software licenses for the life of the device in order to maintain or increase their productivity. We have adjusted and also anticipate needing to further adjust our go-to-market cost structure, particularly as it relates to how we compensate our sales teams for life-of-device and renewal transactions. 
 If our new sales employees, particularly those focused on sales of our solutions to new and existing large enterprises, service providers and government entities, do not become fully productive on the timelines that we have projected, or if we are unable to successfully retrain our more seasoned sales employees who have historically focused on appliance sales and selling software licenses for the life of the device or appropriately adjust our go-to-market cost structure, our revenue will not increase at anticipated levels and our ability to achieve long-term projections may be negatively impacted. If we are unable to hire, train and maintain sufficient numbers of effective sales personnel, or our new or existing sales personnel are not successful in obtaining new end customers, convincing existing customers to renew their subscription-based purchases, or increasing sales to our existing customer base generally, our business, operating results and prospects will be adversely affected. 
 
 26 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we do not effectively develop, structure and compensate our sales force to focus on the end customers and activities that will primarily drive our growth strategy, our business will be adversely affected. 
 As indicated above, our growth is dependent in large part on the success of our sales force and in particular our ability to structure our sales force and sales compensation structure in a way that aligns with our growth strategy. As part of our efforts to appropriately structure and compensate our sales force such that their incentives are properly aligned with our growth strategy, we have made changes to our sales processes, sales segmentation, and leadership structures for our global sales teams and may need to make additional changes in the future. Such changes may take longer than anticipated to successfully implement, and we may not be able to realize the full benefits thereof, which may have a material adverse impact on our sales productivity as well as our business and operational results generally. In particular, as indicated above, our growth continues to be substantially dependent on our ability to increase our sales to large enterprises, particularly when those sales result in large orders for our solutions. Competition for sales employees who have the knowledge and experience necessary to effectively penetrate major enterprise accounts is fierce, and we may not be successful in hiring such employees, or hiring them on the timelines we anticipate, which will negatively impact our ability to target and penetrate major enterprise accounts. In addition, we anticipate that the sales cycles associated with major accounts will be longer than our traditional sales cycles, which will increase the time it will take our new global account managers to become fully productive. In addition, as our organization continues to focus on major accounts and large deals, the productivity of our traditional sales teams may be impacted. 
 Additionally, as part of our transition to a subscription-based business model, we have adjusted and may need to further adjust the compensation structure of our sales force. In particular, to align with the new subscription-based business model, starting in fiscal 2021 we adjusted our sales compensation structure, which was previously based on total contract value, to one that is based primarily on ACV, which has caused our average contract term lengths to decline and could negatively impact our revenue and operating and free cash flows, potentially significantly. These business model transitions and compensation structure changes, have contributed to, and may continue to contribute to, fluctuations in sales productivity that will make it more difficult to accurately project our operating results or plan for future growth. If we are unable to effectively manage these changes or implement new sales structures in a timely manner, or if our decision to segment our sales force is not successful in obtaining large sales of our solutions, our growth and ability to achieve long-term projections may be negatively impacted, and our business and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 We rely primarily on indirect sales channels for the distribution of our solutions, and disruption within these channels could adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flows. 
 We primarily sell our solutions through indirect sales channels, including channel partners, such as distributors, our OEMs, value added resellers, and system integrators. Our OEMs may in turn distribute our solutions through their own networks of channel partners with whom we have no direct relationships. 
 
 27 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We rely, to a significant degree, on our channel partners to select, screen and maintain relationships with their distribution networks and to distribute our solutions in a manner that is consistent with applicable law, regulatory requirements and our quality standards. If our channel partners or a partner in their distribution network violates applicable law or regulatory requirements or misrepresents the functionality of our solutions, our reputation and brand could be damaged and we could be subject to potential liability. Additionally, if we are unable to establish relationships with strong channel partners in key growth regions, our ability to sell our solutions in these regions may be adversely affected. Our agreements with our channel partners are non-exclusive, meaning our channel partners may offer end customers the products of several different companies, including products that compete with ours. If our channel partners do not effectively market and sell our solutions, choose to use greater efforts to market and sell their own products or those of our competitors, or fail to meet the needs of our end customers, our business, operating results and prospects may be adversely affected. Our channel partners may cease marketing our solutions with limited or no notice and with little or no penalty. The loss of a substantial number of our channel partners, together with our inability to replace them, or the failure to recruit additional channel partners or establish an alternative distribution network could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. For example, sales through Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Tech Data Corporation to our end customers represented 32 and 16 , respectively, of our total revenue for fiscal 2023. In addition, if a channel partner offers its own products or services that are competitive to our solutions, is acquired by a competitor or reorganizes or divests its reseller business units, our revenue derived from that partner may be adversely impacted or eliminated altogether. 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in the use of our technologies requires significant time and resources. If we fail to devote sufficient resources to support and expand our network of channel partners, our business may be adversely affected. Maintaining strong indirect sales channels for our products and effectively leveraging our channel partners and OEMs is important to our growth strategy, and the failure to effectively manage these relationships may lead to higher costs and reduced revenue. Also, in certain international markets, we are in the process of transitioning our distribution model from contracting directly with hundreds of individual resellers to contracting with a smaller number of larger global distributors. Although we believe that this transition will make our sales channels more efficient and broader reaching in the long term in these markets, there is no guarantee that this new distribution model will increase our sales in the short term or allow us to sustain our gross margins. Any potential delays or confusion during the transition process to our new partners may negatively affect our relationship with our existing end customers and channel partners and may cause us to lose prospective end customers or additional business from existing end customers or cause a decline in renewal rates with existing end customers. Upon completion of the transition to the new sales model, we will be more reliant on fewer channel partners, which may reduce our contact with our end customers making it more difficult for us to establish brand awareness, ensure proper delivery and installation of our software, support ongoing end customer requirements, estimate end customer demand, respond to evolving end customer needs and obtain subscription renewals from end customers. 
 
 28 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Substantially all of our sales to government entities have been made indirectly through our channel partners. Government entities may have statutory, contractual or other legal rights to terminate contracts with our channel partners for convenience or due to a default, and, in the future, if the portion of government contracts that are subject to renegotiation or termination at the election of the government are material, any such termination or renegotiation may adversely impact our future operating results. Additionally, we sometimes rely on our channel partners to satisfy certain regulatory obligations that we would otherwise have to satisfy if we sold directly to the government entities, and our channel partners may be unable or unwilling to satisfy these obligations in the future. In the event of such termination or change, it may be difficult for us to arrange for another channel partner to sell our solutions to these government entities in a timely manner, and we could lose sales opportunities during the transition. Governments routinely investigate and audit government contractors (including subcontractors') administrative processes, and any unfavorable audit could result in the government refusing to continue buying our solutions, our channel partners changing their business models or refusing to continue to sell our solutions under current models, a reduction of revenue or fines, or civil or criminal liability if the audit uncovers improper or illegal activities. 
 If our indirect distribution channel is disrupted, particularly if we are reliant on a fewer number of channel partners, or if we are required to directly satisfy certain regulatory obligations imposed by government entities as a result of our efforts to expand our sales to government entities, we may be required to devote more time and resources to distribute our solutions directly and support our end customers, which may not be as effective and could lead to higher costs, reduced revenue and growth that is slower than expected. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. If our revenue or operating results in any particular period fall below investor expectations, the price of our securities would likely decline. Factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause our operating results to fluctuate include, but are not limited to: 
 the timing and magnitude of orders (including the start dates thereof), shipments and acceptance of our solutions in any quarter; 

our ability to attract new end customers and retain, and increase sales to, existing end customers; 

disruptions in our sales channels or shifts in our relationships with important channel partners and OEMs; 

the timing of revenue recognition for our sales, the impact of which is heightened by our focus on software-only sales and our transition to a subscription-based business model; 

reductions in end customers budgets for information technology purchases; 

delays in end customers purchasing cycles or deferments of end customers purchases in anticipation of new products or updates from us or our competitors; 

fluctuations in demand and competitive pricing pressures for our solutions; 

the lengths of our contract terms; 

29 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the mix of solutions sold, including the mix between software-only and appliance sales and the mix between subscription-based and non-subscription-based transactions, and the mix of revenue between products and support, entitlements and other services, which will depend in part on whether we are successful in executing our strategy to transition our business to a subscription-based model; 

our ability to develop, introduce and ship in a timely manner new solutions and product enhancements that meet customer requirements, and market acceptance of such new solutions and product enhancements; 

the timing of product releases or upgrades or announcements by us or our competitors; 

any change in the competitive dynamics of our markets, including consolidation or partnerships among our competitors or partners, new entrants or discounting of prices; 

the amount and timing of expenses to grow our business and the extent to which we are able to take advantage of economies of scale or to leverage our relationships with OEM or channel partners; 

the costs associated with acquiring new businesses and technologies and the follow-on costs of integrating and consolidating the results of acquired businesses; 

the amount and timing of stock-based compensation expenses incurred as a result of granting equity awards to attract, retain, and motivate employees and key personnel; 

our ability to control the costs of our solutions and their key components, or to pass along any cost increases to our end customers; 

general economic, industry and market conditions and other events that may be outside of our control, such as political and social unrest, terrorist attacks, hostilities, war, malicious human acts, climate change, natural disasters (including extreme weather), supply chain disruption or shortages, pandemics or other major public health concerns, and other similar events; and 

future accounting pronouncements and changes in accounting policies. 

The occurrence of any one of these risks could negatively affect our operating results in any particular quarter, which could cause the price of our securities to decline. 
 We may fail to meet our publicly announced guidance or other expectations about our business and future operating results, which would cause the price of our securities to decline. 
 From time to time, we release earnings guidance in our earnings conference calls, earnings releases, or otherwise, regarding our future performance that represents our management s estimates as of the date of release. This guidance includes forward-looking statements based on projections prepared by our management. Projections are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that, while presented with numerical specificity, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies on our business, many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions, some of which will change. Some of those key assumptions relate to the macroeconomic environment, including inflation and interest rates, which are inherently difficult to predict. 
 
 30 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We generally state possible outcomes as high and low ranges, which are intended to provide a sensitivity analysis as variables are changed but are not intended to imply that actual results could not fall outside of the suggested ranges. Furthermore, analysts and investors may develop and publish their own projections of our business, which may form a consensus about our future performance. Our actual business results may vary significantly from such guidance or that consensus due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including those described in this Risk Factors section, any of which or combination thereof could materially and adversely affect our business and future operating results. Furthermore, if we make downward revisions of our previously announced guidance, if we withdraw our previously announced guidance, or if our publicly announced guidance of future operating results fails to meet expectations of securities analysts, investors or other interested parties, the price of our securities would decline. 
 Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature, and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results may vary from our guidance and the variations may be material. In light of the foregoing, investors are urged not to rely upon our guidance in making an investment decision regarding our securities. 
 Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this Risk Factors section could result in the actual operating results being different from our guidance, and the differences may be adverse and material. 
 Because a significant portion of our revenue is recognized ratably over the term of the contractual service period, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations. 
 Subscription revenue accounts for the substantial majority of our revenue, comprising 89 , 91 , and 93 of our total revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. A significant portion of our subscription revenue is revenue from software entitlement and support subscriptions and SaaS offerings, which is recognized ratably over the contractual service period. As a result, a significant portion of our revenue that we report for each fiscal quarter represents the recognition of deferred revenue from subscription agreements entered into during previous fiscal quarters. Consequently, any decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one fiscal quarter will not be fully or immediately reflected in our revenue for that fiscal quarter. However, any such decline will negatively affect our revenue for future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales, our failure to achieve our internal sales targets, a decline in the market acceptance of our services, or a decrease in retention rates may not be fully reflected in our operating results until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as a significant portion of our revenue from additional sales must be recognized over the applicable subscription term. 
 Our gross margins are impacted by a variety of factors and may be subject to variation from period to period. 
 Our gross margins may be affected by a variety of factors, including fluctuations in the pricing of our products (including as a result of competitive pricing pressures or increases in component pricing), the degree to which we are successful in selling the value of incremental feature improvements and upgrades, changes in the cost of components of our hardware appliances, customer renewal rates and the degree to which renewals drive our top-line growth, changes in the mix between direct versus indirect sales, changes in the mix of products sold, and the timing and amount of recognized and deferred revenue, particularly as a result of our transition to a subscription-based business model. If we are unable to manage these factors effectively, our gross margins may decline, and fluctuations in gross margin may make it difficult to manage our business and to achieve or maintain profitability, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 31 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable and our sales efforts require considerable time and expense. As a result, it can be difficult for us to predict when, if ever, a particular customer will choose to purchase our solutions, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly. 
 Our sales efforts involve educating our end customers about the uses and benefits of our solutions, including their technical capabilities and cost saving potential. End customers often undertake an evaluation and testing process that can result in a lengthy sales cycle. Increasing competition and the emergence of new hyperconverged infrastructure product offerings and consumption models often result in customers evaluating multiple vendors at the same time, which can further lengthen the sales cycle. We spend substantial time and resources on our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will produce any sales. Platform purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unanticipated administrative, processing and other delays. The broad nature of the technology shift that our solutions represent and the legacy relationships our end customers have with existing IT vendors sometimes lead to unpredictable sales cycles, which make it difficult for us to predict when end customers may purchase solutions from us. The unpredictable nature of our sales cycles may be increased in future periods as we continue to focus our sales efforts more heavily on major accounts and large deals. Our business and operating results will be significantly affected by the degree to which and speed with which organizations adopt our solutions. In addition, in recent quarters, we have seen a modest elongation in sales cycles, as we have seen some customers increasing their inspection of deals in an uncertain global macroeconomic environment. 
 Because our business depends on manufacturers of hardware, including our OEM partners, to timely and cost-effectively produce and ship the hardware on which our software runs, we are susceptible to supply chain disruptions, delays, quality events, and pricing fluctuations, which have adversely affected, and could further adversely affect, our business. 
 Our business depends on manufacturers (including Supermicro and our OEM partners) to produce the hardware appliances on which our software runs (including both our Nutanix-branded NX series appliances and the various third-party appliances that are included on our hardware compatibility list) as well as various products that are beyond our control or the control of such manufacturers, which exposes us to direct and indirect risks beyond our control, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, product availability, supply chain disruptions and delays, and potential reputational harm and brand damage. We may not be able to discover, manage, and/or remediate such risks in a timely manner or at all. Key components of the servers on which our software runs have in the past been, and may in the future be, affected by chip shortages. Furthermore, fulfilling orders for NX series appliances or other hardware appliances on which our software runs may not be a priority for such manufacturers in guiding their business decisions and operational commitments. If we fail to manage our relationships with such manufacturers effectively, or if such manufacturers experience delays, disruptions or increased manufacturing lead times, component lead-time disruptions, capacity constraints or quality control problems in their operations or are unable to address our or our end customers requirements for or concerns about timely delivery, our ability to sell our solutions to our end customers could be severely impaired due to the lack of availability of certified hardware appliances, and our customers' ability, or willingness, to consume our software may be materially impacted or delayed, which will adversely affect our business and operating results, competitive position, brand and reputation, as well as our relationships with affected customers. 
 
 32 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In particular, we rely substantially on Supermicro to manufacture, as well as assemble and test, the Nutanix-branded NX series appliances, including those that are delivered by us. Our agreement with Supermicro automatically renews for successive one-year periods, with the option to terminate upon each annual renewal, and does not contain any minimum long-term commitment to manufacture NX-branded appliances. If we are required to change the manufacturer or contract manufacturers for the assembly and testing of our NX-branded appliances, we may lose revenue, incur increased costs and damage our channel partner and end customer relationships. We may also decide to switch or bring on additional contract manufacturers for the assembly and testing of our NX-branded appliances in order to better meet our needs. Switching to or bringing on a new OEM partner or contract manufacturer and commencing production is expensive and time-consuming and may cause delays in order fulfillment at our existing OEM partners and contract manufacturers or cause other disruptions. 
 Our agreement with Supermicro does not contain any price assurances, and increases in component costs, without a corresponding increase in the price of our NX series solutions, could reduce the amount that an end customer pays for our software, thereby adversely affecting our billings and revenue. Furthermore, we may need to increase our component purchases, manufacturing capacity and internal test and quality functions if we experience increased demand. The inability of Supermicro or other manufacturers to produce adequate supplies of hardware appliances could cause a delay in customers ability to consume our software and our order fulfillment, and our business, operating results and prospects would be adversely affected. As of July 31, 2023, we had approximately 45.3 million in the form of guarantees to our contract manufacturers related to certain components. 
 There are a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, for several key components in our NX-branded appliances as well as other hardware appliances that our software is certified to operate on (including hardware appliances from our OEM partners), and any delay or disruption in the availability or quality of these components could delay shipments of the NX-branded appliances and damage our channel partner or end customer relationships, or cause our customers to delay purchasing our software. 
 We rely on a limited number of suppliers, and in some cases single-source suppliers, for several key hardware components of the Nutanix-branded NX series appliances. These components are generally purchased on a purchase order basis through Supermicro, and we do not have long-term supply contracts with these suppliers. This reliance on key suppliers exposes us to risks, including reduced control over product quality, production and component costs, timely delivery and capacity. It also exposes us to the potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of required components because we do not have long-term supply commitments, and replacing some of these components would require a lengthy product qualification process. Furthermore, we extensively test and qualify the components that are used in NX-branded appliances and other appliances on our hardware compatibility list, including hardware appliances from our OEM partners, to ensure that they meet certain quality and performance specifications. If the supply of certain components is disrupted or delayed, or if there is a need to replace existing suppliers on the qualified hardware configuration, there can be no assurance that additional supplies or components can serve as adequate replacements for the existing components, will be available when required or that supplies will be available on terms that are favorable, and it may require modifying our solutions to interoperate with the replacement components. Any of these developments could extend the lead times, increase the costs of the components or costs of product development, cause us to miss market windows for product launch and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 33 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We generally maintain minimal inventory for repairs and a number of evaluation and demonstration units, and generally acquire components only as needed. We do not enter into long-term supply contracts for these components. As a result, our ability to respond to channel partner or end customer orders efficiently may be constrained by the then-current availability, terms and pricing of these components. The technology industry has experienced component shortages and delivery delays in the past, including a global chip shortage, and there may be shortages or delays of critical components in the future as a result of strong demand in the industry, component availability constraints, or other factors. If we or our suppliers inaccurately forecast demand for our solutions or we ineffectively manage our enterprise resource planning processes, our suppliers may have inadequate inventory, which could increase the prices we must pay for substitute components or result in our inability to meet demand for our solutions, as well as damage our channel partner or end customer relationships. 
 If the suppliers of the components of compatible hardware appliances increase prices of components, experience delays, disruptions, capacity constraints, quality control problems in their manufacturing operations or adverse changes to their financial condition, our ability to ship appliances to our channel partners or end customers in a timely manner and at competitive prices could be impaired, and our customers' ability to acquire hardware on which to run our software could be impaired, and our competitive position, brand, reputation, and operating results could be adversely affected. Qualifying a new component is expensive and time-consuming. If we are required to change key suppliers, we may lose revenue and damage our channel partner or end customer relationships which could adversely impact our revenue and operating results. 
 We rely upon third parties for the warehousing and delivery of appliances and replacement parts for support, and we therefore have less control over these functions than we otherwise would. 
 We outsource the warehousing and delivery of appliances and spare parts to a third-party logistics provider for spares and service parts fulfillment. In addition, some of our support offerings commit us to replace defective parts in our appliances as quickly as four hours after the initial customer support call is received, which we satisfy by storing replacement parts inventory in various third-party supply depots in strategic worldwide locations. As a result of relying on third parties, we have reduced control over shipping and logistics transactions and costs, quality control, security and the supply of replacement parts for support. Consequently, we may be subject to shipping disruptions and unanticipated costs as well as failures to provide adequate support for reasons that are outside of our direct control. If we are unable to have appliances or replacement products shipped in a timely manner, end customers may seek to cancel their contracts with us, we may suffer reputational harm, and our business, operating results and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 34 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our ability to sell our solutions is dependent in part on ease of use and the quality of our technical support, and any failure to offer high-quality technical support would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Once our solutions are deployed, our end customers depend on our support organization to resolve any technical issues relating to our solutions. Furthermore, because of the emerging nature of our solutions, our support organization often provides support for and troubleshoots issues for products of other vendors running on our solutions, even if the issue is unrelated to our solutions. There is no assurance that we can solve issues unrelated to our solutions, or that vendors whose products run on our solutions will not challenge our provision of technical assistance to their products. Our ability to provide effective support is largely dependent on our ability to attract, train and retain personnel who are not only qualified to support our solutions, but also well versed in some of the primary applications and hypervisors that our end customers run on our solutions. Furthermore, as we have international operations, our support organization faces additional challenges, including those associated with delivering support, training and documentation in languages other than English. In addition, as we continue to evolve our product portfolio, which may include additional solutions, our ability to provide high-quality support will become more difficult and will involve more complexity. Any failure to maintain high-quality installation and technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could harm our reputation and brand, adversely affect our ability to sell our solutions to existing and prospective end customers, and could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Our solutions are highly technical and may contain undetected defects, which could cause data unavailability, unauthorized access to, loss, or corruption that might, in turn, result in liability to our end customers and harm to our reputation, brand and business. 
 Our solutions are highly technical and complex and are often used to store information critical to our end customers business operations. Our solutions may contain undetected errors, defects or security vulnerabilities that could result in data unavailability, unauthorized access to, loss, corruption or other harm to our end customers data, including personal or identifying information regarding their employees, customers, and suppliers, as well as their finance and payroll data, and other sensitive business information. In addition, as we expand our platform and introduce new cloud-based products that may hold more of our customer's data, any undetected or unresolved errors, defects or security vulnerabilities may result in data unavailability, unauthorized access to, loss, corruption or other harm to our end-customers' data. Some errors or defects in our solutions may only be discovered after they have been installed and used by end customers. In addition, we may make certain commitments to our OEMs regarding the time frames within which we will correct any security vulnerabilities in our software. If any hardware or software errors, defects or security vulnerabilities are discovered in our solutions after commercial release, a number of negative effects in our business could result, including but not limited to: 
 lost revenue or lost OEM or other channel partners or end customers; 

increased costs, including warranty expense and costs associated with end customer support as well as development costs to remedy the errors or defects; 

delays, cancellations, reductions or rescheduling of orders or shipments; 

product returns or discounts; and 

damage to our reputation and brand. 

35 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, we could face legal claims for breach of contract, product liability, tort or breach of warranty. While many of our contracts with end customers contain provisions relating to warranty disclaimers and liability limitations, these provisions might not be upheld or might not provide adequate protection if we face such legal claims. Defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, could be costly and may divert management s attention and adversely affect the market s perception of us and our solutions. In addition, our business liability insurance coverage could prove inadequate with respect to a claim and future coverage may be unavailable on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all. These product-related issues could result in claims against us and our business could be adversely impacted. 
 Our business depends, in part, on sales to government organizations, and significant changes in the contracting or fiscal policies of such government organizations could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 We derive a portion of our revenue from contracts with federal, state, local and foreign governments, and we believe that the success and growth of our business will continue to depend on our successful procurement of government contracts. However, demand is often unpredictable from government organizations, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain or grow our revenue from the public sector. Government agencies are subject to budgetary processes and expenditure constraints that could lead to delays or decreased capital expenditures in IT spending, particularly in light of continued uncertainties about government spending levels, such as recent changes to, or failure to appoint new, government leaders. The budget and approval process for government agencies also experiences a longer sales cycle relative to our other end customers, and it may be difficult for us to accurately forecast the impact of these contracts on our future operating results. If government organizations reduce or shift their capital spending patterns, our business, operating results and prospects may be harmed. Factors that could impede our ability to maintain or increase the amount of revenue derived from government contracts, include, but are not limited to: 
 public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations; 

changes in fiscal or contracting policies; 

decreases in available government funding; 

changes in government programs or applicable requirements; 

the adoption of new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations; 

potential delays or changes in the government appropriations or other funding authorization processes; and 

higher expenses associated with, or delays caused by, diligence and qualifying or maintaining qualification as a government vendor. 

The occurrence of any of the foregoing could cause governments and governmental agencies to delay or refrain from purchasing our solutions in the future or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 
 
 36 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Third-party claims that we are infringing intellectual property, whether successful or not, could subject us to costly and time-consuming litigation or expensive licenses, and our business could be harmed. 
 A number of companies, both within and outside of the enterprise and cloud computing infrastructure industry, hold a large number of patents covering aspects of storage, servers, networking, desktop, security, virtualization, database management, cloud services products, and other technologies relevant to our products. In addition to these patents, participants in these technology and market areas typically also protect their technology through copyrights, as trade secrets and by contractual means. As a result, there is frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received, and in the future may receive, inquiries from other intellectual property holders and may become subject to allegations and claims, in litigation and outside litigation, that we infringed or are infringing their intellectual property rights, particularly as we expand our presence in the market and face increasing competition. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in defending against these allegations or claims or in reaching a business resolution that is satisfactory to us. In addition, parties may claim that the names and branding that we use for our company and our various products and services infringe their trademark rights in certain countries or territories. If such a claim were to prevail, we may have to change the names and branding that we use in the affected countries or territories and we could incur other costs. 
 We currently have a number of agreements in effect pursuant to which we have agreed to defend, indemnify and hold harmless our end customers, suppliers and channel and other partners from damages and costs which may arise from allegations of infringement, or actual infringement, by our products and services of third-party patents or other intellectual property rights in the United States and/or in other countries. The scope of these defense and indemnity obligations varies, but may, in some instances, include indemnification for damages and expenses, including attorneys fees. A claim that our solutions infringe a third party s intellectual property rights, even if untrue, could harm our relationships with our end customers and/or channel partners, may deter future end customers from purchasing our solutions and could expose us to costly litigation and settlement expenses. Even if we are not a party to any litigation between a customer and a third party relating to infringement by our products or services, an adverse outcome in any such litigation could make it more difficult for us to defend our solutions against intellectual property infringement claims in any subsequent litigation in which we are a named party. Any of these results could harm our brand and operating results. 
 Our defense of intellectual property rights claims brought against us or our end customers, suppliers and channel partners, regardless of whether the claims have merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to litigate or settle, divert management resources and attention and force us to acquire intellectual property rights and licenses, which may involve substantial royalty or other payments. Further, a party making such a claim, if successful, could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages. An adverse determination also could prevent us from offering or delivering our products and services to our end customers or channel partners, and may require that we procure or develop substitute solutions that do not infringe, which could require significant effort and expense. We may have to seek a license for the technology at issue, which may not be available on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all, and as a result may significantly increase our operating expenses or require us to restrict our business activities in one or more respects. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 
 37 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The success of our business depends in part on our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, service mark, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as confidentiality procedures and contractual restrictions and covenants, to establish and protect our proprietary rights, all of which provide only limited protection. Effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our solutions are available. We cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology or the reverse engineering of our technology. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive to ours or infringe our intellectual property. An inability to adequately protect and enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could seriously harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 We cannot assure you that any patents will be issued with respect to our currently pending patent applications in a manner that gives us adequate defensive protection or competitive advantages, if at all, or that any patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. We have filed for patents in the United States and in certain international jurisdictions, but such protections may not be available in all countries in which we operate or in which we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights, or may be difficult to enforce in practice. Our currently issued patents and any patents that may be issued in the future with respect to pending or future patent applications may not provide sufficiently broad protection or they may not prove to be enforceable in actions against alleged infringers. 
 Protecting against the unauthorized use of our intellectual property, solutions and other proprietary rights is expensive and difficult, particularly internationally. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, either of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Further, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to defending intellectual property infringement claims and to enforcing their intellectual property rights than we have. Attempts to enforce our rights against third parties could also provoke these third parties to assert their own intellectual property or other rights against us, or result in a holding that invalidates or narrows the scope of our rights, in whole or in part. 
 Our transition to a subscription-based business model has resulted in, and may continue to result in, a direct or indirect compression to our topline results, and if we fail to successfully manage the transition, our business, operating results and free cash flow may be adversely affected. 
 Our transition to a subscription-based business model entails significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage the transition successfully. If we fail to manage the transition successfully, our revenues, business and operating results may be adversely affected. Moreover, we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of the subscription transition. The transition to a subscription-based business model also means that our historical results, especially those achieved before we began the transition, may not be indicative of our future results. 
 Our total billings and revenue have been adversely impacted by the transition, particularly when compared to historical periods, due primarily to two factors. First, subscription-based sales, including sales of term-based licenses where revenue is currently recognized upfront, may in some instances have a lower total dollar value than sales of licenses for the life of the device because they may be of a shorter term than the actual or assumed life of the device. Second, the revenue associated with certain SaaS subscription purchases is recognized ratably over the term of the subscription, resulting in less upfront revenue as compared to our term-based licenses and historical life-of-device licenses. These factors may also make it difficult to increase our revenue in a given period through additional sales in the same period. 
 
 38 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, due to the generally shorter terms of subscription-based licenses as compared to our historical life-of-device licenses, maintaining our historically high customer renewal rates and minimizing customer churn have become increasingly important. Our subscription customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our solutions after the expiration of the subscription term, and may decide not to renew their subscriptions, or to renew only for a portion of our solutions or on pricing terms that are less favorable to us. Our customers renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including their level of satisfaction with our solutions, their ability to continue their operations and spending levels, the pricing of our solutions and the availability of competing solutions at the time of renewal or hardware refresh. 
 In addition, we have adjusted, and may in the future need to further adjust, our go-to-market cost structure, particularly as it relates to how we structure, effect, and compensate our sales teams, including for renewal transactions, to become more efficient as part of our transition to a subscription-based business model. In particular, to align with our subscription-based business model, starting in fiscal 2021, we adjusted our sales compensation structure, which was previously based primarily on total contract value, to one that is based primarily on ACV, which has caused our average contract term lengths to decline and thereby negatively impact our topline results. Those adjustments may negatively affect the productivity of our sales teams, cause our sales teams to prioritize shorter-term transactions, cause a change in the mix of solutions sold and the mix of revenue among solutions sold, and cause our renewal rates to fluctuate or decline, and there is no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement the adjustments in a timely or cost-effective manner, or that we will be able to realize all or any of the expected benefits from such adjustments. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our solutions, demand pricing or other concessions prior to renewal, or if our renewal rates fluctuate or decline, our total billings and revenue will fluctuate or decline, and our business and financial results will be negatively affected. Furthermore, our future financial profitability will depend significantly on renewals driving topline growth at a much lower cost than new customer contracts, and renewal rates failing to meet our expectations could also harm our operating results and delay our profitability. 
 Additional risks associated with our transition to a subscription-based business model include, but are not limited to: 
 if current or prospective end customers prefer our historical life-of-device licenses, adoption of our subscription-based model may not meet our expectations; 

our transition could cause confusion or concerns among current or prospective end customers and partners, including confusion or concerns arising from recent changes to our pricing and packaging models; 

we may be unsuccessful in maintaining subscription-based pricing models, or we may implement a pricing model or strategy that is not optimal and could negatively affect adoption, renewal rates and our business results; 

our end customers may shift purchases to our lower priced subscription offerings, which could negatively affect our overall financial results; 

we may see increased discounting behavior from our sales employees and, if we are unable to monitor, prevent and manage such discounting behavior successfully and in a timely manner, our business and financial results will be negatively affected; and 

if we are unsuccessful in adjusting our go-to-market cost structure, or in doing so in a timely or cost-effective manner, we may incur higher than expected sales compensation costs, particularly if the pace of our subscription transition is faster than anticipated. 

39 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Finally, our transition to a subscription-based business model as an IT infrastructure and platform company has few, if any, precedents, and there are many risks or uncertainties that may remain unknown to us as part of the transition. If we fail to anticipate these unknowns, whether due to a lack of information, precedent, or otherwise, or if we fail to properly manage expected risks and/or execute on our transition to a subscription-based business model, our business and operating results, and our ability to accurately forecast our future operating results, may be adversely affected. In addition, we may undergo additional business model changes in the future to adapt to changing market demands, which may entail known and unknown risks and uncertainties. 
 Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business could subject us to fines and penalties and could also cause us to lose end customers in the public sector or negatively impact our ability to contract with the public sector. 
 Our business is subject to regulation by various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies, including agencies responsible for monitoring and enforcing employment and labor laws, antitrust laws, workplace safety, product safety, environmental laws, consumer protection laws, anti-bribery laws, import/export controls, federal securities laws and tax laws and regulations. In certain jurisdictions, these regulatory requirements may be more stringent than in the United States. Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements could subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages and civil and criminal penalties or injunctions. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation, our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action will likely result in a significant diversion of management s attention and resources and an increase in third-party professional fees. Enforcement actions and sanctions could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 In addition, we must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of contracts with the public sector, including U.S. federal, state and local governmental organizations, which affect how we and our channel partners do business with governmental agencies. Selling our solutions to the U.S. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines and other penalties, which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. As an example, the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ and the General Services Administration GSA have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with IT vendors under the False Claims Act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of GSA contracts for sales to the federal government. The DOJ and GSA continue to actively pursue such claims. Violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. Any of these outcomes could have an adverse effect on our revenue, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 These laws and regulations impose added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including noncompliance in the past, could lead to claims for damages from our channel partners, penalties, termination of contracts, loss of exclusive rights in our intellectual property and temporary suspension or permanent debarment from government contracting. Any such damages, penalties, disruptions or limitations in our ability to do business with the public sector could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 40 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We are subject to governmental regulation and other legal obligations, particularly related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could adversely affect our business and operating results. Compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 Personal privacy, data protection and information security are significant issues in the United States and the other jurisdictions where we offer our solutions. The regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Our handling of data is subject to a variety of global laws and regulations, including regulation by various government agencies, including the U.S. Federal Trade Commission FTC and various state, local and foreign bodies, data protection authorities, and agencies. 
 The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, use, storage, disclosure and transfer of personal information of individuals, including end customers and employees. In the United States, the FTC and many state attorneys general are applying federal and state consumer protection laws to the online collection, use and dissemination of data. Additionally, many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including in Australia, Brazil, the European Economic Area EEA ), UK, Switzerland, India, Japan, China, and numerous other jurisdictions in which we operate or conduct our business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdiction. These laws and regulations often are more restrictive than those in the United States. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, superseded prior EU data protection legislation, and the UK General Data Protection regulation, both impose more stringent data protection requirements, provide an enforcement authority which substantially increases compliance costs, and impose large penalties for noncompliance. Such laws and regulations may require companies to implement new privacy and security policies, conduct transfer impact assessments, permit individuals to access, correct and delete personal information stored or maintained by such companies, inform individuals of security breaches that affect their personal information, and, among others, obtain individuals consent to use personal information for certain purposes. In addition, some countries have enacted or are currently considering legislation that imposes local storage and processing of data to avoid any form of transfer to a third country, or other restrictions on transfer and disclosure of personal data outside of that country which may impact our compliance obligations, potentially exposing us to liability, and increase the cost and complexity of delivering our products and services. 
 We also expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations, industry standards, and case law concerning privacy, data protection and information security in the United States, the European Economic Area and other jurisdictions, and we cannot yet determine the impact these developments may have on our business. This increases uncertainty and may require us to change our data practices and/or change our technology solutions, business model or processes, which may in turn adversely affect demand for our products. 
 While the EU- U.S. Data Privacy Framework accepted by the European Commission in July 2023 provides us with a transfer mechanism for data from the European Union, data transfers continue to be scrutinized by regulators in the EEA, UK and other countries with similar transfer restrictions requiring organizations to ensure that the data is protected to a standard that is essentially equivalent to that under the GDPR and/or other applicable laws and to document this. 
 As a result of these and future data transfer developments, we may experience a reluctance from current or prospective customers in the EEA, UK, Switzerland and other similar countries to use our products and may find it necessary to make changes to our data transfer mechanisms and handling of personal data, including with respect to the provision of our products and services. This may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 41 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In the United States, more states are adopting their own data protection legislation, creating a complex privacy landscape from state to state. California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which went into effect on January 1, 2020 and, among other things, requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new abilities to opt out of the sale of their personal information. In November 2020, California voters passed the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which significantly amended the CCPA and generally expanded consumers privacy rights and protections with respect to their personal information. Colorado, Virginia, Connecticut, and Utah all recently passed privacy legislation taking effect over the course of 2023. We cannot yet predict the full impact of these laws on our business or operations, but it may continue to require us to modify our data processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply. 
 Moreover, as a result of current and proposed data protection and privacy laws addressing the use of personal data for marketing purposes, including the European Commission s draft ePrivacy Regulation which is intended to replace the ePrivacy Directive in the EEA, as well as the CCPA/CPRA, we face an increased difficulty in marketing to current and potential customers, as these laws impact the ability to use internet-based services and tracking technologies, such as cookies, which impacts our ability to spread awareness of our products and services and, in turn, grow a customer base in some regions. We also expect to incur additional costs to comply with the requirements of these laws. 
 As we begin to offer more cloud-based services, we will increasingly be positioned as a data processor, which imposes additional obligations under the foregoing and other laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection, and may increase our liability exposure by operation of law, contract, or penalties for noncompliance. Additionally, we expect that existing laws, regulations and standards may be interpreted in new manners in the future. Current or future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations, standards and other obligations could impair our or our customers ability to collect, use or disclose information relating to individuals, which could decrease demand for our solutions, require us to restrict our business operations, increase our costs and impair our ability to maintain and grow our customer base and increase our revenue. 
 Although we are working to comply with those federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations and other legal obligations that apply to us, those laws, regulations, standards and obligations are evolving and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with one another, other requirements or legal obligations, our practices or the features of our solutions. As such, we cannot assure ongoing compliance with all such laws or regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations and other legal obligations. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with federal, state or foreign laws or regulations, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations, or any actual or suspected security incident, whether or not resulting in unauthorized access to, or acquisition, release or transfer of personal information or other data, may result in governmental enforcement actions and prosecutions, private litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity and could cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, brand and business. Any inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations or other legal obligations could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation and brand, inhibit sales and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 
 42 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended FCPA ), and similar laws associated with our activities outside of the United States could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the USA PATRIOT Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010 U.K. Bribery Act and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in countries in which we conduct activities. We face significant risks if we fail to comply with the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws that prohibit companies and their employees and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to foreign government officials, political parties and private-sector recipients for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, directing business to any person or securing any advantage. In many foreign countries, particularly in countries with developing economies, it may be a local custom that businesses engage in practices that are prohibited by the FCPA or other applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we use various third parties to sell our solutions and conduct our business abroad. We or our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. We continue to update and implement our FCPA/anti-corruption compliance program and no assurance can be given that all of our employees and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 Any violation of the FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption laws and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions and, in the case of the FCPA, suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, which could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, brand, business, operating results and prospects. In addition, responding to any enforcement action may result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other third-party professional fees. 
 We are subject to governmental export and import controls that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate the controls. 
 Our solutions are subject to U.S. export controls, including the Export Administration Regulations and economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control, and we incorporate encryption technology into certain of our solutions. These encryption products and the underlying technology may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license, a license exception or other appropriate government authorizations, including the filing of an encryption registration. 
 Furthermore, our activities are subject to the U.S. economic sanctions laws and regulations that prohibit the shipment of certain products and services without the required export authorizations, including to countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. embargoes or sanctions. Additionally, the U.S. government has recently been critical of existing trade agreements and may impose more stringent export and import controls. Obtaining the necessary export license or other authorization for a particular sale may be time-consuming and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities even if the export license ultimately may be granted. While we take precautions to prevent our solutions from being exported in violation of these laws, including obtaining authorizations for our encryption products, implementing IP address blocking and screenings against U.S. government and international lists of restricted and prohibited persons, we cannot guarantee that the precautions we take will prevent violations of export control and sanctions laws. Violations of U.S. sanctions or export control laws can result in significant fines or penalties and possible incarceration for responsible employees and managers could be imposed for criminal violations of these laws. 
 
 43 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We also note that if our channel partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or permits, we may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as well as other negative consequences including government investigations and penalties. We presently incorporate export control compliance requirements into our channel partner agreements; however, no assurance can be given that our channel partners will be able to comply with such requirements. 
 Also, various countries, in addition to the United States, regulate the import and export of certain encryption and other technology, including import and export licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our solutions or could limit our end customers ability to implement our solutions in those countries. Changes in our solutions or future changes in export and import regulations may create delays in the introduction of our solutions in international markets, prevent our end customers with international operations from deploying our solutions globally or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our solutions to certain countries, governments, or persons altogether. From time to time, various governmental agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology, including the escrow and government recovery of private encryption keys. Any change in export or import regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, increased export and import controls stemming from U.S. government policies, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our solutions by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our solutions to, existing or potential end customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our solutions or limitation on our ability to export or sell our solutions would adversely affect our business, operating results and prospects. 
 Our international operations expose us to additional risks, and failure to manage those risks could adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flows. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from end customers and channel partners outside the United States. We derived approximately 46 , 44 and 44 of our total revenue from our international customers based on bill-to-location for fiscal 2021, 2022, and 2023, respectively. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to address international markets but there is no guarantee that such efforts will have the desired effect. As of July 31, 2023, approximately 58 of our full-time employees were located outside of the United States. We expect that our international activities will continue to grow over the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue opportunities in existing and new international markets, which will require significant management attention and financial resources. We are subject to risks associated with having significant worldwide operations, including, but not limited to: 
 business practices may differ from those in the United States and may require us in the future to include terms other than our standard terms in customer, channel partner, employee, consultant and other contracts; 

political, economic and social instability or uncertainty around the world, including the results and impact of the United Kingdom's separation from the European Union, commonly known as Brexit 

potential changes in trade relations arising from policy initiatives implemented by, or statements made by, the U.S. government, which has been critical of existing and proposed trade agreements; 

the potential impact of tariffs or other trade restrictions imposed by, or threatened to be imposed by, the U.S. government, such as the tariffs imposed on Chinese imports to the United States; 

greater difficulty in enforcing contracts, judgments and arbitration awards in international courts, and in collecting accounts receivable and longer payment and collection periods; 

greater risk of unexpected changes in regulatory practices, tariffs and tax laws and treaties; 

44 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 risks associated with trade restrictions and foreign legal requirements, including the importation, certification and localization of our solutions required in foreign countries; 

greater risk of a failure of foreign employees, partners, distributors and resellers to comply with both U.S. and foreign laws, including antitrust regulations, the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, U.S. or foreign sanctions regimes and export or import control laws and any trade regulations ensuring fair trade practices; 

heightened risk of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, or irregularities in, financial statements; 

requirements to comply with foreign privacy, data protection and information security laws and regulations and the risks and costs of noncompliance; 

increased expectations from foreign customers and other stakeholders about our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors (such as climate-related performance), and requirements to comply with foreign sustainability standards or initiatives, including new sustainability standards or initiatives in the European Union; 

reduced or uncertain protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

impediments to the flow of foreign exchange capital payments and receipts due to exchange controls instituted by certain foreign governments; 

increased expenses incurred in establishing and maintaining corporate entities, office space and equipment for our international operations; 

difficulties in managing and staffing international offices and increased travel, infrastructure and legal and regulatory compliance costs associated with multiple international locations, including costs related to additional regulatory reviews or audits, financial accounting and reporting obligations and international cybersecurity requirements; 

greater difficulty in identifying, attracting and retaining local experienced personnel, and the costs and expenses associated with such activities; 

the challenge of managing a development team in geographically disparate locations; 

management communication and integration problems resulting from cultural and geographic dispersion; 

differing employment practices and labor relations issues; 

fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies in markets where we do business; and 

treatment of revenue from international sources for tax purposes and changes in tax laws, regulations or official interpretations, including being subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying withholding, income or other taxes in foreign jurisdictions. 

45 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 As we expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks. These factors and other factors could harm our ability to gain future international revenue and, consequently, materially impact our business, operating results and financial condition. The entry into additional international markets will require significant management attention and financial resources. Our failure to successfully manage our international operations and the associated risks effectively could limit the future growth of our business. 
 A number of our solutions incorporate software provided under open source licenses which may restrict or impose certain obligations on how we use or distribute our solutions or subject us to various risks and challenges, which could result in increased development expenses, delays or disruptions to the release or distribution of those solutions, inability to protect our intellectual property rights and increased competition. 
 Certain significant components of our solutions incorporate or are based upon open source software, and we may incorporate open source software into other solutions in the future. Such open source software is generally licensed under open source licenses, including, for example, the GNU General Public License, the GNU Lesser General Public License, Apache-style licenses, BSD-style licenses and other open source licenses. The use of open source software subjects us to a number of risks and challenges, including, but not limited to: 
 If open source software programmers, most of whom we do not employ, do not continue to develop and enhance open source technologies, our development expenses could increase and our product release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. 

Open source software is open to further development or modification by anyone. As a result, others may develop such software to be competitive with our platform and may make such competitive software available as open source. It is also possible for competitors to develop their own solutions using open source software, potentially reducing the demand for, and putting price pressure on, our solutions. 

The licenses under which we license certain types of open source software may require that, if we modify the open source software we receive, we are required to make such modified software and other related proprietary software of ours publicly available without cost and on the same terms. In addition, some open source licenses appear to be permissive in that internal use of the open source software is allowed, but prohibit commercial uses, or treat provision of cloud services as triggering the requirement to make proprietary software publicly available. Accordingly, we monitor our use of open source software in an effort to avoid subjecting our proprietary software to such conditions and others we do not intend. Although we believe that we have complied with our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open source software that we use, our processes used to monitor how open source software is used could be subject to error. In addition, there is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of terms in most of these licenses and licensors sometimes change their license terms. Therefore, any improper usage of open source, including a failure to identify changes in license terms, could result in unanticipated obligations regarding our solutions and technologies, which could have an adverse impact on our intellectual property rights and our ability to derive revenue from solutions incorporating the open source software. 

If an author or other third party that distributes such open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur legal expenses defending against such allegations, or engineering expenses in developing a substitute solution. 

46 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 If we are unable to successfully address the challenges of integrating offerings based upon open source technology into our business, our business and operating results may be adversely affected and our development costs may increase. 
 The effects of a pandemic or major public health concern such as the COVID-19 pandemic (including any variants) and the actions taken in response, including our own, may materially affect how we and our customers and partners are operating our businesses, and the extent to which the effects of any such pandemic or major public health concern and such actions would impact our business, financial performance, results of operations and stock price would be highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 
 Epidemics, pandemics, other outbreaks of novel diseases or other major public health concerns could cause disruptions in our or our end customers or channel partners businesses, our suppliers and manufacturers operations or the global economy as a whole. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic (including any variants) caused significant disruptions, volatility and uncertainty to the global economy and unprecedented strains on governments, health care systems, educational institutions, businesses and individuals around the world, including in nearly all of the regions in which we operate. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, authorities, businesses, and individuals implemented numerous unprecedented measures from time to time, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place, stay-at-home, remote work and social distancing orders, and shutdowns. In the event of another pandemic or other similar major public health concerns, our employees may be exposed to health and safety risks, and governmental protocols may require us to again close our offices and implement precautionary measures. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken in response to the pandemic caused, and in the future pandemics or other major public health concerns may cause, various adverse effects on the global economy and our business. Those effects include, but are not limited to: 
 delays or disruptions in our or our partners supply chains and data center operations, including delays, difficulties or disruptions in procuring and shipping, or an inability to procure or ship, the hardware appliances (or any components thereof) on which our software solutions run, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, which may negatively affect our ability to close transactions with our customers and partners and/or to recognize the revenue from those transactions; 

decisions by our customers and potential customers to reduce IT spending or delay or abandon their planned or future purchases, which may reduce the demand for our solutions and/or result in extended sales cycles; 

decisions by our customers to purchase or renew our software solutions on shorter subscription terms than they have historically, and/or request to only pay for the initial year of a multi-year subscription term upfront, which could negatively impact our financial performance, and our cash flow in particular, when compared to historical periods; 

our customers and partners experiencing liquidity issues or entering bankruptcy or similar proceedings, which would impact our ability to collect payments in a timely manner, if at all; 

shifts in industry trends, for example, toward large public cloud providers, which may reduce the demand for our solutions; 

an inability to meet in person or otherwise effectively communicate with our current or potential customers, vendors, suppliers, and partners, which may negatively affect our current and future relationships with such customers, vendors, suppliers, and partners and our ability to generate demand for our solutions; 

47 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 additional delays, cancellations, or changes to user and industry conferences and other marketing events relating to our solutions, including our own customer and partner events, which may negatively impact our ability to obtain new and retain existing customers and effectively market our solutions; 

an inability to provide 24x7 worldwide support and/or replacement parts to our end customers in a timely manner or at all; 

delays or disruptions to our product roadmap, and our ability to deliver new products, features, or enhancements in a timely manner or at all; 

potential for increased cyber attacks and security challenges to the extent that our employees and those of our partners, customers and service providers work remotely from non-corporate managed networks; 

adoption of new laws or regulations, or changes to existing laws or regulations, including any restrictions or health and safety requirements that may be imposed and any new or additional restrictions against immigration and travel (such as cancellations or restrictions on the availability of visas, delays in the issuance of visas or suspensions of entry), which may create additional regulatory uncertainty and cause us to incur additional expenses in order to comply with, or due to delays or changes caused or mandated by, such laws or regulations and/or materially impair our ability to hire and retain skilled professionals; 

increased rate of attrition among our employee base, and inability to attract, recruit, retain and, where applicable, ramp to full productivity, qualified employees and key personnel; 

changes in our work environment and workforce, which may present operational and workplace culture challenges; 

difficulties or delays in ramping, training, and retaining new sales teams in an effective manner due in part to the inability to provide in-person trainings; 

negative physical and mental health impacts on, and resulting unavailability or reduced productivity of, our employees as a result of such employees or their family members contracting the virus, being placed in quarantine or self-isolation, being in jurisdictions where travel or other activities remain restricted, or due to prolonged social distancing measures; 

a significant and/or prolonged decline in, or increase in volatility relating to, the global financial and other capital markets, including significant and prolonged volatilities in stock prices, interest rates and exchange rates, and/or or a potential global recession or depression, which would adversely affect, potentially materially, our business and stock price, as well as our ability to access capital markets on terms favorable or acceptable to us, if at all; 

changes in our internal controls, policies and procedures due to hybrid or remote work arrangements, which may result in significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls in the preparation of our financial reports, and the resulting increased costs of controls and compliance oversight activities; 

an inability to execute our business continuity plans and/or maintain our critical business processes; and 

increased quarterly fluctuations in, and an inability to forecast or difficulties or delays in forecasting, our financial performance or results of operations, as well as related impacts to any financial guidance we may issue from time to time, including any modification or withdrawal thereof. 

48 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The duration, scope and ultimate impact of any pandemic or other similar major public health concern and the actions taken in response on the global economy and our business remain highly fluid, cannot be predicted with any degree of certainty, and will be highly dependent upon numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the actions of governments, businesses and other enterprises in response to the pandemic and the extent and effectiveness of those actions. 
 New epidemics, pandemics, other outbreaks of novel diseases or major public health concerns may arise at any time. If such epidemics, pandemics, outbreaks or major public health concern were to occur, or if we are not able to effectively respond to and manage the impact of such epidemic, pandemic, outbreak or other major public health concern, our business, operations and financial performance, and the price of our securities will be negatively affected, potentially materially. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our operating results. 
 Our sales contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, substantially all of our revenue is not subject to foreign currency risk. However, any relative strengthening of the U.S. dollar would increase the real cost of our solutions to our end customers outside of the United States, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In addition, an increasing portion of our operating expenses is incurred outside the United States, is denominated in foreign currencies such as the Euro, the Pound Sterling, the Indian Rupee, the Canadian Dollar and the Australian Dollar, and is subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. In particular, current geopolitical instability and fiscal and monetary policies have caused, and may continue to cause, significant volatility in the currency exchange rates, and such volatility may continue for the foreseeable future. If we become more exposed to currency fluctuations and are not able to successfully hedge against the risks associated with currency fluctuations, our operating results could be adversely affected. Furthermore, such currency fluctuations may also adversely impact our ability to accurately predict our future financial results. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative instruments. 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our operating results. 
 We do not collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, and we have been advised that such taxes are not applicable to our products and services in certain jurisdictions. Sales and use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable. If we are unsuccessful in collecting such taxes from our end customers, we could be held liable for such costs, which may adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 49 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our international operations may subject us to potential adverse tax consequences. 
 We have expanded our international operations and staff to better support our growth into the international markets. Our corporate structure and associated transfer pricing policies contemplate the business flows and future growth into the international markets, and consider the functions, risks and assets of the various entities involved in the intercompany transactions. The amount of taxes we pay in different jurisdictions may depend on the application of the tax laws of the various jurisdictions, including the United States, to our international business activities, changes in tax rates, new or revised tax laws or interpretations of existing tax laws and policies and our ability to operate our business in a manner consistent with our corporate structure and intercompany arrangements. The taxing authorities of the jurisdictions in which we operate may challenge our methodologies for pricing intercompany transactions pursuant to the intercompany arrangements or disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a challenge or disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. 
 Changes in global tax laws could increase our worldwide tax rate and could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, results of operations or financial conditions. 
 Global tax developments applicable to multinational businesses may have a material impact on our business, cash flow from operating activities, or financial results. The Biden administration has made several corporate income tax proposals, including substantial changes to the global intangible low-taxed income rules. International organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, have published Base Erosion and Profit Shifting action plans that many countries are starting to implement. The potential effects of Pillar Two may vary depending on specific provisions and rules implemented by each country that adopts Pillar Two. These changes may increase our tax obligations in these countries. In addition, several countries have proposed or enacted Digital Services Taxes, many of which would apply to revenues derived from digital services. We will continue to assess the ongoing impact of these current and pending changes to global tax legislation and the impact on our future financial statements upon the finalization of laws, regulations and additional guidance. In addition, as we continue to evaluate our corporate structure, any changes to the taxation of undistributed foreign earnings could also change our plans regarding reinvestment of such earnings. Due to the large scale of our U.S. and international business activities, many of these enacted and proposed changes to the taxation of our activities could increase our worldwide effective tax rate and have an adverse effect on our operating results, cash flow or financial condition. 
 Certain European Union and other jurisdictions have introduced anti-hybrid provisions. The scope of these rules is wide-reaching and can apply to disallow certain deductions for corporate tax purposes where hybrid entities exist within a company structure. These provisions may place additional burden on our management to assess the impact of the rules and potentially create additional tax costs. European Union countries and other jurisdictions will continue to interpret or issue additional guidance on how provisions of the anti-hybrid will be applied, which, if applicable, may materially impact our financial statements and cash flow. Separately, as a result of the complexity of, and lack of clear precedent or authority with respect to, the application of various income tax laws to our corporate structure, tax authorities may challenge how we report our transactions, which may increase our costs and impact our operations. 
 We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income-based taxes, in both the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions. Many judgments are required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities, and we are under audit by various tax authorities, which often do not agree with positions taken by us on our income and non-income-based tax returns. Although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. 
 
 50 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 
 In general, under Section 382 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), a corporation that undergoes an ownership change is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses NOLs ), and other tax attributes to offset future taxable income. An ownership change occurs when a company s five-percent shareholders (as defined in Section 382 of the Code) collectively increase their ownership in the company by more than 50 percentage points (by value) over a rolling three-year period. Similar limitations may apply for state tax purposes. If our existing NOLs are subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, our ability to utilize NOLs could be limited by Section 382 of the Code. We may experience ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership. In addition, at the state level, there may be periods during which the use of net operating losses is suspended or otherwise limited. 
 Our business is subject to the risks of natural disasters (including extreme weather), man-made problems and other similar events that may be outside of our control. 
 Significant natural disasters (such as earthquakes, fires, floods, and extreme weather), man-made problems (such as significant power outages, security breaches, acts of terrorism or war, civil unrests, or geopolitical turmoil), and other similar events that may be outside of our control could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results. For example, despite the implementation of network security measures, our networks also may be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our solutions. Further, both our corporate headquarters and our main contract manufacturers are located in the San Francisco Bay Area, a region known for seismic activity. In addition, natural disasters (including extreme weather) and man-made problems could cause disruptions in our or our end customers or channel partners businesses, our suppliers and manufacturers operations or the global economy as a whole. We also rely on IT systems to communicate among our workforce and with third parties. Any disruption to our communications, whether caused by a natural disaster or by man-made problems, such as power disruptions, could adversely affect our business. We do not have a formal disaster recovery plan or policy in place and do not currently require that our manufacturing partners have such plans or policies in place. To the extent that any such disruptions result in delays or cancellations of orders or impede our suppliers or our manufacturers ability to timely deliver our solutions and product components, or the deployment of our solutions, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. We do maintain what we believe are commercially reasonable levels of business interruption insurance. However, such insurance may not adequately cover our losses in the event of a significant disruption in our business. 
 If we are the victim of a cyber attack or other cyber security incident and our networks, computer systems or software solutions are breached or unauthorized access to sensitive or proprietary information, including employee or customer data, otherwise occurs, our business operations may be interrupted, our reputation and brand may be damaged, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Cyber attacks designed to gain access to sensitive or proprietary information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high-profile electronic security breaches leading to the unauthorized release of sensitive or proprietary information, including employee and customer information, have occurred at a number of large companies in recent years. Companies in our industry have reported that they have been subject to such cyber attacks, including attacks potentially from nation-state actors, and we could be subject to similar attempted attacks. More generally, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (predominantly spear phishing attacks) and general hacking have become prevalent in our industry, particularly against cloud services, and we and companies like us can suffer security breaches from a variety of causes, whether due to third-party action, software bugs or vulnerabilities or coding errors, physical break-ins, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. In addition, retaliatory acts by Russia in response to Western sanctions could include cyber attacks that could disrupt the economy or that could also either directly or indirectly impact our operations. 
 
 51 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We regularly face a wide variety of attempted attacks of this nature, some of which may be successful, although none to-date have had a significant impact on our business. As we transition to offering more cloud-based solutions, as well as those based on our partnerships with third party public cloud providers, we and our third-party public cloud providers may increasingly be the target of cyber threats. 
 Because the techniques used and vulnerabilities exploited to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently, and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures. We may also experience security breaches that may remain undetected for an extended period. 
 If any unauthorized access to or security breach of our solutions occurs, such an event could result in the loss of data, loss of intellectual property or trade secrets, loss of business, severe reputational or brand damage adversely affecting end customer or investor confidence, regulatory investigations and orders and other enforcement actions, litigation, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach and penalties for violation of privacy, data protection and other applicable laws, regulations or contractual obligations. We may also be subject to potentially significant costs for remediation that may include liability for stolen assets or information and repair of system damage that may have been caused or incentives offered to end customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain business relationships after a breach and other liabilities. Additionally, any such event or perceived event could impact our reputation and brand, harm customer confidence, hurt our sales and expansion into existing and new markets or cause us to lose potential or existing end customers. Any actual, potential or anticipated attack may cause us to incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees and engage third-party experts and consultants. 
 Furthermore, a high-profile security breach suffered, or perceived to have been suffered, by an industry peer may entail a general loss of trust in our industry and thereby have a similar adverse impact on our business and financial performance as a direct breach suffered by us. We could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to alleviate problems caused by such actual or perceived breaches and to remediate our systems, we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation or regulatory action and possible liability, and our ability to operate our business may be impaired. 
 In addition, if the security measures of our end customers, partners, vendors, or suppliers are compromised, even without any actual compromise of our own systems or of our solutions used by such end customers, partners, vendors, or suppliers, we may face negative publicity, reputational harm or brand damage if our end customers, partners, vendors, or suppliers or anyone else incorrectly attributes the blame for such security breaches to us or our solutions. If end customers believe that our solutions do not provide adequate security for the storage of personal or other sensitive or proprietary information or the transmission of such information over the internet, our business will be harmed. End customers concerns about security or privacy may deter them from using our solutions for activities that involve personal or other sensitive information, which may significantly affect our business and operating results. 
 Moreover, we have acquired a number of companies, products, services and technologies over the years. Although we devote significant resources to address any security issues with respect to such acquisitions, we may still inherit additional risks as we integrate these companies, products, services and technologies into our business and solutions. 
 
 52 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Investors and other stakeholders expectations of our performance relating to environmental, social and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks. 
 There is an increasing focus from certain investors, customers, partners, employees, other stakeholders, and regulators concerning environmental, social and governance matters ESG ). Some investors may use these non-financial performance factors to guide their investment strategies and, in some cases, may choose not to invest in us if they believe our policies and actions relating to ESG are inadequate. We may face reputational damage in the event that we do not meet the ESG standards set by various constituencies. 
 As ESG best practices and reporting standards continue to develop, we may incur increasing costs relating to ESG monitoring and reporting and complying with ESG initiatives. For example, the SEC has recently proposed climate change and ESG reporting requirements, which, if approved, would increase our compliance costs. We may also face greater costs to comply with new ESG standards or initiatives in the European Union. We publish an annual ESG report, which reports, among other things, our greenhouse gas emissions and our efforts to manage our emissions. In addition, our annual ESG report provides highlights of how we are supporting our workforce, including our diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging efforts. Our disclosures on these matters, or a failure to meet evolving stakeholder expectations for ESG practices and reporting, may potentially harm our reputation and customer relationships. Due to new regulatory standards and market standards, certain new or existing customers, particularly those in the European Union, may impose stricter ESG guidelines or mandates for, and may scrutinize relationships more closely with, their counterparties, including us, which may lengthen sales cycles or increase our costs. 
 Furthermore, if our competitors ESG performance is perceived to be better than ours, potential or current investors may elect to invest with our competitors instead. In addition, in the event that we communicate certain initiatives or goals regarding ESG matters, we could fail, or be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such initiatives or goals, or we could be criticized for the scope of such initiatives or goals. If we fail to satisfy the expectations of investors, customers, employees and other stakeholders or our initiatives are not executed as planned, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be adversely affected. 
 We may further expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies (or vice versa through divestitures), each of which may divert our management s attention, resulting in additional dilution to our stockholders and consumption of resources that are necessary to sustain and grow our business. 
 Our business strategy may, from time to time, include acquiring other complementary products, technologies or businesses or divesting certain products. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses in order to expand our solutions, which could involve preferred or exclusive licenses, additional channels of distribution or discount pricing or investments in other companies. Negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions may be subject to third-party approvals, such as government regulatory approvals, which are beyond our control. Consequently, we can make no assurance that these transactions once undertaken and announced, will close. 
 
 53 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 These kinds of acquisitions, divestitures or investments may result in unforeseen expenditures and operating and integration difficulties, especially if the acquisitions, divestitures or investments are more complex in structure and scope, including due to the geographic location of the acquired company. In particular, we may encounter difficulties assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of companies that we may acquire, particularly if the key personnel of the acquired business choose not to work for us. We may have difficulty retaining the customers of any acquired business or the acquired technologies or research and development expectations may prove unsuccessful. Acquisitions or divestitures may also disrupt our ongoing business, divert our resources, require significant management attention that would otherwise be available for development of our business and may be viewed negatively by our end customers, investors or securities analysts. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition or divestiture transaction, including accounting charges. Any acquisition or investment could expose us to unknown liabilities and risks, and we may incur additional costs and expenses necessary to address an acquired company s failure to comply with laws and governmental rules and regulations. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition or investment would be realized in a timely manner, if at all, or that we would not be exposed to unknown liabilities. In connection with these types of transactions, we may issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders, use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business, incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay, incur large charges or substantial liabilities, encounter difficulties integrating diverse business cultures and become subject to adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation or deferred compensation charges. These challenges related to acquisitions, divestitures or investments could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
 Risks Related to Our Convertible Notes 
 As of July 31, 2023, we had outstanding 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.50 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and 575.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.25 convertible senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes, together with the 2026 Notes, the Notes ). 
 Servicing the Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash, to repay the Notes at maturity, or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change. 
 Holders of each series of Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change before the applicable maturity date at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of such Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid special interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our Class A common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted. Moreover, we will be required to repay the Notes of a series in cash at their maturity unless earlier converted or repurchased. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes of a series surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to Notes of such series being converted or at their maturity. 
 
 54 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 In addition, our ability to repurchase Notes of a series or to pay cash upon conversions of such Notes or at their maturity may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Notes of a series at a time when the repurchase is required by the applicable indenture or to pay cash upon conversions of such Notes or at their maturity as required by the applicable indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under the applicable indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of a fundamental change under the applicable indenture could constitute an event of default under any such agreement. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness or to pay cash amounts due upon conversion, upon required repurchase or at maturity of the applicable series of Notes. 
 The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 2.50 per annum, with such interest to be paid in kind on the 2026 Notes held by Bain Capital, LP Bain through an increase in the principal amount of the 2026 Notes, and paid in cash on any 2026 Notes transferred to entities that are not affiliated with Bain, on a semi-annual basis. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 0.25 per annum, with such interest to be paid semi-annually in arrears on each April 1 and October 1. Our ability to make scheduled payments of interest depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not be able to generate cash flows from operations in the future that are sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flows, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional debt financing or equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. Higher prevailing interest rates and/or a tightening supply of credit would adversely affect the terms upon which we would be able to refinance our indebtedness, if at all. As a result, we may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, any of our future debt agreements may contain restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting any of these alternatives. 
 The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of the applicable series of Notes is triggered, holders of such series of Notes will be entitled to convert their Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our Class A common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation in cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders of a series of Notes do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of such series of Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, has had, and may continue to have, a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 On August 1, 2021, we adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06. Our adoption of this new standard requires us to use the if-converted method for our diluted earnings per share calculation, the effect of which is that the transaction is accounted for as if all of the outstanding Notes were to be converted into shares of our Class A common stock. As a result, our diluted earnings per share could be adversely affected in the future. For more information on our adoption of ASU 2020-06, refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 55 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 The market price of our securities may be volatile and may decline. 
 The market price of our securities has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate substantially. The market price of our securities depends on a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our securities include the following: 
 price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of high technology stocks; 

changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; 

changes in financial estimates by any analysts who follow our company, including as a result of any current and future business model transitions (including our transition to a subscription-based business model), or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; 

the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections, or any failure to meet or exceed these projections; 

announcements by us or our competitors of new products and solutions or new or terminated significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; 

public analyst or investor reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; 

rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; 

actual or anticipated changes or fluctuations in our operating results; 

actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 

actual or threatened litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; 

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our solutions, or third-party proprietary rights; 

rumored, announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies of or by us or our competitors; 

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; 

any major changes in our management or our Board of Directors; 

general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and 

56 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 other events or factors which may be outside of our control, such as political and social unrest, terrorist attacks, hostilities, war, malicious human acts, climate change, natural disasters (including extreme weather), pandemics or other major public health concerns, and other similar events, or responses to these events. 

In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our securities, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of a particular company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. For example, following our earnings release in February 2019, the price of our Class A common stock fell significantly and, as a result, multiple class action securities lawsuits were filed against us, as well as multiple shareholder derivative claims. Any securities litigation matters that may be instituted against us could result in substantial costs, divert our management s attention and resources from our business, and adversely impact our reputation and brand. This could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public markets, or the perception that they might occur, could reduce the price that our securities might otherwise attain and may dilute your voting power and your ownership interest in us. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock in the public markets, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and significant stockholders, or the perception that these sales could occur (including public disclosure of sales contemplated by 10b5-1 trading plans), could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 We have reserved a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock for issuance upon vesting or exercise of our equity compensation plans and upon conversion of the Notes. 
 We have also registered the offer and sale of all shares of our Class A common stock that we may issue under our equity compensation plans. 
 We may also issue our shares of Class A common stock or additional securities convertible into shares of our Class A common stock from time to time in connection with a financing, acquisition, investments or otherwise. Any such issuance could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Conversion of our Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, or may otherwise depress the price of our securities. 
 The conversion of some or all of our Notes, to the extent we deliver shares upon conversion thereof, will dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders, reduce our earnings per share and potentially have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Any sales in the public market of our Class A common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our securities. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the Notes into shares of our Class A common stock could depress the price of our securities. 
 
 57 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. 
 In August 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 350.0 million of our Class A common stock. The authorization has no fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to repurchase any specified number or dollar value of shares. We cannot guarantee that the share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases under the program could affect, and increase the volatility of, the price of our Class A common stock and will diminish our cash reserves. In addition, as part of the Inflation Reduction Act signed into law in August 2022, the United States implemented a 1 excise tax on the value of certain stock repurchases by publicly traded companies. This tax could increase the costs to us of any share repurchases. The program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time, and any future announcement of a termination of the program could result in a decrease in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 If financial or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they have difficulty understanding the changes to our business model, or if they issue inaccurate or unfavorable research regarding our securities, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. In addition, we are in a period of transition to a subscription-based business model in the long term, which analysts may not have historically reflected, or may not accurately in the future reflect, in their research. The foregoing factors could affect analysts' ability to accurately forecast our results and make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. In the event we obtain industry or financial analyst coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us issue an inaccurate or unfavorable opinion regarding our securities, the price of our securities would likely decline. In addition, the stock prices of many companies in the high technology industry have declined significantly after those companies have failed to meet, or in some cases failed to significantly exceed, the financial guidance publicly announced by the companies or the expectations of analysts. If our financial results fail to meet (or exceed) our announced guidance or the expectations of analysts or public investors, analysts could downgrade our Class A common stock or publish unfavorable research about us. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the price of our securities or trading volume to decline, potentially significantly. 
 Certain provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our Board of Directors or current management and may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors that are not nominated by the current members of our Board of Directors or take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: 
 a classified Board of Directors with three-year staggered terms (which will be phased out starting with our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders so that our Board of Directors will be fully declassified by our 2025 annual meeting of stockholders), which could delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership of a majority of our Board of Directors; 

the ability of our Board of Directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; 

58 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 the exclusive right of our Board of Directors to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board of Directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors; 

a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; 

the requirement that a special meeting of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of our Board of Directors, our lead independent director, our president, our secretary or a majority vote of our Board of Directors, which could delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or to take action, including the removal of directors; 

the ability of our Board of Directors, by majority vote, to amend our amended and restated bylaws, which may allow our Board of Directors to take additional actions to prevent an unsolicited takeover and inhibit the ability of an acquirer to amend our amended and restated bylaws to facilitate an unsolicited takeover attempt; and 

advance notice procedures with which stockholders must comply to nominate candidates to our Board of Directors or to propose matters to be acted upon at a stockholders meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. These provisions may prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock, from merging or combining with us for a certain period of time. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and, to the extent enforceable, the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which will restrict our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings under Delaware statutory or common law: any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of a fiduciary duty, any action arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or our amended and restated bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated bylaws provide that the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 
 59 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees. If a court were to find either exclusive-forum provision in our amended and restated bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could seriously harm our business. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our Class A common stock. We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Class A common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. 
 
 60 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not Applicable. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in San Jose, California where, under lease agreements that expire through May 2030, we currently lease approximately 333,000 square feet of space. Following an evaluation of our longer-term facilities plans due to our transition to a hybrid work environment, we entered into amendments to these lease agreements to reduce our leased space to approximately 215,000 square feet beginning in June 2024. We also maintain offices in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa. We lease all of our facilities and do not own any real property. We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future and that, should it be needed, we would lease suitable additional space to accommodate our operations. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 The information set forth under the Legal Proceedings subheading in Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 61 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock began trading publicly on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker symbol NTNX on September 30, 2016. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our Class A common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sale prices of our Class A common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 

Fiscal 2022 

Fiscal 2023 

Fiscal Quarter: 
 
 High 

Low 

High 

Low 

First quarter 

43.95 

33.10 

27.40 

15.21 

Second quarter 

36.28 

24.71 

33.32 

25.09 

Third quarter 

28.47 

22.14 

29.52 

23.42 

Fourth quarter 

26.34 

13.75 

30.55 

23.94 

Holders of Record 
 As of July 31, 2023, there were 72 holders of record of our Class A common stock. This figure does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders of our common stock whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our Class A common stock. We do not anticipate paying any dividends on our Class A common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to declare dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors, subject to applicable laws and will depend on our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, general business conditions and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 
 There were no purchase of equity securities by the issuer during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. Following the end of fiscal 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 350.0 million of our Class A common stock. For more information on the share repurchase program, refer to Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 62 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph shows a comparison from July 31, 2018 through July 31, 2023 of the cumulative total return for our Class A common stock based on the closing price on the last day of each respective period. The graph assumes an initial investment of 100 on July 31, 2018 in the common stock of Nutanix, Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index and NASDAQ Computer Index and assumes reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Fiscal Year 

7/31/18 

7/31/19 

7/31/20 

7/31/21 

7/31/22 

7/31/23 

Nutanix, Inc. 

100.00 

46.43 

45.39 

73.68 

30.95 

61.77 

Nasdaq Composite Index 

100.00 

107.74 

143.06 

196.76 

167.33 

195.47 

Nasdaq Computer Index 

100.00 

109.50 

162.42 

234.00 

197.59 

250.79 

63 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The information on the above graph shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed by us with the SEC, whether made before or after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 64 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The last day of our fiscal year is July 31. Our fiscal quarters end on October 31, January 31, April 30 and July 31. This discussion gives effect to the correction disclosed in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See also Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above. 
 Overview 
 Nutanix, Inc. we, us, our or Nutanix provides a leading enterprise cloud platform, which we call the Nutanix Cloud Platform, that consists of software solutions and cloud services that power our customers enterprise infrastructure. Our solutions deliver a consistent cloud operating model across edge, private-, hybrid- and multicloud environments for all applications and their data. Our solutions allow organizations to simply run and move their workloads, including enterprise applications, high-performance databases, end-user computing and virtual desktop infrastructure services, container-based modern applications, and analytics applications, between on-premises and public clouds. Our goal is to provide a single, simple, open software platform for all hybrid- and multicloud applications and their data. 
 The Nutanix Cloud Platform can be deployed on-premises at the edge or in data centers, running on a variety of qualified hardware platforms, in popular public cloud environments such as AWS and Microsoft Azure through Nutanix Cloud Clusters, or, in the case of our cloud-based software and software-as-a-service SaaS offerings, via hosted service. Non-portable software licenses for our platform are delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances, with a license term equal to the life of the associated appliance. Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can also be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Our subscription term-based licenses typically have terms ranging from one to five years. Our cloud-based SaaS subscriptions have terms extending up to five years. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, original equipment manufacturers OEMs or, in limited cases, directly from Nutanix. 
 Our enterprise cloud platform typically includes one or more years of support and entitlements, which provides customers with the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. Purchases of term-based licenses and SaaS subscriptions have support and entitlements included within the subscription fees and are not sold separately. Purchases of non-portable software are typically accompanied by the purchase of separate support and entitlements. 
 Product revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our solutions. Support, entitlements and other services revenue is primarily derived from the related support and maintenance contracts. Prior to fiscal 2019, we delivered most of our solutions on an appliance, thus our revenue included the revenue associated with the appliance and the included non-portable software, which lasts for the life of the associated appliance. However, starting in fiscal 2018, as a result of our business model transition toward software-only sales, more of our customers began buying appliances directly from our OEMs while separately buying licenses for our software solutions from us or one of our channel partners. In addition, starting in fiscal 2019, as a result of our transition toward a subscription-based business model, more of our customers began purchasing separately sold subscription term-based licenses that could be deployed on a variety of hardware platforms. 
 
 65 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 We had a broad and diverse base of over 24,000 end customers as of July 31, 2023, including approximately 1,020 Global 2000 enterprises. We define the number of end customers as the number of end customers for which we have received an order by the last day of the period, excluding partners to which we have sold products for their own demonstration purposes. A single organization or customer may represent multiple end customers for separate divisions, segments, or subsidiaries, and the total number of end customers may contract due to mergers, acquisitions, or other consolidation among existing end customers. 
 Our solutions are primarily sold through channel partners and OEMs and delivered directly to our end customers. Our solutions serve a broad range of workloads, including enterprise applications, databases, virtual desktop infrastructure, unified communications and big data analytics, and we support both virtualized and container-based applications. We have end customers across a broad range of industries, such as automotive, consumer goods, education, energy, financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, media, public sector, retail, technology, and telecommunications. We also sell to service providers, who utilize our enterprise cloud platform to provide a variety of cloud-based services to their customers. 
 We continue to invest in the growth of our business over the long-run, including the development of our solutions and investing in sales and marketing to capitalize on our market opportunities, while improving our operating cash flow performance by focusing on go-to-market efficiencies. By maintaining this balance, we believe we can sustain profitable growth. As discussed further in the Factors Affecting Our Performance section below, as part of our overall efforts to improve our operating cash flow performance, we have proactively taken steps to manage our expenses. As a result, our overall spending on such efforts will fluctuate, and may decline, from quarter to quarter in the near-term. 
 As initially disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 24, 2023, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors completed its investigation into our management s discovery that certain third-party evaluation software was instead used for interoperability testing, validation and customer proofs of concept over a multi-year period. The Audit Committee found no evidence of wrongdoing by current senior management or by any members of the finance, legal, or accounting departments, but found that individual departments within our company procured software licenses without appropriate coordination with other departments and without ensuring that such licenses were sufficient for or consistent with the intended uses of the software, and as a result, evaluation software from two of our third-party providers was used in a non-compliant manner for interoperability testing, validation, customer proofs of concept, training and customer support over a multi-year period. In addition, the Audit Committee concluded that certain employees engaged in intentional misconduct to conceal use of evaluation software with respect to one of our third-party providers in violation of our code of business conduct and ethics and other policies. The Audit Committee proposed certain recommendations that our Board of Directors directed management to implement. Following the completion of the Audit Committee s investigation, we also terminated certain employees who were found to be primarily responsible for the intentional misconduct, and the Audit Committee identified actions of certain other employees that were inconsistent with our code of business conduct and ethics and other policies and referred these matters to management for appropriate action. 
 
 66 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 In connection with the investigation, we had identified control deficiencies that, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. While our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee, has made significant progress toward remediating this material weakness, our management determined that this material weakness has not yet been fully remediated. For more information about our remediation efforts, refer to Part II, Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This material weakness resulted in an error in the reporting of expenses for software licenses and support for each prior period beginning in August 2014, resulting in an immaterial understatement of operating expenses and accrued expenses and other current liabilities for these prior periods. We have evaluated the materiality of this error and determined that the impact is not material to our previously issued financial statements. We have determined to prospectively correct our previously issued financial statements to reflect the correction of this error rather than record a cumulative out-of-period adjustment for this error in the current period. As a result, we have prospectively corrected our financial statements for the affected periods to reflect the correction of this error. For more information, refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 67 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Key Financial and Performance Metrics 
 We monitor the following key financial and performance metrics: 

As of and for the Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages and end customer count) 

Total revenue 

1,394,364 

1,580,796 

1,862,895 

Year-over-year percentage increase 

6.6 

13.4 

17.8 

Subscription revenue 

1,243,621 

1,433,773 

1,730,848 

Total billings 

1,521,096 

1,708,641 

2,005,582 

Subscription billings 

1,354,155 

1,563,560 

1,868,943 

Annual contract value ACV billings 

594,292 

756,326 

956,810 

Annual recurring revenue ARR 

878,733 

1,202,438 

1,561,981 

Gross profit 

1,102,458 

1,259,640 

1,530,708 

Non-GAAP gross profit 

1,147,730 

1,311,662 

1,575,385 

Gross margin 

79.1 

79.7 

82.2 

Non-GAAP gross margin 

82.3 

83.0 

84.6 

Operating expenses 

1,764,569 

1,718,492 

1,737,858 

Non-GAAP operating expenses 

1,430,089 

1,398,881 

1,414,389 

Operating loss 

(662,111) 

(458,852) 

(207,150) 

Non-GAAP operating (loss) income 

(282,359) 

(87,219) 

160,996 

Operating margin 

(47.5) 

(29.0) 

(11.1) 

Non-GAAP operating margin 

(20.3) 

(5.5) 

8.6 

Total deferred revenue 

1,312,923 

1,445,538 

1,595,032 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(99,810) 

67,543 

272,403 

Free cash flow 

(158,457) 

18,485 

206,999 

Total end customers (1) 

20,130 

22,600 

24,550 

(1) The total end customer count reflects standard adjustments/consolidation to certain customer accounts within our system of record and is rounded to the nearest 10. 

Disaggregation of Revenue and Billings 
 The following table depicts the disaggregation of revenue and billings by type, consistent with how we evaluate our financial performance: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Disaggregation of revenue: 

Subscription revenue 

1,243,621 

1,433,773 

1,730,848 

Non-portable software revenue 

71,390 

49,694 

37,382 

Hardware revenue 

6,259 

5,585 

2,824 

Professional services revenue 

73,094 

91,744 

91,841 

Total revenue 

1,394,364 

1,580,796 

1,862,895 

Disaggregation of billings: 

Subscription billings 

1,354,155 

1,563,560 

1,868,943 

Non-portable software billings 

71,390 

49,694 

37,382 

Hardware billings 

6,259 

5,585 

2,824 

Professional services billings 

89,292 

89,802 

96,433 

Total billings 

1,521,096 

1,708,641 

2,005,582 

68 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Subscription revenue Subscription revenue includes any performance obligation which has a defined term and is generated from the sales of software entitlement and support subscriptions, subscription software licenses and cloud-based SaaS offerings. 
 Ratable We recognize revenue from software entitlement and support subscriptions and SaaS offerings ratably over the contractual service period, the substantial majority of which relate to software entitlement and support subscriptions. These offerings represented approximately 639.3 million, 770.4 million and 905.8 million of our subscription revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 

Upfront Revenue from our subscription software licenses is generally recognized upfront upon transfer of control to the customer, which happens when we make the software available to the customer. These subscription software licenses represented approximately 604.3 million, 663.4 million and 825.0 million of our subscription revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 

Non-portable software revenue Non-portable software revenue includes sales of our enterprise cloud platform when delivered on a configured-to-order appliance by us or one of our OEM partners. The software licenses associated with these sales are typically non-portable and can be used over the life of the appliance on which the software is delivered. Revenue from our non-portable software products is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 Hardware revenue In transactions where the hardware appliance is purchased directly from Nutanix, we consider ourselves to be the principal in the transaction and we record revenue and costs of goods sold on a gross basis. We consider the amount allocated to hardware revenue to be equivalent to the cost of the hardware procured. Hardware revenue is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 Professional services revenue We also sell professional services with our products. We recognize revenue related to professional services as they are performed. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Key Performance Measures 
 We regularly monitor total billings, subscription billings, ACV billings, ARR, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP operating margin, free cash flow, and total end customers, which are non-GAAP financial measures and key performance measures, to help us evaluate our growth and operational efficiencies, measure our performance, identify trends in our sales activity and establish our budgets. We evaluate these measures because they: 
 are used by management and the Board of Directors to understand and evaluate our performance and trends, as well as to provide a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our core business, particularly as we operate a subscription-based business model; 

are widely used as a measure of financial performance to understand and evaluate companies in our industry; and 

are used by management to prepare and approve our annual budget and to develop short-term and long-term operational and compensation plans, as well as to assess our actual performance against our goals. 

69 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Total billings is a performance measure which we believe provides useful information to our management and investors, as it represents the dollar value under binding purchase orders received and billed during a given period. Subscription billings is a performance measure that we believe provides useful information to our management and investors as it allows us to better track the growth of the subscription-based portion of our business, which is a critical part of our business plan. ACV billings is a performance measure that we believe provides useful information to our management and investors as they allow us to better track the topline growth of our business during our transition to a subscription-based business model because it takes into account variability in term lengths. ARR is a performance measure that we believe provides useful information to our management and investors as it allows us to better track the topline growth of our subscription business because it only includes non-life-of-device contracts and takes into account variability in term lengths. Non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), and non-GAAP operating margin are performance measures which we believe provide useful information to investors, as they provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance and liquidity by excluding certain expenses and expenditures, such as stock-based compensation expense, that may not be indicative of our ongoing core business operating results. Free cash flow is a performance measure that we believe provides useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash used in or generated by the business after necessary capital expenditures. We use these non-GAAP financial and key performance measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. 
 Total billings, subscription billings, ACV billings, ARR, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flow have limitations as analytical tools and they should not be considered in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States. Total billings, subscription billings, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flow are not substitutes for total revenue, subscription revenue, gross profit, gross margin, operating expenses, operating loss, operating margin, or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, respectively. There is no GAAP measure that is comparable to ACV billings or ARR, so we have not reconciled either ACV billings or ARR numbers included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to any GAAP measure. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures and key performance measures differently or may use other measures to evaluate their performance, all of which could reduce the usefulness of our non-GAAP financial measures and key performance measures as tools for comparison. We urge you to review the reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures and key performance measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures included below and not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 
 We calculate our non-GAAP financial and key performance measures as follows: 
 Total billings We calculate total billings by adding the change in deferred revenue and the change in unbilled accounts receivable between the start and end of the period to total revenue recognized in the same period. 
 Subscription billings We calculate subscription billings by adding the change in subscription deferred revenue between the start and end of the period to subscription revenue recognized in the same period. 
 
 70 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 ACV billings We calculate ACV billings as the sum of the ACV for all contracts billed during the period. ACV is defined as the total annualized value of a contract, excluding amounts related to professional services and hardware. We calculate the total annualized value for a contract by dividing the total value of the contract by the number of years in the term of such contract, using, where applicable, an assumed term of five years for contracts that do not have a specified term. 
 ARR We calculate ARR as the sum of ACV for all non-life-of-device contracts in effect as of the end of a specific period. For the purposes of this calculation, we assume that the contract term begins on the date a contract is booked, unless the terms of such contract prevent us from fulfilling our obligations until a later period, and irrespective of the periods in which we would recognize revenue for such contract. 
 Non-GAAP gross profit and Non-GAAP gross margin We calculate non-GAAP gross margin as non-GAAP gross profit divided by total revenue. We define non-GAAP gross profit as gross profit adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring charges, impairment of lease-related assets, and costs associated with other non-recurring transactions. Our presentation of non-GAAP gross profit and non-GAAP gross margin should not be construed as implying that our future results will not be affected by any recurring expenses or any unusual or non-recurring items that we exclude from our calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Non-GAAP operating expenses We define non-GAAP operating expenses as total operating expenses adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring charges, impairment of lease-related assets, litigation settlement accruals and legal fees related to certain litigation matters, and costs associated with other non-recurring transactions. Our presentation of non-GAAP operating expenses should not be construed as implying that our future results will not be affected by any recurring expenses or any unusual or non-recurring items that we exclude from our calculation of this non-GAAP financial measure. 
 Non-GAAP operating income (loss) and Non-GAAP operating margin We calculate non-GAAP operating margin as non-GAAP operating income (loss) divided by total revenue. We define non-GAAP operating income (loss) as operating loss adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation expense, amortization of acquired intangible assets, restructuring charges, impairment of lease-related assets, litigation settlement accruals and legal fees related to certain litigation matters, and costs associated with other non-recurring transactions. Our presentation of non-GAAP operating income (loss) and non-GAAP operating margin should not be construed as implying that our future results will not be affected by any recurring expenses or any unusual or non-recurring items that we exclude from our calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Free cash flow We calculate free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less purchases of property and equipment, which measures our ability to generate cash from our business operations after our capital expenditures. 
 Total end customers We define the number of end customers as the number of end customers for which we have received an order by the last day of the period, excluding partners to which we have sold products for their own demonstration purposes. A single organization or customer may represent multiple end customers for separate divisions, segments, or subsidiaries, and the total number of end customers may contract due to mergers, acquisitions, or other consolidation among existing end customers. 
 
 71 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of total billings, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income (loss), non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, for each of the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Total revenue 

1,394,364 

1,580,796 

1,862,895 

Change in deferred revenue 

126,732 

127,845 

142,687 

Total billings (non-GAAP) 

1,521,096 

1,708,641 

2,005,582 

Gross profit 

1,102,458 

1,259,640 

1,530,708 

Stock-based compensation 

30,483 

38,225 

34,577 

Amortization of intangible assets 

14,776 

13,579 

9,870 

Restructuring charges 

218 

230 

Impairment of lease-related assets 

13 

Non-GAAP gross profit 

1,147,730 

1,311,662 

1,575,385 

Gross margin 

79.1 

79.7 

82.2 

Stock-based compensation 

2.2 

2.4 

1.9 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1.0 

0.9 

0.5 

Restructuring charges 

Impairment of lease-related assets 

Non-GAAP gross margin 

82.3 

83.0 

84.6 

Operating expenses 

1,764,569 

1,718,492 

1,737,858 

Stock-based compensation 

(328,062) 

(305,021) 

(277,168) 

Amortization of intangible assets 

(2,604) 

(2,604) 

(827) 

Restructuring charges 

(10,957) 

(5,073) 

Impairment / early exit of lease-related assets 

(1,407) 

(597) 

(1,726) 

Litigation settlement accrual and legal fees 

(2,407) 

(432) 

(38,675) 

Non-GAAP operating expenses 

1,430,089 

1,398,881 

1,414,389 

Loss from operations 

(662,111) 

(458,852) 

(207,150) 

Stock-based compensation 

358,545 

343,246 

311,745 

Amortization of intangible assets 

17,380 

16,183 

10,697 

Restructuring charges 

11,175 

5,303 

Impairment / early exit of lease-related assets 

1,420 

597 

1,726 

Litigation settlement accrual and legal fees 

2,407 

432 

38,675 

Non-GAAP (loss) income from operations 

(282,359) 

(87,219) 

160,996 

Operating margin 

(47.5) 

(29.0) 

(11.1) 

Stock-based compensation 

25.7 

21.8 

16.6 

Amortization of intangible assets 

1.2 

1.0 

0.6 

Restructuring charges 

0.7 

0.3 

Impairment / early exit of lease-related assets 

0.1 

0.1 

Litigation settlement accrual and legal fees 

0.2 

2.1 

Non-GAAP operating margin 

(20.3) 

(5.5) 

8.6 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(99,810) 

67,543 

272,403 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(58,647) 

(49,058) 

(65,404) 

Free cash flow (non-GAAP) 

(158,457) 

18,485 

206,999 

72 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

The following table presents a reconciliation of subscription billings and professional services billings to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, for each of the periods indicated: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Subscription revenue 

1,243,621 

1,433,773 

1,730,848 

Change in subscription deferred revenue 

110,534 

129,787 

138,095 

Subscription billings 

1,354,155 

1,563,560 

1,868,943 

Professional services revenue 

73,094 

91,744 

91,841 

Change in professional services deferred revenue 

16,198 

(1,942) 

4,592 

Professional services billings 

89,292 

89,802 

96,433 

Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe that our future success will depend on many factors, including those described below. While these areas present significant opportunity, they also present risks that we must manage to achieve successful results. See the section titled Risk Factors for details. If we are unable to address these challenges, our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Investment in Profitable Growth 
 We continue to invest in our growth over the long-run, while improving our operating cash flow performance by focusing on go-to-market efficiencies. By maintaining this balance, we believe we can sustain profitable growth. 
 Investment in Sales and Marketing Our ability to achieve billings and revenue growth depends, in large part, on our ability to capitalize on our market opportunity, including our ability to recruit, train and retain sufficient numbers of ramped sales personnel to support our growth. As part of our investment in our growth over the long-run, we plan to invest in sales and marketing, including investing in our sales and marketing teams and continuing our focus on opportunities with major accounts, large deals, and commercial accounts, as well as other sales and marketing initiatives to increase our pipeline growth. In recent years, we have also seen higher-than-normal attrition among our sales representatives, and while we are actively recruiting additional sales representatives, it will take time to replace, train, and ramp them to full productivity. As a result, our overall sales and marketing expense may fluctuate, and may decline, in the near term. We estimate, based on past experience, that our average sales team members typically become fully ramped up around the start of their fourth quarter of employment with us, and as our newer employees ramp up, we expect their increased productivity to contribute to our revenue growth. As of July 31, 2023, we considered approximately 80 of our global sales team members to be fully ramped, while the remaining approximately 20 of our global sales team members are in the process of ramping up. As we continue to focus some of our newer and existing sales team members on major accounts and large deals, and as we continue our transition toward a subscription-based business model, it may take longer, potentially significantly, for these sales team members to become fully productive, and there may also be an impact to the overall productivity of our sales team. As part of our overall efforts to improve our free cash flow performance, we have also proactively taken steps to increase our go-to-market productivity and over time, we intend to reduce our overall sales and marketing spend as a percentage of revenue. These measures include improving the efficiency of our demand generation spend, focusing on lower cost renewals, increasing leverage of our channel partners, and optimizing headcount in geographies based on market opportunities. 
 
 73 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Investment in Research and Development and Engineering We also intend, in the long term, to grow our global research and development and engineering teams to enhance our solutions, including our newer subscription-based products, improve integration with new and existing ecosystem partners and broaden the range of technologies and features available through our platform. 
 We believe that these investments will contribute to our long-term growth, although they may adversely affect our profitability in the near term. 
 Subscription-Based Business Model 
 Starting in fiscal 2019, as a result of our transition toward a subscription-based business model, more of our customers began purchasing separately sold subscription term-based licenses that could be deployed on a variety of hardware platforms. Shifts in the mix of whether our solutions are sold on a subscription basis have and could continue to result in fluctuations in our billings and revenue. Subscription sales consist of subscription term-based licenses and offerings with ongoing performance obligations, including software entitlement and support subscriptions and cloud-based SaaS offerings. Since revenue is recognized as performance obligations are delivered, sales with ongoing performance obligations may reflect lower revenue in a given period. In addition, other factors relating to our shift to selling more subscription term-based licenses have impacted our billings, revenue and cash flow. For example, our term-based licenses generally have an average term of approximately three years and thus result in lower billings and revenue in a given period when compared to our historical life-of-device license sales, which have a duration equal to the life of the associated appliance based on an estimate of approximately five years. In addition, starting in fiscal 2021, we began compensating our sales force based on ACV instead of total contract value, and the shift to an ACV-based sales compensation plan incentivizes sales representatives to maximize ACV and minimize discounts, which may further compress the average term of our subscription term-based licenses. Furthermore, our customers may decide to purchase our software solutions on shorter subscription terms than they have historically, and/or request to only pay for the initial year of a multi-year subscription term upfront, which could negatively impact our billings, revenue and cash flow in a given period when compared to historical life-of-device or multiple-year term-based license sales. 
 Revenue for our solutions, whether or not sold as a subscription term-based license, is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. For additional information on revenue recognition, see Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and Critical Accounting Estimates later in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section. 
 
 74 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Market Adoption of Our Products 
 The public cloud and, more recently, hybrid cloud paradigms, have changed IT buyer expectations about the simplicity, agility, scalability, portability and pay-as-you-grow economics of IT resources, which represent a major architectural shift and business model evolution. A key focus of our sales and marketing efforts is creating market awareness about the benefits of our enterprise cloud platform. This includes our newer products outside of our core hyperconverged infrastructure offering, both as compared to traditional datacenter architectures as well as the public cloud, particularly as we continue to pursue large enterprises and mission critical workloads. The broad nature of the technology shift that our enterprise cloud platform represents and the relationships our end customers have with existing IT vendors sometimes lead to unpredictable sales cycles. We hope to compress and stabilize these sales cycles as market adoption increases, as we gain leverage with our channel partners, as we continue to educate the market about our subscription-based business model and as our sales and marketing efforts evolve. Our business and operating results will be significantly affected by the degree to and speed with which organizations adopt our enterprise cloud platform. 
 Leveraging Partners 
 We plan to continue to leverage our relationships with our channel and OEM partners and expand our network of cloud and ecosystem partners, all of which help to drive the adoption and sale of our solutions with our end customers. We sell our solutions primarily through our partners, and our solutions primarily run on hardware appliances which are purchased from our channel or OEM partners. We believe that increasing channel leverage, particularly as we expand our focus on opportunities in commercial accounts, by investing in sales enablement and co-marketing with our channel and OEM partners in the long term will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of end customers. Our reliance on manufacturers, including our channel and OEM partners, to produce the hardware appliances on which our software runs exposes us to supply chain delays, which impair our ability to provide services to end customers in a timely manner. Our business and results of operations will be significantly affected by our success in leveraging our relationships with our channel and OEM partners and expanding our network of cloud and ecosystem partners. 
 Customer Retention and Expansion 
 Our end customers typically deploy our technology for a specific workload initially. After a new end customer's initial order, which includes the product and associated software entitlement and support subscription and services, we focus on expanding our footprint by serving more workloads. We also generate recurring revenue from our software entitlement and support subscription renewals, and given our transition to a subscription-focused business model, software and support renewals will have an increasing significance for our future revenue streams as existing subscriptions come up for renewal. We view continued purchases and upgrades as critical drivers of our success, as the sales cycles are typically shorter as compared to new end customer deployments, and selling efforts are typically less. As of July 31, 2023, approximately 74 of our end customers who have been with us for 18 months or longer have made a repeat purchase, which is defined as any purchase activity, including renewals of term-based licenses or software entitlement and support subscription renewals, after the initial purchase. Additionally, end customers who have been with us for 18 months or longer have total lifetime orders, including the initial order, in an amount that is more than 7.8x greater, on average, than their initial order. This number increases to approximately 25.8x, on average, for Global 2000 end customers who have been with us for 18 months or longer as of July 31, 2023. These multiples exclude the effect of one end customer who had a very large and irregular purchase pattern that we believe is not representative of the purchase patterns of all of our other end customers. 
 
 75 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Our business and operating results will depend on our ability to retain and sell additional solutions to our existing and future base of end customers. Our ability to obtain new and retain existing customers will in turn depend in part on a number of factors. These factors include our ability to effectively maintain existing and future customer relationships, continue to innovate by adding new functionality and improving usability of our solutions in a manner that addresses our end customers needs and requirements, and optimally price our solutions in light of marketplace conditions, competition, our costs and customer demand. Furthermore, our transition to a subscription-based business model and product transitions may cause concerns among our customer base, including concerns regarding changes to pricing over time, and may also result in confusion among new and existing end customers, for example, regarding our pricing models. Such concerns and/or confusion can slow adoption and renewal rates among our current and future customer base. 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 We generate revenue primarily from the sale of our enterprise cloud platform, which can be deployed on a variety of qualified hardware platforms or, in the case of our cloud-based SaaS offerings, via hosted service or delivered pre-installed on an appliance that is configured to order. Non-portable software licenses are delivered or sold alongside configured-to-order appliances and can be used over the life of the associated appliance. 
 Our subscription term-based licenses are sold separately, or can be sold alongside configured-to-order appliances. Our subscription term-based licenses typically have a term of one to five years. Our cloud-based SaaS subscriptions have terms extending up to five years. 
 Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our channel partners, OEMs or, in limited cases, directly from Nutanix. Our enterprise cloud platform typically includes one or more years of support and entitlements, which provides customers with the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. Our platform is primarily sold through channel partners and OEMs. Revenue is recognized net of sales tax and withholding tax. 
 Product revenue Product revenue consists of software and hardware revenue. A majority of our product revenue is generated from the sale of our enterprise cloud operating system. We also sell renewals of previously purchased software licenses and SaaS offerings. Revenue from our software products is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer, which is typically upon shipment for sales including a hardware appliance, upon making the software available to the customer when not sold with an appliance or as services are performed with SaaS offerings. In transactions where the hardware appliance is purchased directly from Nutanix, we consider ourselves to be the principal in the transaction and we record revenue and costs of goods sold on a gross basis. We consider the amount allocated to hardware revenue to be equivalent to the cost of the hardware procured. Hardware revenue is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. 
 Support, entitlements and other services revenue We generate our support, entitlements and other services revenue primarily from software entitlement and support subscriptions, which include the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. The majority of our product sales are sold in conjunction with software entitlement and support subscriptions, with terms ranging from one to five years. Occasionally, we also sell professional services with our products. We recognize revenue from software entitlement and support contracts ratably over the contractual service period, which typically commences upon transfer of control of the corresponding products to the customer. We recognize revenue related to professional services as they are performed. 
 
 76 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of product revenue Cost of product revenue consists of costs paid to third-party OEM partners, hardware costs, personnel costs associated with our operations function, consisting of salaries, benefits, bonuses and stock-based compensation, cloud-based costs associated with our SaaS offerings, and allocated costs, consisting of certain facilities, depreciation and amortization, recruiting and information technology costs allocated based on headcount. 
 Cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue Cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue includes personnel and operating costs associated with our global customer support organization, as well as allocated costs. We expect our cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue to increase in absolute dollars as our support, entitlements and other services revenue increases. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our operating expenses consist of sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses. The largest component of our operating expenses is personnel costs. Personnel costs consist of wages, benefits, bonuses and, with respect to sales and marketing expenses, sales commissions. 
 Sales and marketing Sales and marketing expense consists primarily of personnel costs. Sales and marketing expense also includes sales commissions, costs for promotional activities and other marketing costs, travel costs and costs associated with demonstration units, including depreciation and allocated costs. Commissions are deferred and recognized as we recognize the associated revenue. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue, in the long term, to increase in absolute dollars as part of our long-term plans to invest in our growth. However, as part of our overall efforts to improve our operating cash flow performance, we have also proactively taken steps to increase our go-to-market productivity and over time, we intend to reduce our overall sales and marketing spend as a percentage of revenue. For example, in August 2022, we announced a plan to reduce our global headcount by approximately 4 , primarily in sales and marketing, as part of our efforts to drive toward profitable growth. In recent years, we have also seen higher-than-normal attrition among our sales representatives, and while we are actively recruiting additional sales representatives, it will take time to replace, train, and ramp them to full productivity. As a result, our sales and marketing expense will fluctuate, and may decline, in the near-term. 
 Research and development Research and development R D expense consists primarily of personnel costs, as well as other direct and allocated costs. We have devoted our product development efforts primarily to enhancing the functionality and expanding the capabilities of our solutions. R D costs are expensed as incurred, unless they meet the criteria for capitalization. We expect R D expense, in the long term, to increase in absolute dollars as part of our long-term plans to invest in our future products and services, including our newer subscription-based products, although R D expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue and, on an absolute basis, from quarter to quarter. 
 
 77 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 General and administrative General and administrative G A expense consists primarily of personnel costs, which include our executive, finance, human resources and legal organizations. G A expense also includes outside professional services, which consists primarily of legal, accounting and other consulting costs, as well as insurance and other costs associated with being a public company and allocated costs. We expect G A expense, in the long term, to increase in absolute dollars, particularly due to additional legal, accounting, insurance and other costs associated with our growth, although G A expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue and, on an absolute basis, from quarter to quarter. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net consists primarily of interest income and expense, which includes the amortization of the debt discount and debt issuance costs associated with our previously outstanding 0 convertible senior notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes ), our 2.50 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and our 0.25 convertible senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ), changes in the fair value of the derivative liability associated with the 2026 Notes, non-cash interest expense on the 2026 Notes, the amortization of the debt discount on the 2026 Notes, interest expense on the 2027 Notes, debt extinguishment costs, interest income related to our short-term investments, and foreign currency exchange gains or losses. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes for certain foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business and state income taxes in the United States. We have recorded a full valuation allowance related to our federal and state net operating losses and other net deferred tax assets and a partial valuation allowance related to certain foreign net operating losses due to the uncertainty of the ultimate realization of the future benefits of those assets. 
 
 78 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth our consolidated results of operations in dollars and as a percentage of total revenue for the fiscal years presented. The period-to-period comparison of results is not necessarily indicative of results for future periods. 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Revenue: 

Product 

705,804 

757,623 

912,114 

Support, entitlements and other services 

688,560 

823,173 

950,781 

Total revenue 

1,394,364 

1,580,796 

1,862,895 

Cost of revenue: 

Product (1)(2) 

55,287 

55,602 

51,107 

Support, entitlements and other services (1) 

236,619 

265,554 

281,080 

Total cost of revenue 

291,906 

321,156 

332,187 

Gross profit 

1,102,458 

1,259,640 

1,530,708 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing (1)(2) 

1,052,779 

979,075 

924,696 

Research and development (1) 

558,008 

572,999 

580,961 

General and administrative (1) 

153,782 

166,418 

232,201 

Total operating expenses 

1,764,569 

1,718,492 

1,737,858 

Loss from operations 

(662,111) 

(458,852) 

(207,150) 

Other expense, net 

(354,991) 

(320,830) 

(26,435) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(1,017,102) 

(779,682) 

(233,585) 

Provision for income taxes 

18,487 

19,264 

20,975 

Net loss 

(1,035,589) 

(798,946) 

(254,560) 

(1) Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows: 

Product cost of revenue 

6,023 

7,379 

7,966 

Support, entitlements and other services cost of revenue 

24,460 

30,846 

26,611 

Sales and marketing 

122,815 

104,592 

82,758 

Research and development 

150,856 

143,759 

139,073 

General and administrative 

54,391 

56,670 

55,337 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

358,545 

343,246 

311,745 

(2) Includes amortization of intangible assets as follows: 

Product cost of revenue 

14,776 

13,579 

9,870 

Sales and marketing 

2,604 

2,604 

827 

Total amortization of intangible assets 

17,380 

16,183 

10,697 

79 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(as a percentage of total revenue) 

Revenue: 

Product 

50.6 

47.9 

49.0 

Support, entitlements and other services 

49.4 

52.1 

51.0 

Total revenue 

100.0 

100.0 

100.0 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

3.9 

3.5 

2.7 

Support, entitlements and other services 

17.0 

16.8 

15.1 

Total cost of revenue 

20.9 

20.3 

17.8 

Gross profit 

79.1 

79.7 

82.2 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

75.5 

61.9 

49.6 

Research and development 

40.0 

36.2 

31.2 

General and administrative 

11.0 

10.5 

12.5 

Total operating expenses 

126.5 

108.6 

93.3 

Loss from operations 

(47.4) 

(28.9) 

(11.1) 

Other expense, net 

(25.5) 

(20.3) 

(1.4) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

(72.9) 

(49.2) 

(12.5) 

Provision for income taxes 

1.3 

1.2 

1.1 

Net loss 

(74.2) 

(50.4) 

(13.6) 

80 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 
 Revenue 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Product 

705,804 

757,623 

51,819 

7 

757,623 

912,114 

154,491 

20 

Support, entitlements and other services 

688,560 

823,173 

134,613 

20 

823,173 

950,781 

127,608 

16 

Total revenue 

1,394,364 

1,580,796 

186,432 

13 

1,580,796 

1,862,895 

282,099 

18 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

U.S. 

758,128 

887,141 

129,013 

17 

887,141 

1,039,294 

152,153 

17 

Europe, the Middle East and Africa 

320,837 

374,186 

53,349 

17 

374,186 

471,367 

97,181 

26 

Asia Pacific 

260,637 

274,373 

13,736 

5 

274,373 

309,138 

34,765 

13 

Other Americas 

54,762 

45,096 

(9,666) 

(18) 

45,096 

43,096 

(2,000) 

(4) 

Total revenue 

1,394,364 

1,580,796 

186,432 

13 

1,580,796 

1,862,895 

282,099 

18 

Product revenue increased year-over-year for both fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 due primarily to increases in software revenue resulting from growth in software renewals due to our transition to selling subscription term-based licenses and an increased adoption of our products, partially offset by the impact of the shorter average contract terms resulting from this transition. The total average contract term was approximately 3.4 years, 3.2 years and 3.0 years for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Total average contract term represents the dollar-weighted term across all subscription and life-of-device contracts billed during the period, using an assumed term of five years for licenses without a specified term, such as life-of-device licenses. 
 Support, entitlements and other services revenue increased year-over-year for both fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 in conjunction with the growth of our end customer base and the related software entitlement and support subscription contracts and renewals. 
 
 81 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Cost of product revenue 

55,287 

55,602 

315 

1 

55,602 

51,107 

(4,495) 

(8) 

Product gross margin 

92.2 

92.7 

92.7 

94.4 

Cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue 

236,619 

265,554 

28,935 

12 

265,554 

281,080 

15,526 

6 

Support, entitlements and other services gross margin 

65.6 

67.7 

67.7 

70.4 

Total gross margin 

79.1 

79.7 

79.7 

82.2 

Cost of product revenue 
 Cost of product revenue remained relatively flat year-over-year for fiscal 2022 due primarily to the fact that hardware revenue was also relatively flat. Cost of product revenue decreased year-over-year for fiscal 2023 due primarily to corresponding decreases in hardware revenue. Slight fluctuations in hardware revenue and cost of product revenue are anticipated, as we expect to continue selling small amounts of hardware for the foreseeable future. 
 Product gross margin increased by 0.5 percentage points, from 92.2 in fiscal 2021 to 92.7 in fiscal 2022, and by 1.7 percentage points, to 94.4 in fiscal 2023, due primarily to the higher mix of software revenue, as we continued to focus on more software-only transactions, which have a higher margin as compared to hardware sales. 
 Cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue 
 Cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue increased year-over-year for both fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 due primarily to higher personnel-related costs, resulting from growth in our global customer support organization. 
 Support, entitlements and other services gross margin increased by 2.1 percentage points, from 65.6 in fiscal 2021 to 67.7 in fiscal 2022, and by 2.7 percentage points to 70.4 in fiscal 2023, due primarily to support, entitlements and other services revenue growing at a higher rate than personnel-related costs. 
 
 82 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and marketing 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Sales and marketing 

1,052,779 

979,075 

(73,704) 

(7) 

979,075 

924,696 

(54,379) 

(6) 

Percent of total revenue 

75.5 

61.9 

61.9 

49.6 

Sales and marketing expense decreased year-over-year for fiscal 2022 due primarily to lower marketing costs resulting from decreased spending and increased efficiencies, as well as lower personnel-related costs, driven by the 2 decrease in sales and marketing headcount from July 31, 2021 to July 31, 2022. The overall decrease in sales and marketing expense was partially offset by severance and other termination benefit costs accrued in August 2022 related to the reduction in force announced in the first quarter of fiscal 2023, savings in the prior year period due to the company-wide furlough week during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and an increase in commissions expense as a result of the increase in revenue. 
 Sales and marketing expense decreased year-over-year for fiscal 2023 due primarily to lower personnel-related costs, driven by the 8 decrease in sales and marketing headcount from July 31, 2022 to July 31, 2023, as well as lower marketing costs. The overall decrease in sales and marketing expense was partially offset by higher travel and event-related costs, as meetings and events continue to transition from virtual to in-person. 
 Research and development 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Research and development 

558,008 

572,999 

14,991 

3 

572,999 

580,961 

7,962 

1 

Percent of total revenue 

40.0 

36.2 

36.2 

31.2 

Research and development expense increased year-over-year for both fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 due primarily to higher personnel-related costs resulting from growth in our R D headcount, which grew 13 from July 31, 2021 to July 31, 2022 and 6 from July 31, 2022 to July 31, 2023, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation expense resulting from terminations during the period and lower technical costs. 
 
 83 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 General and administrative 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

General and administrative 

153,782 

166,418 

12,636 

8 

166,418 

232,201 

65,783 

40 

Percent of total revenue 

11.0 

10.5 

10.5 

12.5 

General and administrative expense increased year-over-year for fiscal 2022 due primarily to an increase in personnel-related costs resulting from growth in our G A headcount, which grew 17 from July 31, 2021 to July 31, 2022. 
 General and administrative expense increased year-over-year for fiscal 2023 due primarily to charges of 71.0 million for the proposed settlement of the securities class actions, partially offset by 39.9 million for amounts recoverable under our applicable insurance policies, as well as costs incurred related to the recently completed Audit Committee investigation. The increase in G A expense was also due to an increase in personnel-related costs resulting from growth in our G A headcount, which grew 13 from July 31, 2022 to July 31, 2023. For additional information regarding the securities class actions, refer to Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Other Expense, Net 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Interest income, net 

4,067 

4,765 

(698) 

(17) 

4,765 

38,427 

(33,662) 

(706) 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

(269,265) 

(198,038) 

(71,227) 

(26) 

(198,038) 

(198,038) 

(100) 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs and interest expense 

(79,932) 

(60,734) 

(19,198) 

(24) 

(60,734) 

(64,113) 

3,379 

6 

Debt extinguishment costs 

(64,911) 

64,911 

100 

(64,911) 

(64,911) 

(100) 

Other 

(9,861) 

(1,912) 

(7,949) 

(81) 

(1,912) 

(749) 

(1,163) 

(61) 

Other expense, net 

(354,991) 

(320,830) 

(34,161) 

(10) 

(320,830) 

(26,435) 

(294,395) 

(92) 

The decrease in other expense, net for fiscal 2022 was due primarily to the change in the fair value of the derivative liability related to the 2026 Notes, which was reclassified to equity during the first quarter of fiscal 2022, partially offset by the debt extinguishment costs resulting from the exchange of 416.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes for 477.3 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes. 
 The decrease in other expense, net for fiscal 2023 was due primarily to the fair value of the derivative liability related to the 2026 Notes, which was reclassified to equity during the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the debt extinguishment costs resulting from the exchange of 416.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes for 477.3 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes, the 11.0 million gain on our divestiture of Frame Desktop-as-a-Service Frame ), and an increase in interest income on our investments. 
 
 84 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

Change 

2021 

2022 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except percentages) 

Provision for income taxes 

18,487 

19,264 

777 

4 

19,264 

20,975 

1,711 

9 

The year-over-year increase in the provision for income taxes in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 was due primarily to higher foreign taxes as a result of higher taxable earnings in foreign jurisdictions, as we continued to grow our business internationally. We continue to maintain a full valuation allowance on our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets and a partial valuation allowance related to certain foreign net operating losses. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities and net accounts receivable. As of July 31, 2023, we had 512.9 million of cash and cash equivalents, 2.8 million of restricted cash and 924.5 million of short-term investments, which were held for general corporate purposes. Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments primarily consist of bank deposits, money market accounts and highly rated debt instruments of the U.S. government and its agencies and debt instruments of highly rated corporations. As of July 31, 2023, we had accounts receivable of 157.3 million, net of allowances of 0.7 million. 
 In January 2018, we issued convertible senior notes with a 0 interest rate for an aggregate principal amount of 575.0 million. In September 2021, we entered into privately negotiated exchange and note repurchase transactions, after which 145.7 million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes remained outstanding. In January 2023, we settled the 2023 Notes in full at maturity with a cash payment of 145.7 million. For additional information, see Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In September 2020, we issued 750.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.50 convertible senior notes due 2026 to BCPE Nucleon (DE) SPV, LP, an entity affiliated with Bain Capital, LP. For additional information, see Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 In September 2021, we issued convertible senior notes with a 0.25 interest rate for an aggregate principal amount of 575.0 million due 2027, of which 477.3 million in principal amount was issued in exchange for approximately 416.5 million principal amount of the 2023 Notes and the remaining 97.7 million in principal amount was issued for cash. There are no required principal payments on the 2027 Notes prior to their maturity. For additional information, see Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 85 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Due to investments in our business as well as the potential cash flow impacts resulting from our transition to a subscription-based business model, our operating and free cash flow may continue to fluctuate during the next 12 months. Notwithstanding that fact, we believe that our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital, including share repurchases, and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings, the continuing market acceptance of our products, our end customers and partners, and the economy, and the timing of and extent to which our customers transition to shorter-term contracts or request to only pay for the initial term of multi-year contracts as a result of our transition to a subscription-based business model. 
 Capital Return 
 In August 2023, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 350.0 million of our Class A common stock. Repurchases will be funded from available working capital and may be made at management s discretion from time to time. The authorization has no fixed expiration date and does not obligate us to repurchase any specified number or dollar value of shares. The program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. For more information on the share repurchase program, refer to Note 15 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

(99,810) 

67,543 

272,403 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(597,153) 

(54,189) 

(49,785) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

663,845 

103,635 

(112,709) 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

(33,118) 

116,989 

109,909 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 99.8 million for fiscal 2021 and net cash provided by operating activities was 67.5 million and 272.4 million for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023, respectively, representing improvements of 167.4 million and 204.9 million, respectively, as compared to the respective prior year periods. The increases in cash generated from operating activities for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2023 were due primarily to decreases in our net loss from operations. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 597.2 million for fiscal 2021 consisted of 1.4 billion of short-term investment purchases and 58.6 million of purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by 784.2 million of maturities of short-term investments and 70.1 million of sales of short-term investments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 54.2 million for fiscal 2022 consisted of 1.1 billion of short-term investment purchases and 49.1 million of purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by 1.1 billion of maturities of short-term investments and 18.0 million of sales of short-term investments. 
 
 86 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 49.8 million for fiscal 2023 consisted of 955.3 million of short-term investment purchases and 65.4 million of purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by 965.0 million of maturities of short-term investments and 5.9 million in proceeds from the Frame divestiture. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 663.8 million for fiscal 2021 consisted of 723.6 million of proceeds from the is issuance of the 2026 Notes, net of issuance costs, and 65.8 million of proceeds from the sale of shares through employee equity incentive plans, partially offset by 125.1 million of repurchases of our Class A common stock and 0.5 million of payments for finance leases. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 103.6 million for fiscal 2022 consisted of 88.7 million of proceeds from the issuance of the 2027 Notes in the subscription transactions that closed in September 2021, net of issuance costs, 67.8 million of proceeds from the sale of shares through employee equity incentive plans, and 39.9 million of proceeds from the termination of portions of the convertible note hedge transactions previously entered into in connection with the 2023 Notes, partially offset by 58.6 million of repurchases of our Class A common stock, 18.4 million of payments for the termination of portions of the warrant transactions previously entered into in connection with the 2023 Notes, and 14.7 million of debt extinguishment costs. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 112.7 million for fiscal 2023 consisted of 145.7 million used to repay the 2023 Notes at maturity, 10.2 million of taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards, and 3.3 million of payments for finance lease obligations, partially offset by 46.5 million of proceeds from the sale of shares through employee equity incentive plans. 
 
 87 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 M aterial Cash Requirements and Other Obligations 
 The following table summarizes our material cash requirements and other obligations as of July 31, 2023: 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 

Less than 1 Year 

1 Year to 3 Years 

3 to 5 Years 

More than 5 Years 

(in thousands) 

Principal amount payable on convertible senior notes (1) 

1,372,569 

1,372,569 

Interest on convertible senior notes (1) 

8,292 

759 

7,533 

Operating leases (undiscounted basis) (2) 

119,900 

33,830 

32,601 

28,420 

25,049 

Other commitments (3) 

99,992 

88,178 

8,995 

2,819 

Guarantees with contract manufacturers 

45,288 

45,288 

Total 

1,646,041 

168,055 

41,596 

1,411,341 

25,049 

(1) Includes accrued paid-in-kind interest on the 2026 Notes and accrued interest on the 2027 Notes. For additional information regarding our convertible senior notes, refer to Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) For additional information regarding our operating leases, refer to Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3) Purchase obligations and other commitments pertaining to our daily business operations. 

From time to time, in the normal course of business, we make commitments with our contract manufacturers to ensure them a minimum level of financial consideration for their investment in our joint solutions. These commitments are based on revenue targets or on-hand inventory and non-cancelable purchase orders for non-standard components. We record a charge related to these items when we determine that it is probable a loss will be incurred and we are able to estimate the amount of the loss. Our historical charges have not been material. 
 As of July 31, 2023, we had accrued liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, which are reflected on our consolidated balance sheet. These accrued liabilities are not reflected in the contractual obligations disclosed in the table above, as it is uncertain if or when such amounts will ultimately be settled. Uncertain tax positions are further discussed in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the applicable periods. We evaluate our estimates, assumptions and judgments on an ongoing basis. Our estimates, assumptions and judgments are based on historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Different assumptions and judgments would change the estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, which, in turn, could change the results from those reported. 
 The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. 
 
 88 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Some of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price SSP basis. For deliverables that we routinely sell separately, such as software entitlement and support subscriptions on our core offerings, we determine SSP by evaluating the standalone sales over the trailing 12 months. For those that are not sold routinely, we determine SSP based on our overall pricing trends and objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the products sold and geographic locations. 
 If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative SSP. We determine SSP based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the SSP is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the SSP, taking into account available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. Refer to Note 1 and Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on revenue recognition. 
 Income Taxes 
 The objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity s financial statements or tax returns. We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. We recognize uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not to be sustained based solely on its technical merits as of the reporting date. We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. Judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. Variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We measure and recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards, including stock options and purchase rights issued to employees under our 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2016 ESPP ), based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the grant date. We use the Black-Scholes-Merton Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of stock options and 2016 ESPP purchase rights. The fair value of restricted stock units RSUs is measured using the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant. The fair value of stock options and RSUs is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period, which is generally four years. For stock-based awards granted to employees with a performance condition, we recognize stock-based compensation expense using the graded vesting attribution method over the requisite service period when management determines it is probable that the performance condition will be satisfied. The fair value of the 2016 ESPP purchase rights is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the offering period. We account for forfeitures of all share-based awards when they occur. 
 
 89 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (Continued) 
 
 Our use of the Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying common stock, expected term of the option, expected volatility of the price of our common stock, risk-free interest rates and the expected dividend yield of our common stock. The assumptions used in our option pricing model represent management s best estimates. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. If factors change and different assumptions are used, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 
 Legal and Other Contingencies 
 The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In determining whether a loss should be accrued, we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. Changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 90 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally and we are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our consolidated results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Historically, our revenue contracts have been denominated in U.S. dollars. Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies where our operations are located. To date, we have not entered into any hedging arrangements with respect to foreign currency risk or other derivative instruments. In the event our foreign sales and expenses increase, our operating results may be more significantly affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which can affect our operating income or loss. The effect of a hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates on our non-U.S. dollar monetary assets and liabilities would not have had a material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses and exchange rate fluctuations have not been material to our consolidated financial statements. 
 A hypothetical 10 decrease in the U.S. dollar against other currencies would result in an increase in our operating loss of approximately 51.3 million, 58.5 million and 60.8 million for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. The increase in this hypothetical change in fiscal 2023 is due to an increase in our expenses denominated in foreign currencies due to the continued growth of our business internationally. This analysis disregards the possibilities that rates can move in opposite directions and that losses from one geographic area may be offset by gains from another geographic area. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our investment objective is to conserve capital and maintain liquidity to support our operations; therefore, we generally invest in highly liquid securities, consisting primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, commercial paper, U.S. government securities and corporate bonds. Such fixed and floating interest-earning instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair market value of fixed income securities may be adversely impacted by a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Due to the short-term nature of our investment portfolio, we do not believe an immediate 10 increase or decrease in interest rates would have a material effect on the fair market value of our portfolio. Therefore, we do not expect our operating results or cash flows to be materially affected by a sudden change in interest rates. 

91 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 93 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 96 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 97 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 98 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 99 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 100 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 101 

Note 1: Overview and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 101 

Note 2: Correction to Prior Period Financial Statements 
 111 

Note 3: Revenue, Deferred Revenue and Deferred Commissions 
 113 

Note 4: Fair Value Measurements 
 115 

Note 5: Balance Sheet Components 
 117 

Note 6: Convertible Senior Notes 
 121 

Note 7: Leases 
 125 

Note 8 : Commitments and Contingencies 
 127 

Note 9 : Stockholders' Equity 
 130 

Note 10 : Equity Incentive Plans 
 131 

Note 11: Restructuring Charges 
 134 

Note 12: Net Loss Per Share 
 135 

Note 1 3: Income Taxes 
 136 

Note 1 4: Segment Information 
 139 

Note 15: Subsequent Event 
 139 

92 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Nutanix, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Nutanix, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' deficit, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated September 21, 2023, expressed an adverse opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 93 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Revenue Recognition Refer to Notes 1 and 3 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. The Company offers customers an enterprise cloud platform, which can be pre-installed on hardware or delivered separately, as well as related support subscriptions and professional services. Product revenue was 912.1 million and support, entitlements, and other services was 950.8 million for the year ended July 31, 2023. 
 Significant judgment is exercised by the Company in determining revenue recognition for the Company s customer contracts, and includes the following: 
 Determination of whether promised goods or services are capable of being distinct and are distinct in the context of the Company s customer contracts which leads to whether they should be accounted for as individual or combined performance obligations. 

Determination of standalone selling prices for each distinct performance obligation and for products and services that are not sold separately. 

Determination of the timing of when revenue is recognized for each distinct performance obligation either over time or at a point in time. 

We identified revenue recognition as a critical audit matter because of these significant judgments required by management. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether revenue was recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition for the Company s customer contracts included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls related to the identification of distinct performance obligations, determination of the standalone selling prices, and the determination of the timing of revenue recognition. 

We evaluated management s significant accounting policies related to revenue recognition for reasonableness. 

We selected a sample of recorded revenue transactions and performed the following procedures: 

Obtaining and reading customer source documents and the contract for each selection, including master agreements and related amendments to evaluate if relevant contractual terms have been appropriately considered by management. 

Evaluating management s application of their accounting policy and tested revenue recognition for specific performance obligations by comparing management s conclusions to the underlying contract, master agreement and any related amendments, if applicable. 

Testing the mathematical accuracy of management s calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the financial statements. 

94 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s estimate of standalone selling prices for products and services that are not sold separately by performing the following: 

Assessing the appropriateness of the Company s methodology and mathematical accuracy of the determined standalone selling prices. 

Testing the completeness and accuracy of the source data utilized in management s calculations. 

/s/ 

September 21, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 95 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATE D BALANCE SHEETS 

As of 

July 31, 2022 

July 31, 2023 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 

Deferred commissions current 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred commissions non-current 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets non-current 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue current 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Convertible senior notes, net current 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred revenue non-current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Convertible senior notes, net 

Other liabilities non-current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value of per share shares authorized as of July 31, 2022 and 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2022 and 2023 

Common stock, par value of per share Class A, Class B) and Class A shares authorized as of July 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively; and Class A shares issued and outstanding as of July 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 96 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF OPERATIONS 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands, except per share data) 

Revenue: 

Product 

Support, entitlements and other services 

Total revenue 

Cost of revenue: 

Product 

Support, entitlements and other services 

Total cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Other expense, net 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted (1) 

() 

() 

() 

Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted (1) 

(1) 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

97 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEME NTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: 

Change in unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities, net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

98 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATE MENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 2023 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Income (Loss) 

Deficit 

Deficit 

(in thousands) 

Balance - July 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock through employee equity incentive plans 

Issuance of common stock from ESPP purchase 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance - July 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Adoption of ASU 2020-06 

() 

() 

2026 Notes derivative liability reclassification 

Issuance of common stock through employee equity incentive plans 

Issuance of common stock from ESPP purchase 

Repurchase and retirement of common stock 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Unwinding of 2023 Notes hedges 

Unwinding of 2023 Notes warrants 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance - July 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock through employee equity incentive plans 

Issuance of common stock from ESPP purchase 

Shares withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Other comprehensive income 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance - July 31, 2023 

() 

() 

() 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 99 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs 

Operating lease cost, net of accretion 

Early exit of lease-related assets 

() 

Gain on Frame divestiture 

() 

Non-cash interest expense 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

() 

Deferred commissions 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued compensation and benefits 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Operating leases, net 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Maturities of investments 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Sales of investments 

Proceeds from Frame divestiture 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of convertible notes 

() 

Payments of debt extinguishment costs 

() 

Proceeds from unwinding of convertible note hedges 

Payments for unwinding of warrants 

() 

Proceeds from sales of shares through employee equity incentive plans 

Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards 

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of convertible notes, net of issuance costs 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 

() 

Payment of finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period 

Restricted cash (1) 

Cash and cash equivalents end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing information: 

Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

(1) 

See the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 100 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 convertible senior notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes and contingencies and litigation. Management evaluates these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis using historical experience and other factors and makes adjustments when facts and circumstances dictate. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could materially differ from those estimates and assumptions. 
 of total revenue or accounts receivable. 

Partner B 

Partner C 
 
 (1) 

(1) 

(1) 

(1) 

Partner D 

(1) 

(1) 

(1) Less than 10 

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 convertible senior notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes was determined based on the closing trading price per of the 2023 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. The fair value of the convertible senior notes due 2026 is determined based on a binomial model. The fair value of the convertible senior notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes is determined based on the closing trading price per of the 2027 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. 

The allowance for credit losses is based on the best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in existing accounts receivable. We assess credit losses on accounts receivable by taking into consideration past collection experience, the credit quality of the customer, the age of the receivable balance, current and future economic conditions, and forecasts that may affect the collectibility of the reported amount. In circumstances where we are aware of a specific customer s inability to meet its financial obligations (e.g., bankruptcy filings or substantial downgrading of credit ratings), we record an allowance for credit losses in order to reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount we reasonably believe will be collected. For all other customers, we record an allowance for credit losses based on the length of time the receivable is past due and our historical experience of collections and write-offs. 

Charged to allowance for credit losses 

Recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Write-offs 

() 

() 

Allowance for credit losses ending balance 

Right-of-use assets ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist primarily of fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease incentives, such as rent holidays. Variable lease payments not dependent on an index or a rate are expensed as incurred and are not included within the ROU asset and lease liability calculation. Variable lease payments primarily include reimbursements of costs incurred by lessors for common area maintenance, property taxes and utilities. We use an estimate of our incremental borrowing rate IBR based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments, unless the implicit rate is readily determinable. In determining the appropriate IBR, we consider information including, but not limited to, our credit rating, the lease term and the currency in which the arrangement is denominated. For leases which commenced prior to our adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases ASC 842 ), we used the IBR as of August 1, 2019. Our lease terms may include renewal options, which are not included in the lease terms for calculating our lease liability, as we are not reasonably certain that we will exercise these renewal options at the time of the lease commencement. Lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis as operating expenses within our consolidated statements of operations. We present lease payments within cash flows from operations within our consolidated statements of cash flows. For our operating leases, we account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Additionally, we do not record leases on our consolidated balance sheet that have a lease term of 12 months or less at the lease commencement date. 
 Goodwill is tested for impairment by comparing the reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. We operate under one reporting unit and for our annual goodwill impairment test, we determine the fair value of our reporting unit based on our enterprise value. We may elect to utilize a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If, after assessing the qualitative factors, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment analysis will be performed. We compare the fair value of our reporting unit with its carrying amount and if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss will be recognized. Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and finite-lived intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Among the factors and circumstances we consider in determining recoverability are: (i) a significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset; (ii) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition; (iii) a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of a long-lived asset, including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; (iv) an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition; and (v) current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. 
 indicators of impairment of goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets and we did not record any material impairment losses during fiscal 2021, 2022 or 2023 . Identification of the performance obligations in the contract Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on their own or together with other resources that are readily available from third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract, whereby the transfer of the goods or services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract. To the extent a contract includes multiple promised goods or services, we apply judgment to determine whether promised goods or services are capable of being distinct and distinct in the context of the contract. If these criteria are not met, the promised goods or services are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

 Determination of the transaction price The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we will be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer. 

 Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract If the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on a relative standalone selling price SSP ). We determine SSP based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the SSP is not observable through past transactions, we estimate the SSP, taking into account available information such as market conditions and internally approved pricing guidelines related to the performance obligations. 

 Recognition of revenue when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied We satisfy performance obligations either over time or at a point in time. Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is satisfied with the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer. For additional details on revenue recognition, refer to Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 Contracts with multiple performance obligations The majority of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. For these contracts, we account for individual performance obligations separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the separate performance obligations on a relative SSP basis. For deliverables that we routinely sell separately, such as software entitlement and support subscriptions on our core offerings, we determine SSP by evaluating the standalone sales over the trailing 12 months. For those that are not sold routinely, we determine SSP based on our overall pricing trends and objectives, taking into consideration market conditions and other factors, including the value of our contracts, the products sold and geographic locations. Contract balances The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount, net of an allowance for credit losses. A receivable is recognized in the period in which we deliver goods or provide services, or when our right to consideration is unconditional. In situations where revenue recognition occurs before invoicing, an unbilled receivable is created, which represents a contract asset. The balance of unbilled accounts receivable, included in accounts receivable, net on our consolidated balance sheets, was million and million as of July 31, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Payment terms on invoiced amounts are typically 30-45 days. We assess credit losses on accounts receivable by taking into consideration past collection experience, the credit quality of the customer, the age of the receivable balance, current and future economic conditions, and forecasts that may affect the collectibility of the reported amount. The balance of accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses, as of July 31, 2022 and 2023 is presented in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Costs to obtain and fulfill a contract We capitalize commissions paid to sales personnel and the related payroll taxes when customer contracts are signed. These costs are recorded as deferred commissions in our consolidated balance sheets, current and non-current. We determine whether costs should be deferred based on our sales compensation plans if the commissions are incremental and would not have been incurred absent the execution of the customer contract. Commissions paid upon the initial acquisition of a contract are recognized over the estimated period of benefit, which may exceed the term of the initial contract if the commissions expected to be paid upon renewal are not commensurate with that of the initial contract. Accordingly, deferred costs are recognized on a systematic basis that is consistent with the pattern of revenue recognition allocated to each performance obligation over the entire period of benefit and included in sales and marketing expense in our consolidated statements of operations. We determine the estimated period of benefit by evaluating the expected renewals of customer contracts, the duration of relationships with our customers, customer retention data, our technology development lifecycle and other factors. Deferred costs are periodically reviewed for impairment. Taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue transactions between us and our customers are presented on a net basis in our consolidated statements of operations. Deferred revenue Deferred revenue primarily consists of amounts that have been invoiced but not yet recognized as revenue and primarily pertain to software entitlement and support subscriptions and professional services. The current portion of deferred revenue represents the amounts that are expected to be recognized as revenue within one year of the consolidated balance sheet date. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue consists of cost of product revenue and cost of support, entitlements and other services revenue. Personnel costs associated with our operations and global customer support organizations consist of salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation. Allocated costs consist of certain facilities, depreciation and amortization, recruiting and information technology costs allocated based on headcount. 
 warranty on hardware sold by us and a warranty on software licenses. The hardware warranty provides for parts replacement for defective components and the software warranty provides for bug fixes. With respect to the hardware warranty obligation, we have a warranty agreement with our contract manufacturers under which the OEMs are generally required to replace defective hardware within of shipment. Furthermore, our post-contract customer support PCS agreements provide for the same parts replacement that customers are entitled to under the warranty program, except that replacement parts are delivered according to targeted response times to minimize disruption to the customers critical business applications. Substantially all customers purchase PCS agreements. Given the warranty agreement with our OEMs and considering that substantially all products are sold together with PCS agreements, we generally have very limited exposure related to warranty costs and therefore no warranty reserve has been recognized. 

million, million and million, respectively. To date, we have not undertaken any hedging transactions related to foreign currency exposure. 

million, million and million, respectively. 
 million cash, adjusted by increases for the closing cash balance of the Frame business and the amount by which the closing working capital exceeded the working capital target, and reductions for closing expenses, the amount by which the closing working capital target exceeds the working capital, and any severance expenses associated with Frame employees who were terminated at or following the close of the transaction at the direction of the buyer, and a million interest-bearing convertible note, which had a fair value of million as of the closing date of the transaction. The fair value of all consideration received exceeded the carrying amount of the Frame business upon closing, resulting in a gain of million, which is included within other expense, net in our consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 
 and have not changed any previously disclosed amounts or provided additional disclosures for the comparative periods. The adoption of this new guidance resulted in an increase in the carrying value of the 2023 Notes by approximately million to reflect the full principal amount of the convertible notes outstanding, net of issuance costs, a decrease in additional paid-in capital of approximately million to remove the equity component separately recorded for the conversion feature associated with the 2023 Notes, and a cumulative-effect adjustment of approximately million to the accumulated deficit beginning balance as of . The remaining debt issuance costs will continue to be amortized over the term of the 2023 Notes. The new standard had no impact on the 2026 Notes, as the embedded conversion feature on the 2026 Notes was initially accounted for as a derivative liability. In May 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-04, Issuer's Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options, which provides guidance on modifications or exchanges of a freestanding equity-classified written call option (such as warrants). An entity should treat a modification of the terms or conditions or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange as an exchange of the original instrument for a new instrument, and provides further guidance on measuring the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange. ASU 2021-04 also provides guidance on the recognition of the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity classified after modification or exchange on the basis of the substance of the transaction, in the same manner as if cash had been paid as consideration. The new standard is effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, with early adoption permitted, including interim periods within those fiscal years. We early adopted the new standard effective August 1, 2021 and the adoption did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

() 

Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

() 

Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

July 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

July 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

Total Stockholders' Deficit as of: 

July 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

July 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

July 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

. Configured-to-order appliances, including our Nutanix-branded NX hardware line, can be purchased from one of our OEMs or, in limited cases, directly from Nutanix. Our enterprise cloud platform typically includes one or more years of support and entitlements, which provides customers with the right to software upgrades and enhancements as well as technical support. A substantial portion of sales are made through channel partners and OEM relationships. 

Non-portable software 

Hardware 

Professional services 

Total revenue 

Subscription revenue Subscription revenue includes any performance obligation which has a defined term and is generated from the sales of software entitlement and support subscriptions, subscription software licenses and cloud-based software-as-a-service SaaS offerings. Ratable We recognize revenue from software entitlement and support subscriptions and SaaS offerings ratably over the contractual service period, the substantial majority of which relate to software entitlement and support subscriptions. These offerings represented approximately million, million and million of our subscription revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 

 Upfront Revenue from our subscription software licenses is generally recognized upfront upon transfer of control to the customer, which happens when we make the software available to the customer. These subscription software licenses represented approximately million, million and million of our subscription revenue for fiscal 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. 

 Non-portable software revenue Non-portable software revenue includes sales of our enterprise cloud platform when delivered on a configured-to-order appliance by us or one of our OEM partners. The software licenses associated with these sales are typically non-portable and can be used over the life of the appliance on which the software is delivered. Revenue from our non-portable software products is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. Hardware revenue In transactions where the hardware appliance is purchased directly from Nutanix, we consider ourselves to be the principal in the transaction and we record revenue and costs of goods sold on a gross basis. We consider the amount allocated to hardware revenue to be equivalent to the cost of the hardware procured. Hardware revenue is generally recognized upon transfer of control to the customer. Professional services revenue We also sell professional services with our products. We recognize revenue related to professional services as they are performed. Significant changes in the balance of deferred revenue (contract liability) and deferred commissions (contract asset) for the periods presented are as follows: 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred Commissions 

(in thousands) 

Balance as of July 31, 2021 

1,312,923 

343,420 

Additions (1) 

1,713,411 

229,524 

Revenue/commissions recognized 

(1,580,796) 

(205,354) 

Balance as of July 31, 2022 

1,445,538 

367,590 

Additions (1) 

2,012,389 

187,381 

Revenue/commissions recognized 

(1,862,895) 

(196,980) 

Balance as of July 31, 2023 

1,595,032 

357,991 

(1) Includes both billed and unbilled amounts. 

 During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022 , we recognized revenue of approximately million pertaining to amounts deferred as of July 31, 2021. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 , we recognized revenue of approximately million pertaining to amounts deferred as of July 31, 2022. Many of our contracted but not invoiced performance obligations are subject to cancellation terms. Revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized contracted not recognized ), which includes deferred revenue and non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods and excludes performance obligations that are subject to cancellation terms. Contracted not recognized revenue was approximately billion as of July 31, 2023 , of which we expect to recognize approximately over the next 12 months, and the remainder thereafter. 

 million interest-bearing convertible note. We have elected the fair value option for the convertible note and will record the changes in its fair value at each reporting period. As of July 31, 2023 , the fair value of the convertible note was determined to be approximately million. We consider this convertible note to be classified within Level III. The fair value is determined by considering the convertible note s principal and accrued interest, as well as the convertible note s option to convert into equity securities, using inputs including debt yields, volatility data, and the value of the underlying equity into which the convertible note could be converted. 

Commercial paper 

Short-term investments: 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

U.S. Government securities 

Total measured at fair value 

Cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

As of July 31, 2023 

Level I 

Level II 

Level III 

Total 

(in thousands) 

Financial Assets, Current: 

Cash equivalents: 

Money market funds 

U.S. Government securities 

Commercial paper 

Short-term investments: 

Corporate bonds 

Commercial paper 

U.S. Government securities 

Total measured at fair value 

Cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments 

Financial Assets, Non-Current: 

Convertible note receivable 

Financial Instruments Not Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis We report our financial instruments at fair value, with the exception of the 2023 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes (collectively, the Notes ). Financial instruments that are not recorded at fair value on a recurring basis are measured at fair value on a quarterly basis for disclosure purposes. 

2026 Notes 

2027 Notes 

Total 

The carrying value of the 2023 Notes as of July 31, 2022 was net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million. In January 2023, we settled the 2023 Notes in full at maturity with a cash payment of million. The carrying value of the 2026 Notes as of July 31, 2022 and 2023 included million and million, respectively, of non-cash interest expense that was converted to the principal balance, net of unamortized debt discounts of million and million, respectively, and unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. The carrying value of the 2027 Notes as of July 31, 2022 and 2023 was net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million, respectively. The total estimated fair value of the 2023 Notes was determined based on the closing trading price per of the 2023 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. We considered the fair value of the 2023 Notes to be a Level II valuation due to the limited trading activity. The total estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes is based on a binomial model. We consider the fair value of the 2026 Notes to be a Level III valuation, as the 2026 Notes are not publicly traded. The Level III inputs used are the same as those used to determine the estimated fair value of the associated derivative liability, as detailed below. The total estimated fair value of the 2027 Notes was determined based on the closing trading price per of the 2027 Notes as of the last day of trading for the period. We consider the fair value of the 2027 Notes to be a Level II valuation due to the limited trading activity. Derivative Liability The conversion feature of the 2026 Notes represented an embedded derivative at inception. The 2026 Notes are not considered to be conventional debt and we determined that the embedded conversion feature was required to be bifurcated from the host debt and accounted for as a derivative liability, as the 2026 Notes were convertible into a variable number of shares until the conversion price became fixed in September 2021, based on the level of achievement of the associated financial performance metric. As such, the initial fair value of the derivative instrument was recorded as a liability in our consolidated balance sheet with the corresponding amount recorded as a discount to the 2026 Notes upon issuance. The derivative liability was considered a Level III valuation and was recorded at its estimated fair value at the end of each reporting period and as of September 15, 2021, when the conversion price became fixed, with the change in fair value recognized within other expense, net in our consolidated statements of operations. On September 15, 2021, the conversion price of the 2026 Notes became fixed and the bifurcated liability was no longer accounted for as a separate derivative because the conversion features are now considered indexed to our own equity and meet the equity classification conditions. We estimated the fair value of the derivative liability as of September 15, 2021 to be million, which was reclassified to equity on that date. 

Due in one to two years 

Total 

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets 

VAT receivables 

Other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

The increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets from July 31, 2022 to July 31, 2023 was due primarily to the insurance receivable and settlement payment made to escrow related to our securities class action lawsuit. For additional details on this legal proceeding, refer to Note 8. Property and Equipment, Net 

Demonstration units 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 (1) 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total property and equipment, net 

(1) 

Depreciation expense related to our property and equipment was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Intangible Assets, Net 

Customer relationships 

Trade name 

Total intangible assets, gross 

Less: 

Accumulated amortization of developed technology 

() 

() 

Accumulated amortization of customer relationships 

() 

() 

Accumulated amortization of trade name 

() 

() 

Total accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Total intangible assets, net 

Amortization expense related to our intangible assets is being recognized in our consolidated statements of operations within product cost of revenue for developed technology and sales and marketing expense for customer relationships and trade name. The changes in the net book value of intangible assets, net are as follows: 

As of July 31, 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Intangible assets, net beginning balance 

Amortization of intangible assets (1) 

() 

() 

Divestiture of Frame intangible assets 

() 

Intangible assets, net ending balance 

(1) 

2025 

Total 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Adjustment for Frame divestiture 
 
 () 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

Accrued vacation 

Payroll taxes payable 

Accrued bonus 

Accrued benefits 

Accrued wages and taxes 

Contributions to ESPP withheld 

Other 

Total accrued compensation and benefits 

Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities consists of the following: 

As of July 31, 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

Litigation settlement reserves 

Software usage liability 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued professional services 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

The increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities from July 31, 2022 to July 31, 2023 was due primarily to an increase in the litigation settlement reserve related to our securities class action lawsuit. For additional details on this legal proceeding, refer to Note 8. 

interest rate for an aggregate principal amount of million, due in 2023, in a private placement to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule144A under the Securities Act. On September 22, 2021, we consummated privately negotiated exchanges with certain holders of the outstanding 2023 Notes, pursuant to which such holders exchanged approximately million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes for million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes. We also entered into privately negotiated transactions with certain holders of the 2023 Notes pursuant to which we repurchased approximately million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes for cash. Following the closing of these exchanges and repurchases, approximately million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes remained outstanding with terms unchanged. In January 2023, we settled the 2023 Notes in full at maturity with a cash payment of million. 

Unamortized debt issuance costs (1) 

() 

Repayment of convertible senior notes 

() 

Net carrying amount 

(1) . 

Interest expense related to amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

Note Hedges and Warrants Concurrently with the offering of the 2023 Notes in January 2018, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain bank counterparties, whereby we have the initial option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of our Class A common stock at a conversion price of approximately per share, subject to adjustment for certain specified events. The total cost of the convertible note hedge transactions was approximately million. In addition, we sold warrants to certain bank counterparties, whereby the holders of the warrants have the initial option to purchase a total of approximately million shares of our Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment for certain specified events. We received approximately million in cash proceeds from the sale of these warrants. In September 2021, in connection with the exchange and repurchase transactions described above, we terminated portions of the convertible note hedge transactions and warrant transactions previously entered into with certain financial institutions in connection with the issuance of the 2023 Notes. The net effect of these unwind transactions was a million cash payment received, consisting of an million payment for the warrant unwind and the receipt of million from the hedge unwind. The amounts paid and received as part of the unwind transactions were recorded to additional paid-in capital within the consolidated balance sheet. In January 2023, the convertible note hedges and warrant transactions expired concurrently with the expiration of the 2023 Notes. No settlement is required as the stock has remained below the strike price throughout the unwind settlement averaging period. 2026 Notes In September 2020, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes to BCPE Nucleon (DE) SPV, LP, an entity affiliated with Bain Capital, LP Bain ). The total net proceeds from this offering were approximately million, after deducting million of debt issuance costs. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, with such interest to be paid in kind PIK on the 2026 Notes held by Bain through an increase in the principal amount of the 2026 Notes, and paid in cash on any 2026 Notes transferred to entities that are not affiliated with Bain. Interest on the 2026 Notes has accrued from the date of issuance, September 24, 2020, and is added to the principal amount, in the case of the 2026 Notes held by Bain, or paid in cash, in the case of the 2026 Notes held by entities that are not affiliated with Bain, as applicable, on a semi-annual basis (on March 15 and September 15 of each year). The 2026 Notes mature on September 15, 2026, subject to earlier conversion, redemption or repurchase. The 2026 Notes are convertible at an initial conversion rate of shares of Class A common stock per principal amount of the 2026 Notes, which is equal to an initial conversion price of per share, subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments, including in connection with any make-whole adjustments as a result of certain extraordinary transactions. In September 2021, the one-year anniversary of the issuance of the 2026 Notes, the conversion price was subject to a one-time adjustment, based on the level of achievement of certain financial milestones and as a result, the conversion price became fixed at per share. For each principal amount of 2026 Notes a holder elects to convert, we have initially elected to pay cash with respect to the first of conversion value and deliver shares of Class A common stock with respect to any conversion value in excess of . Pursuant to the indenture governing the 2026 Notes, we may elect to change such default settlement method with respect to any conversion of 2026 Notes held by Bain by delivering written notice to Bain at least five trading days prior to the effective time of such settlement election. Additionally, if Bain elects to convert any 2026 Notes it holds upon our delivery of a notice of redemption, Bain will have the right to elect whether such conversion is settled in cash, shares of our Class A common stock or a combination thereof. On or after September 15, 2025, the 2026 Notes will be redeemable by us, at our option, in the event that the closing sale price of our Class A common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the redemption notice, for cash, at a redemption price of of the principal amount of such 2026 Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. A holder who converts their 2026 Notes in connection with certain corporate events that constitute a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes) is, under certain circumstances, entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. In addition, if we undergo a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes) prior to the maturity date, holders of the 2026 Notes may require us to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their 2026 Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the repurchased 2026 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. In accordance with accounting guidance on embedded conversion features, we valued and bifurcated the conversion option associated with the 2026 Notes from the respective host debt instrument, which is treated as a debt discount, and initially recorded the conversion option of million as a derivative liability in our consolidated balance sheet, with the corresponding amount recorded as a discount to the 2026 Notes to be amortized over the term of the 2026 Notes using the effective interest method. 

Non-cash interest expense converted to principal 

Unamortized debt discount (conversion feature) (1) 

() 

() 

Unamortized debt issuance costs (1) 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount 

(1) . 

As of July 31, 2023, the remaining life of the 2026 Notes was approximately years . 

Interest expense related to amortization of debt issuance costs 

Non-cash interest expense 

Total interest expense 

Non-cash interest expense is related to the PIK interest that we accrued from the issuance of the 2026 Notes through July 31, 2023 and was recognized within other expense, net in our consolidated statement of operations and other liabilities non-current in our consolidated balance sheet. The accrued PIK interest will be converted to the principal balance of the 2026 Notes at each payment date and will be convertible to shares of our Class A common stock at maturity or when converted. Upon the conversion price of the 2026 Notes becoming fixed, subject to customary anti-dilution and other adjustments, in September 2021, the embedded conversion option for the 2026 Notes no longer required bifurcation because the conversion features are now considered indexed to our own equity and meet the equity classification conditions. The carrying amount of the derivative liability of million as of that date was reclassified to additional paid-in capital within our consolidated balance sheet. The remaining debt discount that arose from the original bifurcation continues to be amortized over the term of the 2026 Notes. 2027 Notes In September 2021, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of convertible senior notes due 2027 consisting of (i) approximately million principal amount of 2027 Notes in exchange for approximately million principal amount of the 2023 Notes (the Exchange Transactions and (ii) approximately million principal amount of 2027 Notes for cash (the Subscription Transactions ). We did not receive any cash proceeds from the Exchange Transactions. The net cash proceeds from the Subscription Transactions was approximately million after deducting the offering expenses for both the Exchange Transactions and the Subscription Transactions. We used (i) approximately million of the net cash proceeds from the Subscription Transactions to repurchase approximately million principal amount of the 2023 Notes and (ii) approximately million of the net cash proceeds from the Subscription Transactions to repurchase approximately million shares of our Class A common stock. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, and pay interest semi-annually in arrears on each April 1 and October 1. The 2027 Notes will mature on October 1, 2027, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The 2027 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our Class A common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of Class A common stock, at our election. Each of principal of the 2027 Notes is initially convertible into shares of our Class A common stock, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Holders of these 2027 Notes may convert their 2027 Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of the business day immediately preceding July 1, 2027, only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter, and only during such fiscal quarter, if the closing price of our common stock for at least trading days in a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the then applicable conversion price for the Notes per share of common stock; 

 (2) during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period in which, for each trading day of that period, the trading price per principal amount of 2027 Notes for such trading day was less than of the product of the closing price of our common stock and the then applicable conversion rate on each such trading day; 

 (3) if we call the 2027 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 

 (4) upon the occurrence of certain specified corporate events. 

 Upon conversion of the 2027 Notes, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our Class A common stock or a combination of cash and shares of Class A common stock, at our election. We intend to settle the principal of the 2027 Notes in cash. The conversion rate will be subject to adjustment in certain events, but will not be adjusted for any accrued or unpaid interest. A holder who converts their 2027 Notes in connection with certain corporate events that constitute a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Notes) are, under certain circumstances, entitled to an increase in the conversion rate. In addition, if we undergo a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Notes) prior to the maturity date, holders of the 2027 Notes may require us to repurchase for cash all or a portion of their 2027 Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the repurchased 2027 Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. In accounting for the exchange of convertible notes, we evaluated whether the transaction should be treated as a modification or extinguishment transaction. The partial exchange of the 2023 Notes and issuance of the 2027 Notes were deemed to have substantially different terms due to the significant difference between the value of the conversion option immediately prior to and after the exchange, and consequently, the 2023 Notes partial exchange was accounted for as a debt extinguishment. The million difference between the total reacquisition price paid and the net carrying amount of the 2023 Notes was recognized as a debt extinguishment loss within other expense, net in our consolidated statement of operations. 

Unamortized debt issuance costs (1) 

() 

() 

Net carrying amount 

(1) . 

As of July 31, 2023, the remaining life of the 2027 Notes was approximately years . 

Interest expense related to amortization of debt issuance costs 

Total interest expense 

to approximately , some of which include options to renew or terminate. We do not include renewal options in the lease terms for calculating our lease liability, as we are not reasonably certain that we will exercise these renewal options at the time of the lease commencement. Our lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. Total operating lease cost was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 , respectively, excluding short-term lease costs, variable lease costs and sublease income, each of which were not material. Variable lease costs primarily include common area maintenance charges. Total finance lease cost was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. During fiscal 2021, we recorded additional impairment charges related to certain international office spaces, as well as an impairment charge related to an office space in the United States. We recorded a million net impairment in our consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2021. Of the million impairment, approximately million related to the impairment of our operating lease right-of-use assets and approximately million related to the impairment of leasehold improvements. Additional charges related to asset impairments may be recorded in the future. During fiscal 2022, we signed agreements to early exit certain office spaces in the United States. The reduction in the lease term resulted in a decrease to the carrying amount of the operating lease liability and the operating lease right-of-use asset on our consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 2022. In addition, we recorded million of expense in our consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2022. During fiscal 2023, we signed agreements to early exit certain office spaces in the United States and the Netherlands. The reductions in the lease terms resulted in decreases to the carrying amounts of the operating lease liabilities and the operating lease right-of-use assets on our consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 2023. In addition, we recorded million of expense in our consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 

Accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): 

Weighted average discount rate: 

As of 

July 31, 2022 

July 31, 2023 

(in thousands) 

Finance leases: 

Finance lease right-of-use assets, gross (1) 

Accumulated amortization (1) 

() 

() 

Finance lease right-of-use assets , net (1) 

Finance lease liabilities current (2) 

Finance lease liabilities non-current (3) 

Total finance lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years): 

Weighted average discount rate: 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

() 

() 

() 

Total lease obligation 

Less: current lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term lease obligations 

As of July 31, 2023 , we had additional operating lease commitments of approximately million on an undiscounted basis for certain office leases that have not yet commenced. These operating leases will commence during fiscal 2024, with lease terms of approximately . 

 million of non-cancelable purchase obligations and other commitments pertaining to our daily business operations, and up to approximately million in the form of guarantees to certain of our contract manufacturers. Guarantees and Indemnifications We have entered into agreements with some of our Partners and customers that contain indemnification provisions in the event of claims alleging that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party. The scope of such indemnification varies, and may include, in certain cases, the ability to cure the indemnification by modifying or replacing the product at our own expense, requiring the return and refund of the infringing product, procuring the right for the partner and/or customer to continue to use or distribute the product, as applicable, and/or defending the partner or customer against and paying any damages from third-party actions based upon claims of infringement. Other guarantees or indemnification arrangements include guarantees of product and service performance. We have also agreed to indemnify our directors, executive officers and certain other officers for costs associated with any fees, expenses, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by any of these persons in any action or proceeding to which any of those persons is, or is threatened to be, made a party by reason of the person s service as a director or officer, including any action by us, arising out of that person s services as a director or officer of our company or that person s services provided to any other company or enterprise at our request. We maintain director and officer insurance coverage that may enable us to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. The fair value of liabilities related to indemnifications and guarantee provisions are not material and have not had any material impact on our consolidated financial statements to date. Legal Proceedings Securities Class Actions . Beginning on March 29, 2019, several purported securities class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against us and two of our officers. The initial complaints generally alleged that the defendants made false and misleading statements in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5. In July 2019, the court consolidated the actions into a single action, and appointed a lead plaintiff, who then filed a consolidated amended complaint (the Original Complaint ). The action was brought on behalf of those who purchased or otherwise acquired our stock between November 30, 2017 and May 30, 2019, inclusive. The defendants subsequently filed a motion to dismiss the Original Complaint, which the court granted on March 9, 2020, while providing the lead plaintiff leave to amend. On April 17, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint (the Amended Complaint ), again naming us and two of our officers as defendants. The Amended Complaint alleges the same class period, includes many of the same factual allegations as the Original Complaint, and again alleges that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as SEC Rule 10b-5. The Amended Complaint sought monetary damages in an unspecified amount. On September 11, 2020, the court denied the defendants' motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint and held that the lead plaintiff adequately stated a claim with respect to certain statements regarding our new customer growth and sales productivity. On January 27, 2021, lead plaintiff, Shimon Hedvat, filed a motion to (i) withdraw as lead plaintiff and (ii) substitute proposed new lead plaintiffs and approve their appointment of a new co-lead counsel. On March 1, 2021, the court granted the lead plaintiff s motion to withdraw as lead plaintiff but denied without prejudice his motion to substitute proposed new lead plaintiffs. The court also reopened the lead plaintiff selection process, allowing any putative class member interested in serving as the new lead plaintiff to file a lead plaintiff application. Following the lead plaintiff selection hearing on April 28, 2021, on June 10, 2021 the court appointed California Ironworkers Field Pension Trust as lead plaintiff and approved its appointment of counsel. On May 28, 2021, one of the movants for lead plaintiff, John P. Norton on behalf of the Norton Family Living Trust UAD 11/15/2002, filed a separate class action complaint (the Options Class Action Complaint in the Northern District of California on behalf of a class of persons or entities who transacted in publicly traded call options and/or put options on Nutanix stock during the period from November 30, 2017 and May 30, 2019, containing allegations substantively the same as those alleged in the Amended Complaint (the Options Class Action and naming the same defendants. On September 8, 2021, the court appointed the John P. Norton on behalf of the Norton Family Living Trust UAD 11/15/2002 as the lead plaintiff in the Options Class Action. On April 26, 2022, the parties met for mediation, which did not result in a settlement. On September 1, 2022, California Ironworkers Field Pension Trust filed a third amended complaint (which amends the Amended Complaint, the Third Amended Complaint and John P. Norton on behalf of the Norton Family Living Trust UAD 11/15/2002 filed an amended complaint (which amends the Options Class Action Complaint, the First Amended Complaint ). On November 14, 2022, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Third Amended Complaint and the First Amended Complaint. On February 9, 2023, the plaintiffs and the defendants agreed to a mediator s recommendation to settle these actions for a total of million, which is accrued as of July 31, 2023 and included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. On May 19, 2023, the court granted its preliminary approval of the settlement and the notice to class members. In June 2023, the million of settlement funds were deposited in escrow and are included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 2023. A final settlement hearing is scheduled for October 4, 2023. The settlement accrual is partially offset by a receivable of million for amounts recoverable under our applicable insurance policies, which is included within prepaid expenses and other current assets on our consolidated balance sheet as of July 31, 2023. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, we recorded charges of million for the settlement and applicable legal fees, net of our insurance receivable. On April 14, 2023, a purported federal securities class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against us, two of our current officers, and a former officer. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants made false and misleading statements in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 10b-5. The court has appointed a lead plaintiff for the putative class in this action, consisting of those who purchased or otherwise acquired our securities between September 21, 2021 and March 6, 2023, inclusive. In addition, on May 5, 2023, a purported stockholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, naming our current directors as defendants and our company as a nominal defendant. The complaint generally alleges violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and breach of fiduciary duties, and aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duties, based on similar underlying allegations contained in the purported federal securities class action complaint described above. The court has ordered that all proceedings in this stockholder derivative action be stayed pending the court's decision on any motion to dismiss in the federal securities class action. These cases are in their very early stages, and we are not able to determine what, if any, liabilities will attach to these complaints. We are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings that we believe to be material to our business or financial condition. From time to time, we may become party to various litigation matters and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. 

 per share, were automatically converted into the same number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share, pursuant to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. additional shares of Class B common stock will be issued following such conversion. As a result, as of July 31, 2023 , we had class of outstanding common stock consisting of Class A common stock. In December 2022, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which includes the removal of all provisions related to Class B common stock. As of July 31, 2023 , we had billion shares of Class A common stock authorized, with a par value of per share. As of July 31, 2023 , we had million shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to vote for each share of Class A common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Share Repurchase In September 2021, we used approximately million of the net cash proceeds from the issuance of million in aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes to repurchase million shares of Class A common stock in open market transactions at an average price of per share. For additional details on these transactions, refer to Note 6. Common Stock Reserved for Issuance 

Shares underlying outstanding stock options 

Shares underlying outstanding restricted stock units 

Shares reserved for future employee stock purchase plan awards 

Total 

equity incentive plans, the 2010 Stock Plan 2010 Plan ), 2011 Stock Plan 2011 Plan and 2016 Equity Incentive Plan 2016 Plan ). Our stockholders approved the 2016 Plan in March 2016 and it became effective in connection with our initial public offering IPO ). As a result, at the time of the IPO, we ceased granting additional stock awards under the 2010 Plan and 2011 Plan and both plans were terminated. Any outstanding stock awards under the 2010 Plan and 2011 Plan remain outstanding, subject to the terms of the applicable plan and award agreements, until such shares are issued under those stock awards, by exercise of stock options or settlement of RSUs, or until those stock awards become vested or expired by their terms. Under the 2016 Plan, we may grant incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs and stock appreciation rights to employees, directors and consultants. We initially reserved million shares of our Class A common stock for issuance under the 2016 Plan. The number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan also includes an annual increase on the first day of each fiscal year, beginning in fiscal 2018, equal to the lesser of: million shares, of the outstanding shares of all classes of common stock as of the last day of our immediately preceding fiscal year, or such other amount as may be determined by the Board. Accordingly, on August 1, 2021 and 2022, the number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan increased by million and million shares, respectively, pursuant to these provisions. As of July 31, 2023 , we had reserved a total of million shares for the issuance of equity awards under the Stock Plans, of which million shares were still available for grant. On August 1, 2023, the number of shares of Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan increased by million shares pursuant to the automatic increase provisions. Restricted Stock Units Performance RSUs We have granted RSUs that have both service and performance conditions to our executives and employees Performance RSUs ). Vesting of Performance RSUs is subject to continuous service and the satisfaction of certain performance targets. While we recognize cumulative stock-based compensation expense for the portion of the awards for which both the service condition has been satisfied and it is probable that the performance conditions will be met, the actual vesting and settlement of Performance RSUs are subject to the performance conditions actually being met. Market Stock Units In connection with his hiring, in December 2020, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors approved the grant of million RSUs subject to certain market conditions MSUs to our President and CEO. These MSUs have a weighted average grant date fair value per unit of and will vest up to based upon the achievement of certain stock price targets over a performance period of approximately years, subject to his continuous service on each vesting date. In October 2021, August 2022, and August 2023, the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors granted approximately million, million, and million MSUs, respectively, to certain of our executives. These MSUs have a weighted average grant date fair value per unit of approximately , , and , respectively, and will vest up to of the target number of MSUs based upon our total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return of companies in the Nasdaq Composite Index over a performance period of approximately years, years, and years, respectively, subject to continuous service on each vesting date. Additional MSUs have been granted with similar terms, but were not material. We used Monte Carlo simulations to calculate the fair value of these awards on the grant date, or modification date, as applicable. A Monte Carlo simulation requires the use of various assumptions, including the stock price volatility and risk-free interest rate as of the valuation date corresponding to the length of time remaining in the performance period and expected dividend yield. We recognize stock-based compensation expense related to these MSUs using the graded vesting attribution method over the respective performance periods. As of July 31, 2023 , approximately million MSUs remained outstanding. 

Granted 

Released 

() 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Outstanding at end of period 

The aggregate grant date fair value of RSUs, including MSUs, vested was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. Stock Options The Board determines the period over which stock options become exercisable and stock options generally vest over a period. Stock options generally expire from the date of grant. The term of an ISO grant to a 10 stockholder will not exceed from the date of the grant. The exercise price of an ISO will not be less than of the estimated fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock option (or of the estimated fair value in the case of an ISO granted to a 10 stockholder) on the date of grant. The exercise price of an NSO is determined by the Board at the time of grant and is generally not less than of the estimated fair value of the shares of common stock underlying the stock option on the date of grant. 

Options granted 

Options exercised 
 
 () 

() 

Options canceled/forfeited 
 
 () 

Outstanding at end of period 

Exercisable at end of period 

The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 was million, million and million, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the options and the estimated fair value of our common stock. Cash received from option exercises was million, million and million for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023 , respectively. The total grant date fair value of stock options vested was not material for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021 and 2022. There were no stock options that vested during the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. We did t grant any stock options during the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 or 2023. Employee Stock Purchase Plan In December 2015, the Board adopted the 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which was subsequently amended in January 2016 and September 2016 and approved by our stockholders in March 2016 (the Original 2016 ESPP ). The Original 2016 ESPP became effective in connection with our IPO. Our stockholders subsequently approved amendments to the Original 2016 ESPP in December 2019 and December 2022 (as amended, the 2016 ESPP ). Under the 2016 ESPP, the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock available for sale is million shares. The 2016 ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our Class A common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to of eligible compensation, subject to caps of in any calendar year and shares on any purchase date. The 2016 ESPP provides for offering periods, generally beginning in March and September of each year, and each offering period consists of six-month purchase periods. On each purchase date, participating employees will purchase Class A common stock at a price per share equal to of the lesser of the fair market value of our Class A common stock on (i) the first trading day of the applicable offering period or (ii) the last trading day of each purchase period in the applicable offering period. If the stock price of our Class A common stock on any purchase date in an offering period is lower than the stock price on the enrollment date of that offering period, the offering period will immediately reset after the purchase of shares on such purchase date and automatically roll into a new offering period. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 , million shares of common stock were purchased under the 2016 ESPP for an aggregate amount of million. As of July 31, 2023 , million shares were available for future issuance under the 2016 ESPP. 

Risk-free interest rate 

Volatility 

Dividend yield 

Stock-Based Compensation 

Support, entitlements and other services 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

As of July 31, 2023 , unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to outstanding stock awards was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 

 , following a review of our business structure and after taking other cost-cutting measures to reduce expenses. This headcount reduction was part of our efforts to drive toward profitable growth. As of July 31, 2023 , we recognized total restructuring charges of approximately million, which consisted primarily of one-time severance and other termination benefit costs directly related to this reduction in force. Of the approximately million recognized, million is included within support, entitlements and other services cost of revenue, million is included within sales and marketing expense, million is included within research and development expense, and million is included within general and administrative expense on our consolidated statements of operations. During the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023 , we did not make any cash payments. During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, we made cash payments of approximately million. As of July 31, 2023 , we had a remaining restructuring liability of approximately million, included within accrued compensation and benefits in our consolidated balance sheet. We do not expect to record any material future charges related to this reduction in force. 

134 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 per share, were automatically converted into the same number of shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share, pursuant to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Prior to this conversion, the rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock were identical, except with respect to voting. As the liquidation and dividend rights were identical, our undistributed earnings or losses were allocated on a proportionate basis among the holders of both Class A and Class B common stock. As a result, the net income (loss) per share attributed to common stockholders was the same for both Class A and Class B common stock on an individual or combined basis.) 

() 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares basic and diluted 

Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted 

() 

() 

() 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Common stock issuable upon the conversion of the Notes 

Contingently issuable shares pursuant to acquisitions 

Total 

Shares that will be issued in connection with our stock awards and shares that will be purchased under the employee stock purchase plan are generally automatically converted into shares of our Class A common stock. Common stock issuable upon the conversion of convertible debt represents the antidilutive impact of the 2023 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes under the if-converted method. 

() 

() 

Foreign 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

() 

() 

() 

() 

State and local 

Foreign 

Total current taxes 

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 

State and local 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

Total deferred taxes 

() 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

to pre-tax loss. The reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax and our effective income tax is as follows: 

Fiscal Year Ended July 31, 

2021 

2022 

2023 

(in thousands) 

U.S. federal income tax at statutory rate 

() 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Non-deductible item on fair value remeasurement of derivative liability 

Stock-based compensation 

Effect of foreign operations 

() 

Research and development tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Non-deductible expenses 

Change in unrecognized tax benefit 

State income taxes 

Tax impact of Frame divestiture 

Other 

Total 

During the fiscal years ended July 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, our provision for income taxes was primarily attributable to foreign tax provisions in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we conduct business. 

Tax credit carryforward 

Deferred revenue 

Capitalized research expenses 

Leases 

Accruals and reserves 

Stock-based compensation 

Interest expense carryforward 

Property and equipment 

Other assets 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Deferred commission expense 

() 

() 

Convertible notes 

() 

() 

Leases 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Property and equipment 

() 

() 

Acquisition-related 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Management believes that based on available evidence, both positive and negative, it is more likely than not that the U.S. deferred tax assets will not be utilized and as such, a full valuation allowance has been recorded. The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was billion as of July 31, 2023. The net increase in the total valuation allowance for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2022 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. As of July 31, 2023 , we had approximately billion of federal net operating loss carryforwards and billion of state net operating loss carryforwards available to reduce future taxable income, which will begin to expire in fiscal 2024. In addition, we had approximately million of federal research credit carryforwards, million of state research credit carryforwards and million of foreign tax credit carryforwards available to reduce future tax liability. The federal credits will begin to expire in fiscal 2030 and the state credits can be carried forward indefinitely. The foreign credits will begin to expire in fiscal 2027. Utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and similar state provisions. Any annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization. If an ownership change occurred, utilization of the net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards could be significantly reduced. As of July 31, 2023 , we held an aggregate of million in cash and cash equivalents in our foreign subsidiaries, of which million was denominated in U.S. dollars. We attribute net revenue, costs and expenses to domestic and foreign components based on the terms of our agreements with our subsidiaries. We do not provide for federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, as such earnings are to be reinvested offshore indefinitely. It is not practical to estimate the withholding tax liability if these earnings were to be repatriated. The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act requires research and development expenditures incurred for the tax year beginning after December 31, 2021 to be capitalized and amortized ratably over five years for domestic research and 15 years for international research. The impact of the mandatory capitalization requirement for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 was fully offset by our tax attributes carryover and full valuation allowance position. On August 16, 2022, the U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act IRA of 2022, which, among other things, implemented a 15 minimum tax on book income for certain large corporations, a 1 excise tax on net stock repurchases, and several tax incentives to promote clean energy. The provisions of the IRA had no impact on our income tax provision for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. We recognize uncertain tax positions in our financial statements if that position will more likely than not be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

Increases related to prior year tax positions 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 

() 

() 

Lapse of statute of limitations/Settlements/Other 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the year 

During the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023, the net increase in unrecognized tax positions was primarily attributable to federal and state research and development credits and intercompany charges. As of July 31, 2023 , if uncertain tax positions are fully recognized in the future, it would result in a million impact to our effective tax rate, primarily relating to positions in foreign jurisdictions, and the remaining amount would result in adjustments to deferred tax assets and corresponding adjustments to the valuation allowance. We recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters as a component of income tax expense. As of July 31, 2023 , we had recognized million of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction as well as various U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions. The tax years 2009 and forward remain open to examination by the major jurisdictions in which we are subject to tax. These fiscal years outside the normal statute of limitation remain open to audit by tax authorities due to tax attributes generated in those early years, which have been carried forward and may be audited in subsequent years when utilized. We are subject to the continuous examination of income tax returns by various tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of the provision for income taxes. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments that may ultimately result from these examinations. We do not anticipate a significant impact to the gross unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months related to these years. 

138 
 
 Table of Contents 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Europe, the Middle East and Africa 

Asia Pacific 

Other Americas 

Total revenue 

International 

Total long-lived assets 

million of our Class A common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time through open market purchases or through privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements and other relevant factors. The repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of our common stock, and may be suspended at any time at our discretion. 

139 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )). As initially disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on May 24, 2023, our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. As described below, while our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, has made significant progress toward remediating this material weakness, our management determined that this material weakness has not yet been fully remediated. Accordingly, based on our management s evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of July 31, 2023. Notwithstanding this material weakness, our management concluded that our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and Rule 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting consists of policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) are designed and operated to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and our process for the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework ). 
 Our management has identified control deficiencies, as previously disclosed, that, individually or in the aggregate, constitute a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. While our management, with the oversight of the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, has made significant progress toward remediating the material weakness, our management has determined that the material weakness has not yet been fully remediated. As a result, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 140 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness identified by management primarily relates to design deficiencies in the information and communication component of the COSO Framework, that also impacted the design and operating effectiveness of elements of the risk assessment and other components. In particular, we determined that our controls were not designed and operating effectively to provide the information necessary for our risk assessment process to identify non-compliant use of third-party software as a risk of material misstatement in our financial reporting and we did not effectively reinforce the importance of raising concerns about perceived unethical conduct in a timely manner. These control deficiencies, individually or in the aggregate, create a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, and constitute a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 
 This material weakness resulted in an immaterial error in the reporting of expenses for software licenses and support for each prior period beginning in August 2014, which we have corrected prospectively as we issue future financial statements, as disclosed in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have evaluated the materiality of this error and determined that the impact is not material to our previously issued financial statements. 
 Remediation Efforts to Address Material Weakness 
 Our management and the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors are committed to remediating the material weakness and strengthening our overall internal control over financial reporting. To this end, our management, with oversight from the Audit Committee, has implemented many of the remedial measures outlined in the remediation plan initially disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A filed with the SEC on May 24, 2023 and remains in the process of implementing the remaining remedial measures. Our goal is to implement the remaining remedial measures by the end of the fiscal quarter ending January 31, 2024. To date, we have implemented the following remedial measures outlined in the remediation plan: 
 We have enhanced management s quarterly sub-certification process related to non-compliant use of third-party software and increased the certifiers awareness of financial reporting implications of non-compliant use of third-party software. 

We have enhanced management s disclosure committee process related to non-compliant use of third-party software. 

We have enhanced the finance department s process for collecting information about unaccrued software expenditures and/or other potential unrecorded usage of third-party software. 

We have educated business unit representatives on understanding potential items, activities or services that require accrual. 

We have trained relevant employees on appropriate software acquisition and usage practices and software licensing compliance. 

We have revised our code of business conduct and ethics to reinforce the importance of compliant use of third-party software. 

We have provided additional training of, and communications to, employees to further promote ethical conduct and timely escalation of concerns. 

141 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 The remaining remedial measures outlined in the remediation plan, which are being implemented as scheduled, include the following: 
 Completing the design and implementation of additional systems, processes and controls over third-party software license procurement, usage, and compliance. 

Our management believes that the remediation measures described above will remediate the material weakness and strengthen our overall internal control over financial reporting. As our management continues to evaluate and work to enhance our internal control over financial reporting, our management may take additional measures to address control deficiencies or we may modify some of the remediation measures described above. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable remediated controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023 has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears below. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Except for the remediation measures we have implemented to address the previously identified material weakness noted above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 142 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Nutanix, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Nutanix, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness identified below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended July 31, 2023, of the Company and our report dated September 21, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 143 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Material Weakness 
 A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management's assessment. The material weakness relates to design deficiencies in the information and communication component of the COSO framework, that also impacted the design and operating effectiveness of elements of the risk assessment and other components. In particular, controls were not designed and operating effectively to provide the information necessary for the risk assessment process to identify non-compliant use of third-party software as a risk of material misstatement in the Company s financial reporting and did not effectively reinforce the importance of raising concerns about perceived unethical conduct in a timely manner. This resulted in the understatement of expenses for software licenses and support for prior periods. 
 This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended July 31, 2023, of the Company, and this report does not affect our report on such financial statements. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 

San Jose, California 

September 21, 2023 

144 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 , , our , entered into a trading plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of under the Exchange Act. Mr. Sangster s plan provides for the sale of up to shares of Class A common stock and up to 50 of the net shares that Mr. Sangster may receive from the vesting of certain outstanding awards of restricted stock units from time to time between September 13, 2023 through August 8, 2024. Due to pricing conditions in the plan and the vesting conditions of the awards, the number of shares actually sold under the plan may be less than the maximum number of shares that can be sold. The plan will expire on September 13, 2024, or earlier if all transactions under the plan are completed. On , , our , entered into a trading plan that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of under the Exchange Act. Mr. Ramaswami s plan provides for the sale of up to shares of Class A common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units and up to 20 of the net shares that Mr. Ramaswami may receive from the vesting of certain outstanding awards of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units from time to time between September 21, 2023 through August 8, 2024. Due to pricing conditions in the plan and the vesting conditions of the awards, the number of shares actually sold under the plan may be less than the maximum number of shares that can be sold. The plan will expire on September 23, 2024, or earlier if all transactions under the plan are completed. 

 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 
 145 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

146 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have filed the consolidated financial statements listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material, or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 See the Exhibit Index below in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

147 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 
 
 148 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 Exhibit Title 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 3.1 
 12/12/2022 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 3.1 
 10/7/2022 

3.3 
 Certificate of Retirement of Class B Common Stock. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 3.1 
 1/4/2022 

4.1 
 Amended and Restated Investors Rights Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2014, as amended, by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders. 
 S-1 
 333-208711 
 4.1 
 12/22/2015 

4.2 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of the Registrant. 
 S-1/A 
 333-208711 
 4.2 
 4/4/2016 

4.3 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Capital Stock by and between the Registrant and certain of its investors. 
 S-1 
 333-208711 
 4.3 
 12/22/2015 

4.4 
 Description of Class A Common Stock. 

X 

4.5 
 Indenture, dated as of September 24, 2020, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 4.1 
 9/24/2020 

4.6 
 Form of 2.5 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 4.2 
 9/24/2020 

4.7 
 Indenture, dated as of September 22, 2021, by and between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 4.1 
 9/23/2021 

4.8 
 Form of 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.7) 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 4.2 
 9/23/2021 

10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between the Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 6/3/2021 

10.2+ 
 Second Amended and Restated Outside Director Compensation Policy 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.2 
 9/21/2021 

10.3+ 
 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Outside Director Compensation 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 6/2/2022 

10.4+ 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Outside Director Compensation 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 12/7/2022 

10.5+ 
 2010 Stock Plan and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 
 333-208711 
 10.2 
 8/16/2016 

10.6+ 
 2011 Stock Plan and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 
 333-208711 
 10.3 
 12/22/2015 

10.7+ 
 2016 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 S-1/A 
 333-208711 
 10.4 
 9/19/2016 

10.8+ 
 Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (Fiscal Year 2022) under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.2 
 12/2/2021 

10.9+ 
 Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (Fiscal Year 2023) under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.8 
 9/21/2022 

10.10+ 
 Form of Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units (Fiscal Year 2024) under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 

X 

149 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 Exhibit Title 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

10.11+ 
 Amended and Restated 2016 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and forms of equity agreements thereunder. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 5/24/2023 

10.12+ 
 Executive Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 S-1 
 333-208711 
 10.14 
 12/22/2015 

10.13+ 
 Offer Letter, dated as of December 7, 2020, by and between Nutanix, Inc. and Rajiv Ramaswami. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 12/9/2020 

10.14+ 
 Offer Letter, dated as of April 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Rukmini Sivaraman. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 4/12/2022 

10.15+ 
 Offer Letter, dated as of October 17, 2011, by and between the Registrant and David Sangster. 
 S-1 
 333-208711 
 10.11 
 12/22/2015 

10.16+ 
 Offer Letter, dated as of November 20, 2017, by and between the Registrant and Tyler Wall . 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 3/15/2018 

10.17+ 
 Change of Control and Severance Policy. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.16 
 9/21/2022 

10.18+ 
 Executive Severance Policy. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.17 
 9/21/2021 

10.19 
 Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 16, 2014, by and among the Registrant, Nutanix Netherlands B.V. and Super Micro Computer Inc., as amended by Amendment One to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 13, 2017 and Amendment Two to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Purchase Agreement dated as of October 31, 2018. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.2 
 6/5/2019 

10.20 
 Amendment Two to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Super Micro Computer, Inc. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.3 
 12/10/2018 

10.21 
 Participation Agreement to the Original Equipment Manufacturer Purchase Agreement, entered into as of September 26, 2019, by and between the Registrant, Nutanix Netherlands B.V. and Super Micro Computer, Inc. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.5 
 12/5/2019 

10.22 
 Amendment Three to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Super Micro Computer Inc. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 3/4/2021 

10.23 
 Amendment Four to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Super Micro Computer Inc. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 3/10/2022 

10.24 
 Office Lease, dated as of August 5, 2013, as amended to date, by and between the Registrant and CA-1740 Technology Drive Limited Partnership. 
 S-1/A 
 333-208711 
 10.15 
 8/16/2016 

10.25 
 Office Lease, dated as of April 23, 2014, as amended to date, by and between the Registrant and CA-Metro Plaza Limited Partnership. 
 S-1/A 
 333-208711 
 10.16 
 8/16/2016 

10.26 
 Sixth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of January 29, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 6/12/2018 

150 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 Exhibit Title 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

10.27 
 Seventh Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of April 4, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.2 
 6/12/2018 

10.28 
 Eighth Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of November 23, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.3 
 12/3/2020 

10.29 
 Ninth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of August 23, 2021, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 12/2/2021 

10.30 
 Tenth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of May 18, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.3 
 6/2/2022 

10.31 
 Eleventh Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of June 28, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.34 
 9/21/2022 

10.32 
 Twelfth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of August 31, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson 1740 Technology, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.35 
 9/21/2022 

10.33 
 Fourth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of April 4, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.3 
 6/12/2018 

10.34 
 Fifth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of October 1, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 12/10/2018 

10.35 
 Sixth Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of April 5, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.28 
 9/24/2019 

10.36 
 Seventh Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of April 25, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.29 
 9/24/2019 

10.37 
 Eighth Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of September 17, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 12/5/2019 

10.38 
 Ninth Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of November 23, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.5 
 12/3/2020 

10.39 
 Tenth Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of June 28, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.42 
 9/21/2022 

10.40 
 Eleventh Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of August 31, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Metro Plaza, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.43 
 9/21/2022 

10.41 
 Office Lease, dated as of April 4, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.4 
 6/12/2018 

10.42 
 First Amendment to the Office Lease dated as of September 5, 2018, by and between the Registrant and the Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.31 
 9/24/2019 

10.43 
 Office Lease for 1741 Technology Dr., dated as of September 5, 2018, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.2 
 12/10/2018 

10.44 
 First Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of October 22, 2019, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.2 
 12/5/2019 

151 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 Exhibit Title 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

10.45 
 Confirmation Letter, dated as of November 12, 2019, relating to the Office Lease by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.3 
 12/5/2019 

10.46 
 Second Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of November 23, 2020, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-Q 
 001-37883 
 10.4 
 12/3/2020 

10.47 
 Third Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of April 30, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.50 
 9/21/2022 

10.48 
 Fourth Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of June 15, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.51 
 9/21/2022 

10.49 
 Fifth Amendment to the Office Lease, dated as of July 28, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Hudson Concourse, LLC. 
 10-K 
 001-37883 
 10.52 
 9/21/2022 

10.50 
 Investment Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2020, by and among Nutanix, Inc. and BCPE Nucleon (DE) SPV, LP. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 8/27/2020 

10.51 
 Amendment to Investment Agreement, dated as of September 24, 2020, by and between the Registrant and BCPE Nucleon (DE) SPV, LP. 
 8-K 
 001-37883 
 10.1 
 9/24/2020 

21.1 
 List of significant subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

X 

23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

X 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on the Signatures page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

X 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14a and 15d-14a, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14a and 15d-14a, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

X 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

X 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

X 

101. 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition. 

X 

101. 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

X 

152 
 
 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference 

Number 
 Exhibit Title 
 Form 
 File No. 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed Herewith 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

X 

Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this exhibit. These portions have been omitted and have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Certain confidential information contained in this Exhibit was omitted by means of marking such portions with brackets because the identified confidential information is both (i) not material and (ii) the type of information that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 
 These exhibits are furnished with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not incorporated by reference in any filing of Nutanix, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filings. 
 +Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

153 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NUTANIX, INC. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Rajiv Ramaswami 

Rajiv Ramaswami President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

154 
 
 Table of Contents 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Rajiv Ramaswami and Rukmini Sivaraman, jointly and severally, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Rajiv Ramaswami 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Rajiv Ramaswami 

/s/ Rukmini Sivaraman 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Rukmini Sivaraman 

/s/ Craig Conway 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Craig Conway 

/s/ Max de Groen 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Max de Groen 

/s/ Virginia Gambale 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Virginia Gambale 

/s/ Steven J. Gomo 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Steven J. Gomo 

/s/ David Humphrey 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

David Humphrey 

/s/ Gayle Sheppard 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Gayle Sheppard 

/s/ Brian M. Stevens 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Brian M. Stevens 

/s/ Mark Templeton 
 
 Director 
 
 September 21, 2023 

Mark Templeton 

155 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ntnx-ex4_4.htm
 EX-4.4

EX-4.4 

Exhibit 4.4 
 DESCRIPTION OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK 
 The following description of the capital stock of Nutanix, Inc. us , our , we or the Company is a summary. This summary is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws, each previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part, as well as to the relevant provisions of the general corporation law of the state of Delaware (the DGCL ). We encourage you to read our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and the applicable provisions of the DGCL carefully. 
 General 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,200,000,000 shares, with a par value of 0.000025 per share, of which: 
 1,000,000,000 shares are authorized as Class A common stock; and 

200,000,000 shares are authorized as preferred stock. 

Our board of directors is authorized, without stockholder approval, except as required by the listing standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, to issue additional shares of our capital stock. 
 Voting Rights 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of preferred stock, at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders, the holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share on any matter that is submitted to a vote of our stockholders. 
 We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our certificate of incorporation. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws provide for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of approximately equal size, designated Class I, Class II and Class III. At the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, if re-nominated, the Class I directors will be up for re-election for one-year terms and until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. At the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, the Class I and Class II directors will be up for re-election for one-year terms and until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. At the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, all directors will be up for re-election for one-year terms and until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our Class A common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. All outstanding shares of Class A common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 

Dividends and Distributions 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of Class A common stock are entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or shares of our capital stock) when, as and if declared thereon by our board of directors. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of Class A common stock are entitled to share in all assets remaining after the payment of any liabilities and the liquidation preferences and any accrued or declared but unpaid dividends, if any, with respect to any outstanding preferred stock. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions and certain provisions of Delaware law, which are summarized below, could discourage takeovers, coercive or otherwise. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us. 
 Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock. Our board of directors has the ability to designate and issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could deter hostile takeovers or delay changes in our control or management. 
 Limits on Ability of Stockholders to Act by Written Consent or Call a Special Meeting. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our stockholders may not act by written consent. This limit on the ability of stockholders to act by written consent may lengthen the amount of time required to take stockholder actions. As a result, the holders of a majority of our capital stock would not be able to amend the amended and restated bylaws or remove directors without holding a meeting of stockholders called in accordance with the amended and restated bylaws. 
 In addition, our amended and restated bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by a majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, the lead independent director, the chief executive officer, or the president (in the absence of a chief executive officer), . A stockholder may not call a special meeting, which may delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for holders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 
 Advance Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals. Our amended and restated bylaws establish advance notice procedures with respect to stockholder proposals and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of the board of directors. These advance notice procedures may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed and may also discourage 

or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect its own slate of directors or otherwise attempt to obtain control of our company. 
 Board Classification . While our classified board structure will be phased out so that our board of directors will be fully declassified by the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders, a classified board of directors may tend to discourage a third party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us because it generally makes it more difficult for stockholders to replace a majority of the directors. 
 Election and Removal of Directors . Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that establish specific procedures for appointing and removing members of our board of directors. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, vacancies and newly created directorships on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of the directors then serving on our board of directors. Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, directors may be removed only for cause and, in addition to any other vote required by law, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. 
 No Cumulative Voting . The Delaware General Corporation Law provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws do not expressly provide for cumulative voting. Without cumulative voting, a minority stockholder may not be able to gain as many seats on our board of directors as the stockholder would be able to gain if cumulative voting were permitted. The absence of cumulative voting makes it more difficult for a minority stockholder to gain a seat on our board of directors to influence our board of directors decision regarding a takeover. 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute. We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder unless: 
 prior to the date of the transaction, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

at or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 

two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of a corporation s outstanding voting stock. We expect the existence of this provision to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our board of directors does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that Section 203 may discourage attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Class A common stock held by stockholders. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 ntnx-ex10_10.htm
 EX-10.10

EX-10.10 

Exhibit 10.10 
 NUTANIX, INC. 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 GLOBAL RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (FOR FISCAL YEAR 2024 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units) 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Nutanix, Inc. 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the Notice of Grant ), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A , and the Country-Specific Terms and Conditions, attached hereto as Exhibit B (collectively this Award Agreement ). 
 NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 Participant:				 		 _________________________________ 		 
 Participant has been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows: 
 Grant Number				 	 _________________________________ 				 
 Date of Grant				 	 _________________________________ 				 
 Target Restricted Stock Units		_________________________________ 					 
 Vesting Schedule : 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the Performance Condition Appendix attached hereto. 
 In the event Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units and Participant s right to acquire any shares of Class A common stock Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. 
 For purposes of this Award, Participant s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to Nutanix, Inc. (the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any). Unless explicitly required by applicable legislation, such date will not be extended by any notice period e.g ., Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s 
 1 

employment or service agreement, if any). Unless otherwise expressly provided in the Plan or the Award Agreement or determined by the Company, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and Participant will not earn, or be entitled to earn, any pro-rated vesting for that portion of time before the date on which the Participant s right to vest terminates, nor will Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 
 	Participant is required to accept this Award electronically by accessing the E Trade Financial Services, Inc. E Trade website at WWW.ETRADE.COM. By clicking on the Accept button on the e trade website, Participant accepts this Award and agrees to be bound by the terms of this AWARD Agreement (including Exhibits A AND B hereto) and the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that such electronic acceptance of this AWARD Agreement shall have the same binding effect as a written or hard copy signature. 
 
 2 

PERFORMANCE CONDITION APPENDIX 
 
 1. Eligibility 

The number of Restricted Stock Units RSUs set forth in the Notice of Grant that will be eligible to vest and to be released to Participant (1) may be more or less than the Target Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice of Grant but (2) may not exceed 200 of the Target Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice of Grant. 
 
 2. TSR Terms and Conditions 

The RSUs will be eligible to vest and to be released to Participant in up to 3 installments based on the Total Shareholder Return TSR of the Company during the following performance periods (each, a Performance Period ): 
 (i) August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2024 Performance Period One ); 
 (ii) August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2025 Performance Period Two ); and 
 (iii) August 1, 2023 to July 31, 2026 Performance Period Three ). 
 Up to 1/3 of the RSUs will be eligible to vest as a result of performance for each of Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. Achievement shall be capped at 100 Achievement Percentage (as defined below) for Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. 
 100 of the RSUs (as may be increased as a result of any Achievement Percentage in excess of target) will be eligible to vest with respect to Performance Period Three, less any RSUs that already vested in Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. 
 
 3. Process for Determining Achievement in Each Performance Period . The following process will be implemented to determine the Achievement Percentage during each Performance Period. 

Relative TSR . Except as provided under Change in Control below, the number of RSUs (if any) that will be eligible to vest will be determined based on the TSR of the Company (the Company TSR during each Performance Period relative to the TSRs of the Indexed Companies (each, an Indexed Company TSR during the applicable Performance Period, determined as follows: 
 Step 1 : Calculate the beginning price with respect to the Company and each Indexed Company by determining the average of the closing market prices of such company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the trading days falling during the two (2) calendar months ending with the last calendar day before the beginning of the applicable Performance Period (each, a Beginning Price ). For illustrative purposes, the Beginning Price for Performance Period One will be the average of the closing market prices for the trading days on and between June 1, 2023 and July 31, 2023. For the purpose of determining a Beginning Price, the value of dividends and other distributions (the ex-dividend date for which 
 3 

occurs during the 2 calendar month measurement period) will be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the ex-dividend date. 
 Step 2 : Calculate the ending price with respect to the Company and each Indexed Company by determining the average of the closing market prices of such company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for the trading days falling during the two (2) calendar months ending with the last calendar day of the Performance Period (each, an Ending Price ). For illustrative purposes, the Ending Price for Performance Period One will be the average of the closing market prices for the trading days on and between June 1, 2024 and July 31, 2024. For the purpose of determining an Ending Price, the value of dividends and other distributions (the ex-dividend date for which occurs during the Performance Period) will be determined by treating them as reinvested in additional shares of stock at the closing market price on the ex-dividend date. 
 Step 3 : Calculate the Company TSR and each Indexed Company TSR by applying the following formula: (Ending Price/Beginning Price)-1. The Company TSR and each Indexed Company TSR will each be expressed as a percent of increase (i.e., a positive percent) or decrease (i.e., a negative percent) without rounding. 
 Step 4 : Rank the Company TSR and the Indexed Company TSRs from highest (highest positive percentage) to lowest (highest negative percentage). 
 Step 5 : Based on the percentile ranking of the Company TSR relative to the Indexed Company TSRs under Step 4, the number of RSUs that will become Eligible RSUs for the Performance Period (if any) will be the product of (x) the Achievement Percentage (as defined below) multiplied by (y) the applicable RSUs eligible to vest during the applicable Performance Period, with the number of resulting Shares rounded up to the nearest whole Share. Achievement shall be capped at 100 Achievement Percentage for Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. 
 With respect to the calculations under either Performance Period Three and/or the Change in Control Performance Period (as defined below), the number of RSUs that will become Eligible RSUs (if any), as provided above, will be reduced by RSUs that already vested in Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. Further, no RSUs that had already vested and settled in either a fully completed Performance Period One or Performance Period Two would be impacted or subject to forfeiture as a result of achievement in Performance Period Three and/or the Change in Control Performance Period. 
 
 The Achievement Percentage for a Performance Period is the percentage achievement of the targeted Company TSR performance relative to the TSRs of the Indexed Companies for such Performance Period, and is determined based on the percentile rank of Company TSR relative to the TSRs of the Indexed Companies as follows, subject to Section 4 below: 

Percentile Rank 
 Achievement Percentage 

Threshold: 25 th Percentile 
 50 

Target: 50 th Percentile 
 100 

Maximum: 75th Percentile 
 200 

4 

If the Company TSR ranks among the Indexed Company TSRs at a percentile that falls between the percentile thresholds set forth above, the Achievement Percentage will be (i) determined based on a linear interpolation between the corresponding Achievement Percentages for such thresholds and (ii) expressed as a percentage (with the percentage rounded to 4 decimals). For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be 0 Achievement Percentage for a Percentile Rank below the 25 th Percentile (without rounding). 
 For purposes of performing the calculations in Steps 1 through 5, the Administrator will be permitted to rely on a tracker established by Infinite Equity, or another 3 rd party firm specialized in tracking the Company TSR and each Indexed Company TSR (the Tracker and any result calculated by the Tracker and used by the Administrator for purposes of this Award will be deemed to be correct and final for all purposes. The Administrator s determination as to the number of the RSUs that become Eligible RSUs will be deemed to be final and binding on Participant and will be given the maximum deference permitted by Applicable Laws. 
 Change in Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing paragraph, if Participant remains a Service Provider through immediately prior to a Change in Control occurring before the last day of Performance Period Three, the number of RSUs that will become Eligible RSUs (if any) will be calculated applying Steps 1 through 5, except as follows: 
 (a) Rather than being determined based on the Company TSR relative to the Indexed Company TSRs during the Performance Period, the number of Eligible RSUs (if any) will instead be determined based on the Company TSR during the period beginning on August 1, 2023 and ending on the date the Change in Control occurs (the Change in Control Performance Period relative to the Indexed Company TSRs during the Change in Control Performance Period, and any references to the Performance Period under the Relative TSR section will refer to the Change in Control Performance Period. 

(b) The Ending Price for purposes of calculating Company TSR during the Change in Control Performance Period will equal the price payable for a Share in connection with the Change in Control, with the final determination of the amount so payable determined by the Administrator. If all (or a portion) of the price payable for a Share in connection with the Change in Control is stock of the acquiror, such stock will be valued in the same manner as the Ending Price was determined, except using the a acquiror closing market prices rather than the Company closing market prices. 

(c) The Ending Prices for each share of an Indexed Company will be the average of the closing market prices of such company s common stock on the principal exchange on which such stock is traded for two (2) calendar months ending on the last day of the Change in Control Performance Period. 

(d) Immediately prior to the Change in Control, the Administrator will certify in writing the Company TSR percentile rank relative to the Indexed Company TSRs and the number of Eligible RSUs. 

5 

(e) Notwithstanding Section 5 below, the number of Eligible RSUs that will vest and be settled upon the Change in Control equals the total Eligible RSUs for the Change in Control Performance Period pro-rated for the portion of Performance Period Three that has been completed through the effective date of the Change in Control, less any RSUs that vested (if at all) during Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. For example, if a Change of Control were to take effect on August 1, 2025, the number of Eligible RSUs that will vest and be settled upon the Change in Control equals 67 of the total Eligible RSUs for the Change in Control Performance Period, less any RSUs that vested (if at all) during Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. 

(f) Any remaining unvested Eligible RSUs will be subject to time-based vesting and will vest and be released to Participant on the Vesting Date, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through such Vesting Date. 

(g) For the avoidance of doubt, any existing double-trigger vesting acceleration provisions that apply to time-vested equity, whether under the Company s Change of Control and Severance Policy or another separate agreement, for Participant will apply to those Eligible RSUs subject to time-based vesting following a Change in Control. 

4. Maximum Value Cap with Respect to Performance Period Three or the Change in Control Performance Period 

The following limitation shall apply with respect to Performance Period Three or the Change in Control Performance Period (in the applicable case, the Designated Performance Period if the product of (x) the Achievement Percentage for the Designated Performance Period multiplied by (y) the Ending Price for the Designated Performance Period exceeds 144.40. In this situation, the Achievement Percentage for the Designated Performance Period will be reduced so that the product of (x) the Achievement Percentage for the Designated Performance Period multiplied by (y) the Ending Price for the Designated Performance Period equals 144.40. For the avoidance of doubt, the RSUs that would otherwise become Eligible RSUs under this paragraph will be reduced by RSUs that already vested (if any) during Performance Period One and Performance Period Two. 
 5. Vesting and Release 

Once the Administrator has determined the Achievement Percentage for a Performance Period, 100 of Participant s Eligible RSUs with respect to such Company TSRs for the Performance Period will vest and be released to Participant on the Vesting Date for that Performance Period, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through such Vesting Date. 
 
 6. Authority of the Administrator 

The determination of the Achievement Percentage for any Performance Period, in each case, will be made solely by the Administrator. In making its determination, the Administrator 
 6 

may take into account any factors that it deems applicable. The determination, decision or action of the Administrator with respect to this Award will be final, conclusive, and binding upon Participant, and will be given the maximum possible deference permitted by law. 
 
 7. Definitions 

For purposes of the above, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 Eligible RSUs shall mean, with respect to a Performance Period, the number, if any, of RSUs that will be eligible to vest and to be released to Participant for such Performance Period, calculated in accordance with the applicable table above, rounded downward to the nearest whole number. 
 Index means the NASDAQ Composite Index (which, as of the date of this Award Agreement, is represented by the symbol IXIC )) or any successor index thereto. 
 Indexed Companies means the companies in the Index as of the beginning of the Performance Period, excluding the Company and any companies that cease trading during the Performance Period as a result of being acquired. For the avoidance of doubt, if a company that is in the Index as of the beginning of a Performance Period makes an acquisition, is removed from the index, or goes in to bankruptcy, such company shall not be excluded as an Indexed Company for that Performance Period due to such changes. 
 Vesting Date shall mean: (x) September 15, 2024, with respect to Performance Period One; (y) September 15, 2025, with respect to Performance Period Two; and (z) September 15, 2026, with respect to Performance Period Three or the Change in Control Performance Period. 
 7 
 
 Exhibit 10.10 
 EXHIBIT A 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the individual named in the Notice of Grant (the Participant under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Award Agreement and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 19(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan will prevail. 

2. Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Sections 3 or 4 of this Award Agreement, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units. Prior to the actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. Any Restricted Stock Units that vest in accordance with Sections 3 or 4 of this Award Agreement will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares, subject to Participant satisfying any Tax-Related Items as set forth in Section 7 of this Award Agreement. Subject to the provisions of Section 4 of this Award Agreement, such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within the period of sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award Agreement. 

3. Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4 of this Award Agreement, and subject to Section 5 of this Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 

4. Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. For U.S. taxpayers, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Section 4 shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. 

Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company , other than due to death, and if (x) Participant is a specified employee within the 
 A- 1 

meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider , unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participant s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death . It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). For purposes of this Award Agreement, Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code, and any final U.S. Treasury Regulations and U.S. Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 
 5. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Award Agreement, the balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant s termination as a Service Provider for any or no reason and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. 

6. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to Participant s designated beneficiary, if so allowed by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or if no beneficiary survives Participant, the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is employed outside the United States, Participant is not permitted to designate a beneficiary under this Award Agreement. 

7. Tax Obligations . 

(a) General . Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant s employer (the Employer the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to Participant s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant Tax-Related Items ), is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former 

A- 2 

employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 

Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant will pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy all Tax-Related Items by withholding from Participant s wages or other cash compensation paid to Participant by the Company and/or the Employer or withholding from proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization) without further consent from Participant. 
 
 (b) Default Method of Tax Withholding . If permissible under applicable local law, the minimum federal, state, and local and foreign income, social insurance, payroll, employment and any other applicable taxes which the Employer determines must be withheld with respect to this Award Tax Withholding Obligation will be satisfied by Shares being sold on Participant s behalf at the prevailing market price pursuant to such procedures as the Company may specify from time to time, including through a broker-assisted arrangement (it being understood that the Shares to be sold must have vested pursuant to the terms of this Award Agreement and the Plan). In addition to Shares sold to satisfy the Tax Withholding Obligation, additional Shares will be sold to satisfy any associated broker or other fees. The proceeds from the sale will be used to satisfy Participant s Tax Withholding Obligation arising with respect to this Award and any associated broker or other fees. Only whole Shares will be sold. Any proceeds from the sale of Shares in excess of the Tax Withholding Obligation and any associated broker or other fees will be paid to Participant in accordance with procedures the Company may specify from time to time. By accepting this Award, Participant expressly consents to the sale of Shares to cover the Tax Withholding Obligation and any associated broker or other fees and agrees that Participant may not satisfy them by any means other than such sale of Shares, unless required to do so by the Administrator or pursuant to the Administrator s express written consent. 

(c) Administrator Discretion . If the Administrator determines that Participant cannot satisfy Participant s Tax Withholding Obligation through the default procedure described in Section 7(b), it may permit Participant to satisfy Participant s Tax Withholding Obligation by (i) delivering to the Company Shares that Participant owns and that have vested with a fair market value equal to the amount required to be withheld, (ii) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a value equal to the minimum amount statutorily required to be withheld, (iii) payment by Participant in cash, or (iv) such other means as the Administrator deems appropriate. 

A- 3 

(d) Executive Officers and Directors . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Participant is an executive officer within the meaning of Rule 16(a)(1)(f) under the Exchange Act or a Director, then the Tax Withholding Obligation will be satisfied by the Company by having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a value equal to the minimum amount statutorily required to be withheld. 

(e) Company s Obligation to Deliver Shares . For clarification purposes, in no event will the Company issue Participant any Shares unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made for the payment of Participant s Tax Withholding Obligation. If Participant fails to do so by the time they become due, Participant will permanently forfeit Participant s Restricted Stock Units to which Participant s Tax Withholding Obligation relates, as well as any right to receive Shares otherwise issuable pursuant to those Restricted Stock Units. 

8. Nature of Grant . In accepting the award, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that: 

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan; 

(b) the Award of Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been awarded in the past; 

(c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 

(d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

(e) the Award of Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation provided by the Employer or required under applicable law; 

(f) the Award of Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, holiday pay, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar mandatory payments; 

(g) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

A- 4 

(h) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Common Stock; 

(i) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, in writing, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of a Subsidiary of the Company; 

(j) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan or Participant s acquisition or sale of Shares. Participant should consult with his or her personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan; 

(k) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of Participant as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any); and 

(l) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 

9. Data Privacy . 

(a) Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant s personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other grant materials Data by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant s participation in the Plan. 

(b) Participant understands that the Company and the Employer may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address and telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance, passport or other identification number (e.g., resident registration number), salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. 

(c) Participant understands that Data will be transferred to E Trade Financial Services, Inc. or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by the Company from time to time (the Designated Broker ), which is assisting the Company with the implementation, 

A- 5 

administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients country (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant s country. Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative. 

(d) Participant authorizes the Company, the Designated Broker and any possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan. Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan. Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative. 

(e) Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her employment status or service with the Employer will not be affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant s consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of Participant s refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative. 

10. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant. After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and the receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

11. No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER, AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, 

A- 6 

FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

12. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at Nutanix, Inc., 1740 Technology Drive, Suite 150, San Jose, CA 95110, USA or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 

13. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and may not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 

14. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Award Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 

15. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Shares . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or foreign law, the tax code and related regulations or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of the payment of any Shares will violate any state, federal or foreign securities or exchange laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation. The Company has sole discretion in its efforts to meet the requirements of any such local, state, federal or foreign law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. 

16. Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement. 

A- 7 

17. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

18. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement. 

19. Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Award Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Award Agreement. 

20. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan, or Participant s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant understands and agrees that Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

21. Modifications to the Award Agreement . This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Award Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable for any legal or administrative reasons, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, including but not limited to the compliance with Section 409A. 

22. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 

23. Governing Law and Venue . This Award Agreement will be governed by the laws of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California , and agree that such litigation will be conducted in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where the Award of Restricted Stock Units is made and/or to be performed. 

A- 8 

24. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

25. Language . By accepting this Award, Participant acknowledges that he or she is sufficiently proficient in the English language, or has consulted with an advisor who is sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow Participant to understand the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. Further, if Participant has received this Award Agreement, or any other document related to this Award of Restricted Stock Units and/or the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 

26. Insider Trading Restrictions and Market Abuse Laws . Depending on Participant s country, the country of the broker or the country in which Shares are listed, Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States, Participant s country or the designated broker s country, which may affect his or her ability to accept, acquire, sell or attempt to sell or otherwise dispose of Shares, rights to Shares e.g. , Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of the Shares under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before he or she possessed inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing insider information to any third party, including fellow employees (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider trading policy. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable restrictions, and that Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter. 

27. Exchange Control, Foreign Asset/Account and/or Tax Reporting . Participant s country may have certain exchange control and/or foreign asset/account reporting requirements which may affect Participant s ability to acquire or hold Shares under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any sale proceeds resulting from the sale of Shares) in a brokerage or bank account outside of Participant s country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in Participant s country. Participant also may be required to repatriate cash received from participating in the Plan to Participant s country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain period of time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is Participant s responsibility to comply with any applicable regulations, and that Participant should speak to a personal legal or tax advisor on this matter. 

28. Country-Specific Terms and Conditions . Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, this Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the Country-Specific Terms and Conditions for Participant s country attached to this Award Agreement as Exhibit B . Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included therein, the terms and conditions 

A- 9 

for such country will apply to Participant to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Country-Specific Terms and Conditions constitute part of this Award Agreement. 

29. Waiver . Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Award Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Award Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other participant. 

A- 10 

EXHIBIT B 
 COUNTRY-SPECIFIC 
 TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 [separately attached] 
 B- 1 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ntnx-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF NUTANIX, INC. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 

Nutanix Netherlands B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ntnx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-227491, 333-227513, and 333-249022 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-272384, 333-267539, 333 213888, 333 220517, 333 227490, 333-233499, 333 236925, 333-248992, and 333-259700 on Form S 8 of our reports dated September 21, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Nutanix, Inc. and the effectiveness of Nutanix, Inc. s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended July 31, 2023. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 September 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ntnx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rajiv Ramaswami, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nutanix, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rajiv Ramaswami 

Rajiv Ramaswami 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ntnx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Rukmini Sivaraman, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nutanix, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rukmini Sivaraman 

Rukmini Sivaraman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ntnx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rajiv Ramaswami, certify pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nutanix, Inc. for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Nutanix, Inc. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rajiv Ramaswami 

Rajiv Ramaswami 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ntnx-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rukmini Sivaraman, certify pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Nutanix, Inc. for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and that the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Nutanix, Inc. 

Date: September 21, 2023 
 
 /s/ Rukmini Sivaraman 

Rukmini Sivaraman 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ntnx-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ntnx-20230731_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ntnx-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 ntnx-20230731.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 ntnx-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

