<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1520118_0001477932-23-007190.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4138125</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>191729</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>808855</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>975729</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>947462</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1132007</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-007190.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928170030
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-007190
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		55
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTEGRATED VENTURES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001520118
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				821725385
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55681
		FILM NUMBER:		231290648

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18385 ROUTE 287
		CITY:			TIOGA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16946
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(215) 613-9898

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18385 ROUTE 287
		CITY:			TIOGA
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16946

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMS FIND, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150320

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIGHTCOLLAR, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110506

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-007190.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 intv_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

intv_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from __________ to __________ Commission file number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None. Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files. No . Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . On December 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was [ ] based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant as reported on the OTC Markets system of [ ]. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of 5 or more of its Common Stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant. As of September 28, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock, 0.001 par value, issued and outstanding. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 7 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2. Properties 15 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 15 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 15 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 16 Item 6. Reserved 17 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 17 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 24 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 25 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 45 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 45 Item 9B. Other Information 45 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 46 Item 11. Executive Compensation 47 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 48 Item 13. Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 50 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 50 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 51 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 51 2 Table of Contents Forward-Looking Statements All statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than historical fact or present financial information, may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements that address activities, outcomes and other matters that should or may occur in the future, including, without limitation, statement regarding the financial position, business strategy, growth, projections and other plans and objectives for our future operations, are forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements, they are no guarantees of future performance. We have no obligation and make no undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, except as may be required by law. Forward-looking statements include the items identified in the preceding paragraph, information concerning possible or assumed future results of operations and other statements in this Annual Report, and can be identified by terminology such as may, will, should, expects, intend, anticipates, believes, could, estimates, plans, potential, predicts, project, or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Readers of this Annual Report on Form 10-K should carefully consider such risks, uncertainties and other information, disclosures and discussions which contain cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those provided in forward-looking statements. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. As used in this annual report, the terms we, us, our, the Company, and Integrated Ventures mean Integrated Ventures, Inc., unless otherwise indicated. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business. We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 22, 2013 under the name Lightcollar, Inc. On March 22, 2015, we changed our name to EMS Find, Inc., and in July 2017, we changed our name to Integrated Ventures, Inc. We have discontinued our prior operations and changed our business focus from our prior technologies relating to the EMS Find platform to acquiring, launching, and operating companies in the cryptocurrency sector, mainly in digital currency mining and sales of branded mining rigs. Our offices are located at 18385 Route 287, Tioga, PA 16946. As of June 30, 2023, the Company owned a total of approximately 2,427 miners in two locations, Tioga, Pennsylvania and Granbury, Texas. During a prior year and due to PetaWatt s financial difficulties, the Company discontinued its cryptocurrency mining operations in New York. All mining equipment previously operating in New York has been relocated to Tioga, Pennsylvania. During the prior and current years, new Bitmain miners were delivered to Tioga, Pennsylvania, Kearney, Nebraska, and Granbury, Texas. All miners located in Kearney, Nebraska were relocated to Granbury, Texas during the current year. The miners located in Granbury, Texas were connected and placed into service as of January 1, 2023. The Company will need to continue to (1) raise capital to purchase new mining equipment, (2) sell older and no longer profitable models, and (3) expand cryptocurrency mining equipment to new locations. Cryptocurrency Mining Digital tokens are built on a distributed ledger infrastructure often referred to as a blockchain. These tokens can provide various rights, and cryptocurrency is a type of digital token, designed as a medium of exchange. Other digital tokens provide rights to use assets or services, or in some cases represent ownership interests. Cryptocurrencies, for example Bitcoin, are digital software that run on a blockchain platform, which is a decentralized, immutable ledger of transactions, and essentially function as a digital form of money. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin are not sponsored by any government or a single entity. Bitcoin is one type of intangible digital asset that is issued by, and transmitted through, an open source, math-based protocol platform using cryptographic security (the Bitcoin Network ). The Bitcoin Network, for example, is an online, peer-to-peer user network that hosts the digital public transaction ledger, known as the blockchain, and the source code that comprises the basis for the cryptography and math-based protocols governing the Bitcoin Network. No single entity owns or operates the Bitcoin Network, the infrastructure of which is collectively maintained by a decentralized user base. Bitcoin can be used to pay for goods and services or can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the US Dollar, at rates determined on bitcoin exchanges or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a barter system. Bitcoin, for example, is stored on the blockchain, which is a digital file stored in a decentralized manner on the computers of each Bitcoin Network or as applicable to other cryptocurrency users. A blockchain records the transaction history of all bitcoins in existence and, through the transparent reporting of transactions, allows the cryptocurrency network to verify the association of each bitcoin with the digital wallet that owns them. The network and software programs can interpret the blockchain to determine the exact balance, if any, of any digital wallet listed in the blockchain as having taken part in a transaction on the cryptocurrency network. Mining is the process by which bitcoins, for example, are created resulting in new blocks being added to the blockchain and new bitcoins being issued to the miners. Miners engage in a set of prescribed complex mathematical calculations in order to add a block to the blockchain and thereby confirm cryptocurrency transactions included in that block s data. Miners that are successful in adding a block to the blockchain are automatically awarded a fixed number of bitcoins for their effort. To begin mining, a user can download and run the network mining software, which turns the user s computer into a node on the network that validates blocks. All bitcoin transactions are recorded in blocks added to the blockchain. Each block contains the details of some or all of the most recent transactions that are not memorialized in prior blocks, a reference to the most recent prior block, and a record of the award of bitcoins to the miner who added the new block. Each unique block can only be solved and added to the blockchain by one miner; therefore, all individual miners and mining pools on the cryptocurrency network are engaged in a competitive process and are incentivized to increase their computing power to improve their likelihood of solving for new blocks. The method for creating new bitcoins is mathematically controlled in a manner so that the supply of bitcoins grows at a limited rate pursuant to a predetermined schedule. Mining economics has also been much more pressured by the Difficulty Rate - a computation used by miners to determine the amount of computing power required to mine bitcoin. The Difficulty Rate is directly influenced by the total size of the entire Bitcoin network. The Bitcoin network has grown 15-fold in the past year, resulting in a 15-fold increase in difficulty. Today, assuming Bitcoin is valued at 26,500, the network requires the computing power of approximately 4,000 Bitmain S19 miners to mine one Bitcoin per day, using approximately 11 MegaWatt of power supply. Meanwhile, demand from miners also drove up hardware and power prices, the largest costs of production. This deliberately controlled rate of bitcoin creation means that the number of bitcoins in existence will never exceed 21 million and that bitcoins cannot be devalued through excessive production unless the Bitcoin Network s source code (and the underlying protocol for bitcoin issuance) is altered. Mining pools have developed in which multiple miners act cohesively and combine their processing power to solve blocks. When a pool solves a new block, the participating mining pool members split the resulting reward based on the processing power they each contributed to solve for such block. The mining pool operator provides a service that coordinates the workers. Fees are paid to the mining pool operator to cover the costs of maintaining the pool. The pool uses software that coordinates the pool members hashing power, identifies new block rewards, records how much work all the participants are doing, and assigns block rewards in proportion to the participants efforts. While we do not pay pool fees directly, pool fees (approximately 2 to 5 are deducted from amounts we may otherwise earn. Participation in such pools is essential for our mining business. Our Cryptocurrency Operations We utilize and rely on cryptocurrency pools to mine cryptocurrencies and generate a mixed selection of digital cryptocurrencies, mainly BTC. Cryptocurrency payouts, net of applicable fees, are paid to us by the pool operator, Foundry Digital, LLC, and the digital currency produced is either stored in a wallet (Coinbase/Gemini) or sold in open market. Payout proceeds are automatically deposited in our corporate bank accounts. As Bitcoin gains wider recognition and financial regulatory institutions place increased emphasis on security and compliance within the blockchain industry. Our USA based service providers, Foundry Digital (pool operator) and Gemini (crypto exchange) have successfully passed SOC2 certification in 2023. 4 Table of Contents In our digital currency mining operations, various models of miners are owned and deployed by the Company. When funds are available and market conditions allow, we also invest in certain denominations of cryptocurrencies to complement our mining operations. We consider these investments similar to marketable securities where we purchase and hold the cryptocurrencies for sale. We report realized gains and losses on the sales of cryptocurrencies and mark our portfolio of cryptocurrencies to market at the end of each quarterly reporting period, reporting unrealized gains or losses on the investments. Other developments during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 In September 2022, the Company entered into two letter agreements in connection with a previous offering described as follows. On March 30, 2021, Integrated Ventures, Inc. (the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the Purchase Agreements with two institutional investors (the Purchasers ), for the offering (the Offering of (i) 30,000,000 shares of common stock Shares ), par value 0.001 per share, of the Company Common Stock and (ii) common stock purchase warrants Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 30,000,000 shares of Common Stock, which are exercisable for a period of five years after issuance at an initial exercise price of 0.30 per share, subject to certain adjustments, as provided in the Warrants, with each of the Purchasers receiving Warrants in the amount equal to 100 of the number of Shares purchased by such Purchaser and each Share and accompanying Warrant offered at a combined offering price of 0.30. On September 13, 2022, the Company and one of the Purchasers entered into a letter agreement (the September 13 Amendment Agreement whereby the Company agreed to amend the terms of such Purchaser s Warrants to purchase up to 15 million shares to provide effective as of June 29, 2022 reduce the exercise price thereof to 0.001, subject to adjustment therein, and waive the exploding feature of the Anti-Dilution Provision in the Warrant that would otherwise have effected an increase in the number of warrant shares as a result of an exercise price reduction so as to result in the same aggregate value of the warrant shares multiplied by the exercise price. Additionally, other than an Exempt Issuance, as defined in the Warrants, from the date hereof until 90 days after the date hereof, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company may issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Warrants). On September 15, 2022, the Company and the other Purchaser entered into a letter agreement (the September 15 Amendment Agreement whereby the Company agreed to amend the terms of such Purchaser s Warrants to purchase up to 15 million shares, effective as of August 30, 2022, to reduce the exercise price thereof to 0.001, subject to adjustment therein, and waive the exploding feature of the Anti-Dilution Provision in the Warrant that would otherwise have effected an increase in the number of warrant shares as a result of an exercise price reduction so as to result in the same aggregate value of the warrant shares multiplied by the exercise price. Additionally, other than an Exempt Issuance, as defined in the Warrants, from the date hereof until 90 days after the date hereof, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company may issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Warrants). On January 19, 2023, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a letter agreement whereby the Company agreed to amend the terms of such Purchaser s Warrants to purchase up to 11 million shares to provide effective as of August 30, 2022. The amendment reduced the exercise price thereof to 0.001, subject to adjustment therein, and waived the exploding feature of the Anti-Dilution Provision in the Warrant that would otherwise have effected an increase in the number of warrant shares as a result of an exercise price reduction so as to result in the same aggregate value of the warrant shares multiplied by the exercise price. On April 17, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-125 reverse split of the Company s common shares. The reverse split has been given retroactive effect in the financial statements for all periods presented. The Digital Currency Markets and Trend Information The value of bitcoins is determined by the supply and demand of bitcoins in the bitcoin exchange market (and in private end-user-to-end-user transactions), as well as the number of merchants that accept them. As bitcoin transactions can be broadcast to the Bitcoin Network by any user s bitcoin software and bitcoins can be transferred without the involvement of intermediaries or third parties, there are little or no transaction costs in direct peer-to-peer transactions on the Bitcoin Network. Third party service providers such as crypto currency exchanges and bitcoin third party payment processing services may charge significant fees for processing transactions and for converting, or facilitating the conversion of, bitcoins to or from fiat currency. Under the peer-to-peer framework of the Bitcoin Network, transferors and recipients of bitcoins are able to determine the value of the bitcoins transferred by mutual agreement, the most common means of determining the value of a bitcoin being by surveying one or more bitcoin exchanges where bitcoins are publicly bought, sold and traded, i.e., the Bitcoin Exchange Market Bitcoin Exchange ). 5 Table of Contents On each Bitcoin Exchange, bitcoins are traded with publicly disclosed valuations for each transaction, measured by one or more fiat currencies. Bitcoin Exchanges report publicly on their site the valuation of each transaction and bid and ask prices for the purchase or sale of bitcoins. Market participants can choose the Bitcoin Exchange on which to buy or sell bitcoins. To date, while the SEC has brought several enforcement actions against and rejected many proposals for bitcoin ETF s, citing lack of enough transparency in the cryptocurrency markets to be sure that prices are not being manipulated, the SEC has approved several bitcoin futures ETFs. Although the cryptocurrency markets have been historically volatile and have weathered several up and down cycles over the past few years, recently these markets have been in a selloff phase for the past several months, possibly reflecting doubts as to the applicability of digital currencies in commercial applications and other factors. In this selloff, prices of digital currencies other than Bitcoin have experienced deeper percentage declines than Bitcoin. The most recent trading range for Bitcoin is 16,000 to 30,000. Other cryptocurrencies have experienced more substantial declines, than Bitcoin s recent decline. Our revenues are directly affected by the Bitcoin market price specifically, which is the market leader for prices of all cryptocurrencies. In recent weeks, regulatory crackdowns have also weighed on prices. The SEC recently announced its first civil penalties against cryptocurrency founders as part of a wide regulatory and legal crackdown on fraud and abuses in the industry. Competition In cryptocurrency mining, companies, individuals and groups generate units of cryptocurrency through mining. Miners can range from individual enthusiasts to professional mining operations with dedicated data centers, with all of which we compete. Miners may organize themselves in mining pools, with which we would compete. The Company currently participates in mining pools and may decide to invest or initiate operations in mining pools. At present, the information concerning the activities of these enterprises is not readily available as the vast majority of the participants in this sector do not publish information publicly or the information may be unreliable. Government Regulation Government regulation of blockchain and cryptocurrency under review with a number of government agencies, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Federal Trade Commission and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, and in other countries. State government regulations also may apply to certain activities such as cryptocurrency exchanges (bitlicense, banking and money transmission regulations) and other activities. Other bodies which may have an interest in regulating or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain or cryptocurrency business include the national securities exchanges and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, the Company may in its mining activities become subject to new laws, and further regulation by the SEC and other agencies. On November 16, 2018, the SEC issued a Statement on Digital Asset Securities Issuance and Trading, in which it emphasized that market participants must still adhere to the SEC s well-established and well-functioning federal securities law framework when dealing with technological innovations, regardless of whether the securities are issued in certificated form or using new technologies, such as blockchain. On March 9, 2022 President Biden signed an executive order on cryptocurrencies. While the executive order did not mandate any specific regulations, it instructs various federal agencies to consider potential regulatory measures, including the evaluation of the creation of a U.S. Central Bank digital currency. Future changes to existing regulations or entirely new regulations may affect our business in ways it is not presently possible for us to predict with any reasonable degree of reliability. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws and regulation which may affect our mining and other activities. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business, see the Section entitled Risk Factors herein. Blockchain and cryptocurrency regulations are in a nascent state with agencies investigating businesses and their practices, gathering information, and generally trying to understand the risks and uncertainties in order to protect investors in these businesses and in cryptocurrencies generally. Various bills have also been proposed in Congress for adoption related to our business which may be adopted and have an impact on us. The offer and sale of digital assets in initial coin offerings, which is not an activity we expect to pursue, has been a central focus of recent regulatory inquiries. On November 16, 2018, the SEC settled with two cryptocurrency startups, and reportedly has more than 100 investigations into cryptocurrency related ventures, according to a codirector of the SEC s enforcement division Wall Street Journal, November 17- 18, 2018). An annual report by the SEC shows that digital currency scams are among the agency s top enforcement priorities. The SEC is focused in particular on Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), which involve the sale of digital tokens related to blockchain projects. Many such projects have failed to deliver on their promises or turned out to be outright scams. In the past year, the enforcement division has opened dozens of investigations involving ICOs and digital assets, many of which were ongoing at the close of FY 2018, the SEC states in a section of the report titled ICOs and Digital Assets. Moreover, in recent months, members of Congress have made inquiries into the regulation of crypto assets, and Gary Gensler, Chair of the SEC, has made public statements regarding increased regulatory oversight of crypto assets. Financial As of June 30, 2023, we operated our cryptocurrency mining operations in two hosting facilities, located in Tioga, Pennsylvania and Granbury, Texas. Effective January 1, 2023, we launched mining operations in Granbury, Texas. The hosting and power purchase agreements for both facilities require the Company to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The Company is aggressively looking to expand its power capacity and is currently negotiating purchase or investment in multiple real estate properties capable of being deployed as data centers for cryptocurrency mining operations. 6 Table of Contents Our mining pool services are exclusively provided by Foundry Digital, LLC, a company bases in the United States. Revenues from our cryptocurrency mining operations were 3,862,849 and 4,871,473 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenues from the sales of crypto currency mining equipment were 0 and 1,678,660 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. When funds are available and market conditions allow, we also invest in certain denominations of cryptocurrencies to complement our mining operations. We consider these investments similar to marketable securities where we purchase and hold the cryptocurrencies for sale. We report realized gains and losses on the sales of cryptocurrencies net of transaction costs. As of June 30, 2023, our digital currencies at cost totaled 447,425 and were comprised of multiple denominations, primarily of Bitcoin (BTC). Historically, we have funded our operations primarily from cash generated from our digital currency mining operations and proceeds from convertible notes payable and preferred stock. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we generated sufficient cash flow from operations and from the sale of digital currencies and were not required to enter any convertible note agreements or sell preferred stock. Additional Capital Requirements To continue to operate, complete and successfully operate our digital currency mining facilities and to fund future operations, we may need to raise additional capital for expansion or other expenses of operations. The amount and timing of future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the timing and results of our ongoing mining operations, and potential new development and administrative support expenses. We anticipate that we will seek to fund our operations through our cryptocurrency mining operations, further liquidation of our marketable securities, public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as potential collaboration agreements. If additional financing is required, we cannot be certain that it will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Employees and Employment Agreements We presently have one full time employee, Steve Rubakh, our sole officer and director, who devotes 100 of his time to our operations. In addition, we rely on a group of subcontractors to build, install, manage, monitor and service our mining equipment. We presently do not have pension, health, annuity, insurance, stock options, profit sharing or similar benefit plans; however, we may adopt such plans in the future. There are presently no personal benefits available to any officers, directors or employees; however, we at times do reimburse Mr. Rubakh for certain health insurance and medical costs. Available Information All reports of the Company filed with the SEC are available free of charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may also obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Risks Related to Our Business Because we are an early-stage company with minimal revenue and a history of losses and we expect to continue to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future, we cannot assure you that we can or will be able to operate profitably. We have incurred losses since our organization, and are subject to the risks common to start-up, pre-revenue enterprises, including, among other factors, undercapitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial and other resources and lack of revenues. We cannot assure you that we will be able to operate profitably or generate positive cash flow. If we cannot achieve profitability, we may be forced to cease operations and you may suffer a total loss of your investment. An investment in the company must be considered speculative since our operations are dependent on the market value of Bitcoin. Our operations are dependent on the continued viable market performance of cryptocurrencies that we market and, in particular, the market value of Bitcoin. The decision to pursue blockchain and digital currency businesses exposes the Company to risks associated with a new and untested strategic direction. Under the current accounting rules, cryptocurrency is not cash, currency or a financial asset, but an indefinite-lived intangible asset; declines in the market price of cryptocurrencies would be included in earnings, whereas increases in value beyond the original cost or recoveries of previous declines in value would not be captured. The prices of digital currencies have varied wildly in recent periods and reflects bubble type volatility, meaning that high prices may have little or no merit, may be subject to rapidly changing investor sentiment, and may be influenced by factors such as technology, regulatory void or changes, fraudulent actors, manipulation and media reporting. 7 Table of Contents Bitcoin is subject to halving; the reward for successfully solving a block will halve several times in the future and its value may not adjust to compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our mining efforts. Halving is a process designed to control the overall supply and reduce the risk of inflation in cryptocurrencies using a Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm. In an event referred to as Bitcoin halving, the Bitcoin reward for mining any block is cut in half. For example, the mining reward for Bitcoin declined from 12.5 to 6.25 Bitcoin on May 11, 2020. This process is scheduled to occur once every 210,000 blocks, or roughly four years, until the total amount of Bitcoin rewards issued reaches 21 million, which is expected to occur around 2140. In April 2024, the mining reward for Bitcoin is expected to decline from 6.25 to 3.125 Bitcoin. Once 21 million Bitcoin are generated, the network will stop producing more. Currently, there are more than 19 million Bitcoin in circulation. While Bitcoin prices have had a history of price fluctuations around halving events, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining reward. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the price of Bitcoin does not follow these anticipated halving events, the revenue from our mining operations would decrease, and we may not have an adequate incentive to continue mining and may cease mining operations altogether, which may adversely affect an investment in us. Furthermore, such reductions in Bitcoin rewards for uncovering blocks may result in a reduction in the aggregate hashrate of the Bitcoin network as the incentive for miners decreases. Miners ceasing operations would reduce the collective processing power on the network, which would adversely affect the confirmation process for transactions and make the Bitcoin network more vulnerable to malicious actors or botnets obtaining control in excess of 50 of the processing power active on the blockchain. Such events may adversely affect our activities and an investment in us. While Bitcoin prices have historically increased around these halving events, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the price of the Bitcoin does not follow future halving events, the revenue we earn from our mining operations would see a decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Recent developments in the digital asset economy have led to extreme volatility and disruption in digital asset markets, a loss of confidence in participants of the digital asset ecosystem, significant negative publicity surrounding digital assets broadly and market-wide declines in liquidity. Since the fourth quarter of 2021 to date in 2023, digital asset prices have fluctuated widely. This has led to volatility and disruption in the digital asset markets and financial difficulties for several prominent industry participants, including digital asset exchanges, hedge funds and lending platforms. For example, in the first half of 2022, digital asset lenders Celsius Network LLC and Voyager Digital Ltd. and digital asset hedge fund Three Arrows Capital each declared bankruptcy. This resulted in a loss of confidence in participants in the digital asset ecosystem, negative publicity surrounding digital assets more broadly and market-wide declines in digital asset trading prices and liquidity. Thereafter, in November 2022, FTX, the third largest Digital Asset Exchange by volume at the time, halted customer withdrawals amid rumors of the company s liquidity issues and likely insolvency. Shortly thereafter, FTX s CEO resigned and FTX and several affiliates of FTX filed for bankruptcy. The U.S. Department of Justice subsequently brought criminal charges, including charges of fraud, violations of federal securities laws, money laundering, and campaign finance offenses, against FTX s former CEO and others. FTX is also under investigation by the SEC, the Justice Department, and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as well as by various regulatory authorities in the Bahamas, Europe and other jurisdictions. In response to these events, the digital asset markets have experienced extreme price volatility and declines in liquidity. In addition, several other entities in the digital asset industry filed for bankruptcy following FTX s bankruptcy filing, such as BlockFi Inc. and Genesis Global Capital, LLC, a subsidiary of Genesis Global Holdco, LLC Genesis Holdco ). The SEC also brought charges against Genesis Global Capital, LLC and Gemini Trust Company, LLC on January 12, 2023 for their alleged unregistered offer and sale of securities to retail investors. Furthermore, Genesis Holdco, together with certain of its subsidiaries, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in January 2023. While Genesis Trust Company is not a service provider, cryptocurrency payouts, net of applicable fees, are paid to us by the pool operator, Foundry Digital, LLC, and the digital currency produced is either stored in a wallet (Coinbase/Gemini) or sold in open market. These events have led to a substantial increase in regulatory and enforcement scrutiny of the industry as a whole and of digital asset exchanges in particular, including from the DOJ, the SEC, the CFTC, the White House and Congress. In September 2017, the SEC created a new division known as the Cyber Unit to address, among other things, violations involving distributed ledger technology and ICOs, and filed a civil complaint in the Eastern District of New York charging a businessman and two companies with defrauding investors in a pair of so-called ICOs purportedly backed by investments in real estate and diamonds. Subsequently, the SEC has filed several orders instituting cease-and-desist proceedings against certain entities in connection with their unregistered offerings of tokens for failing to register a hedge fund formed for the purpose of investing in digital assets as an investment company for failing to register as a broker-dealer, even though it did not meet the definition of an exchange for failing either to register as a national securities exchange or to operate pursuant to an exemption from registration as an exchange after creating a platform that clearly fell within the definition of an exchange. On March 9, 2022, President Biden signed an executive order on cryptocurrencies. While the executive order did not mandate any specific regulations, it instructs various federal agencies to consider potential regulatory measures, including the evaluation of the creation of a U.S. Central Bank digital currency. We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of digital assets under the law, including, but not limited to, whether digital assets will be classified as a security, commodity, currency and/or new or other existing classification. Such additional regulations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely affecting an investment in us. If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain or all of our operations. Any such action could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and civil or criminal monetary fines and penalties as a result of any regulatory enforcement actions, all of which could harm our reputation and affect the value of our common stock. On April 4, 2022, shortly after President Biden s executive order, SEC Chairman Gary Gensler announced that he has instructed the SEC staff to work (i) to register and regulate digital asset platforms like securities exchanges; (ii) with the CFTC on how to jointly address digital asset platforms that trade both securities and non-securities; (iii) on segregating out digital asset platforms custody of customer assets, if appropriate; and (iv) on segregating out the market making functions of digital asset platforms, if appropriate. These efforts have a high likelihood or result in new interpretations or regulations that would have material effects on our business that are impossible to predict. 8 Table of Contents In June 2023, SEC brought charges against Binance and Coinbase, two of the largest digital asset trading platforms, alleging that they solicited U.S. investors to buy, sell, and trade crypto asset securities through their unregistered trading platforms and operated unregistered securities exchanges, brokerages and clearing agencies. Binance subsequently announced that it would be suspending USD deposits and withdrawals on Binance.US and that it plans to delist its USD trading pairs. The SEC s actions against Binance and Coinbase led to further volatility in digital asset prices. Further, in March 2023, the FDIC accepted Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank into receivership. Also, in March 2023, Silvergate Bank announced plans to wind down and liquidate its operations. Following these events, a number of companies that provide digital asset-related services have been unable to find banks that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and banking services. Although these events did not have a material impact on us, it is possible that a future closing of a bank with which we have a relationship could subject us to adverse conditions and pose challenges in finding an alternative suitable bank to provide us with bank accounts and banking services. These events are continuing to develop at a rapid pace and it is not possible to predict at this time all of the risks that they may pose to us, our miners, and/or our third party service providers, or on the digital asset industry as a whole. Continued disruption and instability in the digital asset markets as these events develop, including further declines in the trading prices and liquidity of Bitcoin, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and shares held by our investors could lose some or all of their value. Natural disasters and geo-political events could adversely affect our business. Natural disasters, including hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, floods, earthquakes and tsunamis, weather conditions, including winter storms, droughts and tornados, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, and geo-political events, including civil unrest or terrorist attacks, that affect us, or other service providers could adversely affect our business. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings collaborations and strategic and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, current stockholders ownership interest in the Company will be diluted. In addition, the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that materially adversely affect their rights as a stockholder. Debt financing, if available, would increase our fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaboration, strategic alliance and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates, our intellectual property, future revenue streams or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems and infrastructure (cyber security). Our operations are potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, unauthorized access and other events such as computer hackings, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software. Likewise, data privacy breaches by employees and others with permitted access to our systems may pose a risk that sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. It is critical that our systems provide a continued and uninterrupted performance for our business to generate revenues. There can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent significant breakdowns, breaches in our systems or other cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon our business, operations or financial condition of the Company. If we are unable to attract, train and retain technical and financial personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected. Our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract, train and retain key management, technical, regulatory and financial personnel. Recruiting and retaining capable personnel with experience in pharmaceutical products is vital to our success. There is substantial competition for qualified personnel, and competition is likely to increase. We cannot assure you we will be able to attract or retain the technical and financial personnel we require. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified employees, our business may be materially and adversely affected. We depend heavily on our chief executive officer, and his departure could harm our business. The expertise and efforts of Steve Rubakh, our Chief Executive Officer, are critical to the success of our business. The loss of Mr. Rubakh s services could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to operate our Company. Our auditors report includes a going concern paragraph. Our financial statements include a going-concern qualification from our auditors, which expresses doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We have operated at a loss since inception. Our ability to operate profitably is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing for our operations. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that take into consideration the uncertainty of our ability to continue operations. 9 Table of Contents Risks Relating Generally to Our Operations and Technology Currently, there is relatively limited use of Bitcoin in the retail and commercial marketplace in comparison to relatively large use by speculators, thus contributing to price volatility that could adversely affect our results of operations. Bitcoin has only recently become accepted as a means of payment for goods and services by certain major retail and commercial outlets and use of Bitcoin by consumers to pay such retail and commercial outlets remains limited. Conversely, a significant portion of Bitcoin demand is generated by speculators and investors seeking to profit from the short- or long-term holding of Bitcoin. Many industry commentators believe that Bitcoin s best use case is as a store of wealth, rather than as a currency for transactions, and that other cryptocurrencies having better scalability and faster settlement times will better serve as currency. This could limit Bitcoin s acceptance as transactional currency. A lack of expansion by Bitcoin into retail and commercial markets, or a contraction of such use, may result in increased volatility or a reduction in the Bitcoin Index Price, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations. We are reliant on pools of users or miners that are the sole outlet for sales of cryptocurrencies that we mine. We do not have the ability to sell our cryptocurrency production directly on the exchanges or markets that are currently where cryptocurrencies are purchased and traded. Pools are operated to pool the production on a daily of companies mining cryptocurrencies, and these pools are our sole means of selling our production of cryptocurrencies. Absent access to such pools, we would be forced to seek a different method of access to the cryptocurrency markets. There is no assurance that we could arrange any alternate access to dispose of our mining production. We may not be able to respond quickly enough to changes in technology and technological risks, and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products. Changes in legislative, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our planned products obsolete or less attractive. Our mining equipment may become obsolete, and our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to remain competitive. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to remain competitive or that certain of our products will not become obsolete. The SEC is continuing its probes into public companies that appear to incorporate and seek to capitalize on blockchain technology, and may increase those efforts with novel regulatory regimes and determine to issue additional regulations applicable to the conduct of our business or broadening disclosures in our filings under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As the SEC stated previously, it is continuing to scrutinize and commence enforcement actions against companies, advisors and investors involved in the offering of cryptocurrencies and related activities. At least one Federal Court has held that cryptocurrencies are securities for certain purposes under the Federal Securities Laws. According to a report published by Lex Machina, securities litigation in general and those that are related to blockchain, cryptocurrency or bitcoin specifically, showed a marked increase during the first two quarters of 2018 as compared to 2017. The total number of securities cases that referenced blockchain, cryptocurrency or bitcoin in the pleadings tripled in the first half of 2018 alone compared to 2017. On the same day, the SEC announced its first charge against unregistered broker-dealers for selling digital tokens after the SEC issued The DAO Report in 2017. The SEC charged TokenLot LLC (TokenLot), a self-described ICO Superstore , and its owners, Lenny Kugel and Eli L. Lewitt, with failing to register as broker-dealers. On November 16, 2018 the SEC settled with two cryptocurrency startups, and reportedly has more than 100 investigations into cryptocurrency related ventures, according to a codirector of the SEC s enforcement. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, the Company may in its mining activities become subject to new laws, and further regulation by the SEC and other federal and state agencies. On February 11, 2020, the SEC filed charges against an Ohio-based businessman who allegedly orchestrated a digital asset scheme that defrauded approximately 150 investors, including many physicians. The agency alleges that Michael W. Ackerman, along with two business partners, raised at least 33 million by claiming to investors that he had developed a proprietary algorithm that allowed him to generate extraordinary profits while trading in cryptocurrencies. The SEC s complaint alleges that Ackerman misled investors about the performance of his digital currency trading, his use of investor funds, and the safety of investor funds in the Q3 trading account. The complaint further alleges that Ackerman doctored computer screenshots taken of Q3 s trading account to create. In reality, as alleged, at no time did Q3 s trading account hold more than 6 million and Ackerman was personally enriching himself by using 7.5 million of investor funds to purchase and renovate a house, purchase high end jewelry, multiple cars, and pay for personal security services. On March 16, 2020, the SEC obtained an asset freeze and other emergency relief to halt an ongoing securities fraud perpetrated by a former state senator and two others who bilked investors in and outside the U.S. and obtained an asset freeze and other emergency relief to halt an ongoing securities fraud perpetrated by a former state senator and two others who bilked investors in and outside the U.S. The SEC s complaint alleges that Florida residents Robert Dunlap and Nicole Bowdler worked with former Washington state senator David Schmidt to market and sell a purported digital asset called the Meta 1 Coin in an unregistered securities offering, conducted through the Meta 1 Coin Trust. The complaint alleges that the defendants made numerous false and misleading statements to potential and actual investors, including claims that the Meta 1 Coin was backed by a 1 billion art collection or 2 billion of gold, and that an accounting firm was auditing the gold assets. The defendants also allegedly told investors that the Meta 1 Coin was risk-free, would never lose value and could return up to 224,923 . According to the complaint, the defendants never distributed the Meta 1 Coins and instead used investor funds to pay personal expenses and for other personal purposes. The SEC continues to actively prosecute cases involving digital assets, digital securities, cryptocurrencies or other operations involving blockchain technology. 10 Table of Contents Banks and financial institutions may not provide banking services, or may cut off services, to businesses that provide digital currency-related services or that accept digital currencies as payment, including financial institutions of investors in our securities. A number of companies that provide bitcoin and/or other digital currency-related services have been unable to find banks or financial institutions that are willing to provide them with bank accounts and other services. Similarly, a number of companies and individuals or businesses associated with digital currencies may have had and may continue to have their existing bank accounts closed or services discontinued with financial institutions in response to government action, particularly in China, where regulatory response to digital currencies has been particularly harsh. We also may be unable to obtain or maintain these services for our business. The difficulty that many businesses that provide bitcoin and/or derivatives on other digital currency-related services have and may continue to have in finding banks and financial institutions willing to provide them services may be decreasing the usefulness of digital currencies as a payment system and harming public perception of digital currencies, and could decrease their usefulness and harm their public perception in the future. It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell or use Bitcoin, Ethereum, or other cryptocurrencies, participate in the blockchain or utilize similar digital assets in one or more countries, the ruling of which could adversely affect the company. Although currently Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other cryptocurrencies, the Blockchain and digital assets generally are not regulated or are lightly regulated in most countries, including the United States, one or more countries such as China and Russia may take regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell or use these digital assets or to exchange for fiat currency. Such restrictions may adversely affect the Company. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern or to pursue this segment at all, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects or operations of the Company and potentially the value of any cryptocurrencies the Company holds or expects to acquire for its own account and harm investors. If regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of Bitcoin or other digital assets under the securities laws of the United States or elsewhere, including the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the Investment Company Act of 1940 or similar laws of other jurisdictions and interpretations by the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC ), the Internal Revenue Service IRS ), Department of Treasury or other agencies or authorities, the Company may be required to register and comply with such regulations, including at a state or local level. To the extent that the Company decides to continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary expense or burdens to the Company. The Company may also decide to cease certain operations. Any disruption of the Company s operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to the Company. Our digital currencies may be subject to loss, theft or restriction on access. There is a risk that some or all of our digital currencies could be lost or stolen. Digital currencies are stored in digital currency sites commonly referred to as wallets by holders of digital currencies which may be accessed to exchange a holder s digital currency assets. Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal, compromise or secure digital currencies, such as by attacking the digital currency network source code, exchange miners, third-party platforms, cold and hot storage locations or software, or by other means. We may be in control and possession of one of the more substantial holdings of digital currency. As we increase in size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks or other security threats. Any of these events may adversely affect our operations and, consequently, our investments and profitability. The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital wallets may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all time to our digital currency holdings or the holdings of others held in those compromised wallets. Our loss of access to our private keys or our experience of a data loss relating to our digital wallets could adversely affect our investments and assets. Incorrect or fraudulent digital currency transactions may be irreversible. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a digital currency or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our digital currency rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Further, at this time, there is no specifically enumerated U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen digital currency. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations of and potentially the value of any bitcoin or other digital currencies we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 11 Table of Contents We are subject to risks associated with our need for significant electrical power, therefore, government regulators may potentially restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations, such as ours. The operation of a bitcoin or other digital currency mine can require massive amounts of electrical power. We are reliant on Tioga Holding, LLC and US Bitcoin, LLC (current management company for facility in Granbury, Texas) for the power supply for our mining operations. Our mining operations can only be successful and ultimately profitable if the costs, including electrical power costs, associated with mining a bitcoin are lower than the price of a bitcoin. As a result, any mine we establish can only be successful if we can obtain sufficient electrical power for that mine on a cost-effective basis with a reliable supplier, and our establishment of new mines requires us to find locations where that is the case. There may be significant competition for suitable mine locations, and government regulators may potentially restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations in times of electricity shortage, or may otherwise potentially restrict or prohibit the provision or electricity to mining operations. If we are unable to receive adequate power supply and are forced to reduce our operations due to the availability or cost of electrical power, our business would experience materially negative impacts. We have increased our investments in cryptocurrencies, the market value of which may be subject to significant fluctuations. When funds are available and market conditions allow, current strategy is to invest in certain denominations of cryptocurrencies to complement our mining operations. We consider these investments similar to marketable securities where we purchase and hold the cryptocurrencies for sale. We report realized gains and losses on the sales of cryptocurrencies and mark our portfolio of cryptocurrencies to market at the end of each quarterly reporting period, reporting unrealized gains or losses on the investments. The market value of these investments may fluctuate materially, and we may be subject to investment losses on the change in market value. Risks Related to the Coronavirus Pandemic The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on companies is evolving and we are currently unable to assess with certainty the broad effects of COVID-19 on our business. The future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on companies is evolving and we are currently unable to assess with certainty the broad effects of COVID-19 on our business, particularly on the digital currency markets. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, our investment in property and equipment of 5,299,834 and 13,281,384, respectively, could be subject to impairment or change in valuation due to COVID-19 if our cryptocurrency mining revenues significantly decrease or we are not able to raise capital sufficient to fund our operations. In addition, any travel restrictions and social distancing requirements may make it difficult for our management to access and oversee our operations in Pennsylvania and Texas. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a material negative impact on capital markets, including the market prices of digital currencies. While we continue to incur operating losses, we are currently dependent on debt or equity financing to fund our operations and execute our business plan, including ongoing requirements to replace old and nonprofitable mining machines. We believe that the impact on capital markets of COVID-19 may make it more costly and more difficult for us to access these sources of funding. Our business can potentially be impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 as follows: (1) effect our financial condition, operating results and reduce cash flows; (2) cause disruption to the activities of equipment suppliers; (3) negatively effect the Company s mining activities due to imposition of related public health measures and travel and business restrictions; (4) create disruptions to our core operations in Pennsylvania and Texas due to quarantines and self-isolations; (5) restrict the Company s ability and that of its employees to access facilities and perform equipment maintenance, repairs, and programming which will lead to inability to monitor and service miners, resulting in reduced ability to mine cryptocurrencies due to miners being offline. In addition, our partners such as manufacturers, suppliers and sub-contractors will be disrupted by absenteeism, quarantines and travel restrictions resulting in their employees ability to work. The Company s supply chain, shipments of parts and purchases of new products may be negatively affected. Such disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our operations. The COVID-19 pandemic is an emerging serious threat to health and economic wellbeing affecting our employees, investors and our sources of supply. The sweeping nature of the novel COVID-19 pandemic makes it extremely difficult to predict how the Company s business and operations will be affected in the long run. However, the likely overall economic impact of the pandemic is viewed as highly negative to the general economy. 12 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Securities Our lack of internal controls over financial reporting may affect the market for and price of our common stock. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to file a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. Our disclosure controls and our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective. We do not have the financial resources or personnel to develop or implement systems that would provide us with the necessary information on a timely basis so as to be able to implement financial controls. The absence of internal controls over financial reporting may inhibit investors from purchasing our stock and may make it more difficult for us to raise capital or borrow money. Implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training of our directors and employees, entail substantial costs in order to modify our existing accounting systems, take a significant period of time to complete and divert management s attention from other business concerns. These changes may not, however, be effective in developing or maintaining internal control. Our common stock is deemed to be penny stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares due to disclosure and suitability requirements. Our common stock is deemed to be penny stock as that term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These requirements may reduce the potential market for our common stock by reducing the number of potential investors. This may make it more difficult for investors in our common stock to sell shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them. This could cause our stock price to decline. Penny stocks are stock: With a price of less than 5.00 per share; That are not traded on a recognized national exchange; Whose prices are not quoted on the NASDAQ automated quotation system (NASDAQ listed stock must still have a price of not less than 5.00 per share); or In issuers with net tangible assets less than 2.0 million (if the issuer has been in continuous operation for at least three years) or 10.0 million (if in continuous operation for less than three years), or with average revenues of less than 6.0 million. Broker-dealers dealing in penny stocks are required to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks. Moreover, broker-dealers are required to determine whether an investment in a penny stock is a suitable investment for a prospective investor. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and, as a result, the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. In the event that we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period, there may develop an adverse impact on the market, if any, for our securities. FINRA sales practice requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (referred to as FINRA) has adopted rules requiring that, in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative or low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA has indicated its belief that there is a high probability that speculative or low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. If these FINRA requirements are applicable to us or our securities, they may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that at least some of their customers buy our common stock, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to buy and sell our common stock and could have an adverse effect on the market for and price of our common stock. 13 Table of Contents The market price for our common stock may be volatile and your investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value. The trading volume in our stock is low, which may result in volatility in our stock price. As a result, any reported prices may not reflect the price at which you would be able to sell shares of common stock if you want to sell any shares you own or buy if you wish to buy shares. Further, stocks with a low trading volume may be more subject to manipulation than a stock that has a significant public float and is actively traded. The price of our stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following, in addition to the risks described above and general market and economic conditions: the market s reaction to our financial condition and its perception of our ability to raise necessary funding or enter into a joint venture, given the economic environment resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as its perception of the possible terms of any financing or joint venture; the market s perception as to our ability to generate positive cash flow or earnings; changes in our or any securities analysts estimate of our financial performance; the anticipated or actual results of our operations; changes in market valuations of digital currencies and other companies in our industry; concern that our internal controls are ineffective; actions by third parties to either sell or purchase stock in quantities which would have a significant effect on our stock price; and other factors not within our control. Raising funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities could dilute the net tangible book value of the common stock and impose restrictions on our working capital. We anticipate that we will require funds in addition to the net proceeds from this offering for our business. We will need to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not which is less than the market price and which may be based on a discount from market at the time of issuance. Stockholders will incur dilution upon exercise of any outstanding stock options, warrants or upon the issuance of shares of common stock under our present and future stock incentive programs. If we were to raise capital by issuing equity securities, either alone or in connection with a non-equity financing, the net tangible book value of the then outstanding common stock could decline. If the additional equity securities were issued at a per share price less than the market price, which is customary in the private placement of equity securities, the holders of the outstanding shares would suffer dilution, which could be significant. Further, if we are able to raise funds from the sale of debt securities, the lenders may impose restrictions on our operations and may impair our working capital as we service any such debt obligations. In addition, the sale of shares and any future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the price of our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that market sales of those shares of common stock or the availability of those shares of common stock for sale will have on the market price of our common stock. We may issue preferred stock whose terms could adversely affect the voting power or value of our common stock. Our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designations, preferences, limitations and relative rights, including preferences over our common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as our board of directors may determine. We have outstanding shares of our Series A super-voting preferred stock and Series B convertible preferred stock, the terms of which adversely impact the voting power or value of our common stock. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences included in a series of preferred stock issued in the future might provide to holders of preferred stock rights that could affect the residual value of the common stock. Because certain existing stockholders own a large percentage of our voting stock, other stockholders voting power may be limited. Steve Rubakh, our Chief Executive Officer, owns and/or controls a majority of the voting power of our common stock. As a result, Mr. Rubakh will have the ability to control all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors and the approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This stockholder, who is also our sole director, may make decisions that are averse to or in conflict with your interests. 14 Table of Contents We do not have a majority of independent directors on our board and the company has not voluntarily implemented various corporate governance measures, in the absence of which stockholders may have more limited protections against interested director transactions, conflicts of interest and similar matters. Federal legislation, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, has resulted in the adoption of various corporate governance measures designed to promote the integrity of the corporate management and the securities markets. Some of these measures have been adopted in response to legal requirements. Others have been adopted by companies in response to the requirements of national securities exchanges, such as the NYSE or the NASDAQ Stock Market, on which their securities are listed. Among the corporate governance measures that are required under the rules of national securities exchanges are those that address board of directors independence, audit committee oversight, and the adoption of a code of ethics. We have not yet adopted any of these other corporate governance measures and since our securities are not yet listed on a national securities exchange, we are not required to do so. If we expand our board membership in future periods to include additional independent directors, we may seek to establish an audit and other committee of our board of directors. It is possible that if our Board of Directors included a number of independent directors and if we were to adopt some or all of these corporate governance measures requiring expansion of our board of directors, stockholders would benefit from somewhat greater assurance that internal corporate decisions were being made by disinterested directors. In evaluating our Company, our current lack of corporate governance measures should be borne in mind. Our share price is volatile and may be influenced by numerous factors that are beyond our control. Market prices for shares of technology companies such as ours are often volatile. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including: fluctuations in digital currency and stock market prices and trading volumes of similar companies; general market conditions and overall fluctuations in U.S. equity markets; sales of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders; discussion of us or our stock price by the press and by online investor communities; and other risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors. We have no current plans to pay dividends on our common stock and investors must look solely to stock appreciation for a return on their investment in us. We do not anticipate paying any further cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. Any payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, statutory and contractual restrictions applying to the payment of dividends and other considerations that the board of directors deems relevant. Investors may need to rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. Disclosure under this Item 1B is not required of smaller reporting companies. Item 2. Properties. Our corporate offices are located at 18385 Route 287, Tioga, PA 16946. Our telephone number is (215) 613-9898. We occupy a 2,500 square foot facility, at no cost to the Company, where we maintain and manage corporate accounting and perform research and development and equipment repair services. Our cryptocurrency mining operations are currently located in two hosted facilities in Tioga, Pennsylvania, and Granbury, Texas. The hosting and power purchase agreements for the two facilities require the Company to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. We believe that our offices and hosted cryptocurrency mining facilities are currently suitable and adequate; however, we plan to expand our hosted cryptocurrency mining locations as new equipment is purchased and the need for additional space arises. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. We are not aware of any pending legal proceedings in which we are a party or in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, any owner of record or beneficiary of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. 15 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock is traded over-the-counter market under the symbol INTV. The quotations in the table below reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not represent actual transactions. Period High Low Fiscal year Ended June 30, 2023 Quarter Ended September 30, 2022 9.7500 3.8250 Quarter Ended December 31, 2022 5.0000 1.9187 Quarter Ended March 31, 2023 5.6250 2.1250 Quarter Ended June 30, 2023 4.8750 0.9401 Fiscal year Ended June 30, 2022 Quarter Ended September 30, 2021 30.5625 26.9250 Quarter Ended December 31, 2021 36.4625 32.1500 Quarter Ended March 31, 2022 19.8750 17.5500 Quarter Ended June 30, 2022 8.2000 7.0750 Holders As of September 28, 2023, there were 18 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not include stockholders for whom shares were held in nominee or street name. The Company is authorized to issued 300,000,000 shares of common stock. Dividends We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently expect to retain future earnings, if any, for the development of our business. Equity Compensation Plan Information As of June 30, 2023, there were no equity compensation plan under which our common stock is authorized for issuance. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities The table below sets forth information as to sales by the Company of unregistered securities not previously reported in the Company s periodic filings for its fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Date Title and Amount(1) Purchaser Principal Underwriter Total Offering Price/ Underwriting Discounts June 30, 2023 Issuance of 50,000 shares of Series B preferred stock for compensation (2) Steve Rubakh NA 14,750,000/NA 16 Table of Contents Penny Stock Our common stock is considered penny stock under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission, that: contains a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; contains a description of the broker s or dealer s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities laws; contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions; defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and contains such other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the Commission shall require by rule or regulation. The broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: bid and offer quotations for the penny stock; the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; the number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock; and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock. Item 6. Reserved. Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis or Financial Condition and Results of Operations. SPECIAL NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS We believe that it is important to communicate our future expectations to our security holders and to the public. This report, therefore, contains statements about future events and expectations which are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Sections 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including the statements about our plans, objectives, expectations and prospects under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You can expect to identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, could, would, will, anticipate, believe, plan, estimate, project, expect, intend, seek and other similar expressions. Any statement contained in this report that is not a statement of historical fact may be deemed to be a forward-looking statement. Although we believe that the plans, objectives, expectations and prospects reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, those statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, and we can give no assurance that our plans, objectives, expectations and prospects will be achieved. Important factors that might cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements are contained in the Risk Factors section of and elsewhere in this Annual Report and in our subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following discussion of our results of operations should be read together with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. GENERAL We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 22, 2013 under the name Lightcollar, Inc. On March 22, 2015, we changed our name to EMS Find, Inc., and in July 2017, we changed our name to Integrated Ventures, Inc. We have discontinued our prior operations and changed our business focus from our prior technologies relating to the EMS Find platform to acquiring, launching, and operating companies in the cryptocurrency sector, mainly in digital currency mining and sales of branded mining rigs. Our offices are located at 18385 Route 287, Tioga, Pennsylvania 16946. 17 Table of Contents On November 22, 2017, we successfully launched our cryptocurrency operations, and revenues commenced from cryptocurrency mining operations and from sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment. As of June 30, 2023, the Company owned a total of approximately 2,427 miners in two locations, Tioga, Pennsylvania and Granbury, Texas. During a prior year and due to PetaWatt s financial difficulties, the Company discontinued its cryptocurrency mining operations in New York. All mining equipment previously operating in New York has been relocated to Tioga, Pennsylvania. During the prior and current years, new Bitmain miners were delivered to Tioga, Pennsylvania, Kearney, Nebraska, and Granbury, Texas. All miners located in Kearney, Nebraska were relocated to Granbury, Texas during the current year. The miners located in Granbury, Texas were connected and placed into service in January 2023. The Company will need to continue to (1) raise capital to purchase new mining equipment, (2) sell older and no longer profitable models and (3) expand cryptocurrency mining operations to new locations. On April 17, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-125 reverse split of the Company s common shares. The reverse split has been given retroactive effect in the financial statements for all periods presented. On July 27, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a resolution to increase the number of authorized common shares to 300,000,000. Financial As of June 30, 2023, we operated our cryptocurrency mining operations in two hosted facilities in Tioga, Pennsylvania and Granbury, Texas. The hosting and power purchase agreements for the Pennsylvania and Texas facilities require the Company to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The agreement for the Pennsylvania facility is with a related party owned 50 by Steve Rubakh, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Revenues from our cryptocurrency mining operations were 3,862,849 and 4,871,473 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Revenues from the sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment were 0 and 1,678,660 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. When funds are available and market conditions allow, we also invest in certain denominations of cryptocurrencies to complement our mining operations. We consider these investments similar to marketable securities where we purchase and hold the cryptocurrencies for sale. We report realized gains and losses on the sales of cryptocurrencies net of transaction costs. As of June 30, 2023, our digital currencies at cost totaled 447,425 and was comprised of Bitcoin (BTC). Historically, we have funded our operations primarily from cash generated from our digital currency mining operations and proceeds from convertible notes payable and preferred stock. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we generated negative cash flow from operations and a loss from the sale of digital currencies. We did not incur additional debt or issue securities for cash. The Digital Asset Market The Company is focusing on the mining of digital assets, as well as blockchain applications blockchain and related technologies. A blockchain is a shared immutable ledger for recording the history of transactions of digital assets a business blockchain provides a permissioned network with known identities. A Bitcoin is the most recognized type of a digital asset that is issued by, and transmitted through, an open source, math-based protocol platform using cryptographic security that is known as the Bitcoin Network. The Bitcoin Network is an online, peer-to-peer user network that hosts the public transaction ledger, known as the blockchain, and the source code that comprises the basis for the cryptography and math-based protocols governing the Bitcoin Network. Bitcoins, for example, can be used to pay for goods and services or can be converted to fiat currencies, such as the US Dollar, at rates determined on Bitcoin exchanges or in individual end-user-to-end-user transactions under a barter system. The networks utilized by digital coins are designed to operate without any company or government in charge, governed by a collaboration of volunteer programmers and computers that maintain all the records. These blockchains are typically maintained by a network of participants which run servers while securing their blockchain. Third party service providers such as Bitcoin exchanges and bitcoin third party payment processing services may charge significant fees for processing transactions and for converting, or facilitating the conversion of, bitcoins to or from fiat currency. 18 Table of Contents This market is rapidly evolving and there can be no assurances that we will remain competitive with industry participants that have or may have greater resources or experience in in this industry than us, nor that the unproven digital assets that we mine will ever have any significant market value. The Company, like many cryptocurrency mining operators, is currently operating at a non-profitable status following record historic runs in market prices of digital currencies. Market prices of digital currencies have not been high enough to cover the operating costs of mining companies, including significant power costs and high levels of equipment depreciation. The Company is addressing these operational challenges through considering alternative sources of power, further consolidation of facilities, and potential hosting arrangements. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in these efforts and attain profitable levels of operations. Financial Operations Review We are incurring increased costs because of being a publicly traded company. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We also have paid compensation through the issuance of shares of our common stock, Series B preferred stock and warrants, the valuation of which has resulted in significant stock-based compensation. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as new rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies and will require us to comply with these rules. These new rules and regulations have will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and have made some activities more time-consuming and costlier. In addition, these new rules and regulations have made it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, which we currently cannot afford to do. As a result of the new rules, it may become more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or as executive officers. We cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur as a result of being a public company or the timing of such costs. To operate our digital currency mining facilities and to fund future operations, we will need to raise additional capital. The amount and timing of future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the timing and results of our ongoing development efforts, the potential expansion of our current development programs, potential new development programs and related general and administrative support. We anticipate that we will seek to fund our operations through further liquidation of our marketable securities, public or private equity or debt financings or other sources, such as potential collaboration agreements. We cannot be certain that anticipated additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2022 Revenues Our cryptocurrency mining revenues decreased to 3,862,849 in the year ended June 30, 2023 from 4,871,473 in the year ended June 30, 2022. This decrease in revenues resulted primarily from the weakening of cryptocurrency markets. We also have revenues from the sale of cryptocurrency mining equipment that have been either newly purchased or refurbished for resale. Such sales totaled 0 and 1,678,660 in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The sales of equipment will fluctuate from period to period depending on equipment available to us to sell and the current retail demand for our model of cryptocurrency mining units. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues was 6,297,467 and 3,868,471 in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Expenses associated with running our cryptocurrency mining operations, such as equipment depreciation and amortization, operating supplies, utilities, and consulting services are recorded as cost of revenues. The increase in cost of revenues in the current fiscal year is due primarily to an increase in depreciation expense and costs incurred from our hosting facilities. This increase was offset by a decrease in the cost of purchasing or assembling the cryptocurrency mining units sold. We reported a gross loss on revenues of 2,434,618 and gross profit of 2,681,662 in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Lower cryptocurrency mining revenues in the current year resulting from the weakening of cryptocurrency markets, and the increase in depreciation expense and costs incurred from our hosting facilities contributed to the gross loss on revenues in the current year when compared to the gross profit to the prior year. 19 Table of Contents Operating Expenses Our operating expenses increased to 22,717,919 in the year ended June 30, 2023 from 3,369,665 in the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase resulted primarily from an increase in related party stock-based compensation from 2,438,900 to 15,247,500, an increase in loss on disposition of property and equipment from 154,180 to 1,197,522, and an increase in impairment of property and equipment from 0 to 5,574,363. Other Income (Expense) Our other income (expense) was comprised of the following for the years ended June 30: 2023 2022 Interest expense (276,932 (18,289 Realized gain (loss) on digital currencies (19,498 181,583 Gain on extinguishment of debt - 5,924 Loss on sale of property and equipment - (46,999 Loss on settlement (11,000 - Total other income (expense) (307,430 122,219 Our interest expense includes the amortization of debt discount and original issue discount for our convertible notes payable. These amounts vary from period to period depending on the timing of new borrowings and the conversion of the debt to common stock by the lenders. During the prior fiscal year, we paid off two notes payable totaling 57,822 and entered one note payable in June 2022 for 500,000, resulting in an increase in interest expense compared to the prior period as this note was outstanding for all of the current fiscal year. In addition to the currencies received as compensation for our mining services, we purchased various digital currencies totaling 306,919 and 2,098,676 during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We also converted currencies from one denomination to another based on our assessment of market conditions for each respective currency. The market values of individual currency denominations continually fluctuate, and the fluctuations may be material from day to day. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we received total proceeds of 3,552,596 and 7,462,655, respectively, from the sale of digital currencies and incurred transactions fees totaling 48,910 and 138,919, respectively, which are deducted from the gain or loss realized. We realized a loss on sale of digital currencies, after deducting transaction costs, of 19,498 in the year ended June 30, 2023 and a gain on sale of digital currencies, after deducting transaction costs, of 181,853 in the year ended June 30, 2022. During the nine months ended March 31, 2023, we recognized an 11,000 loss on exercise of warrants as we agreed to not receive cash for the exercise of 88,000 warrants. In April 2020, the Company received loan proceeds of 7,583 under the terms and conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The loan was to mature 24 months from inception and bore interest at 1 per annum. In November 2021, the Company made PPP loan principal payments totaling 1,659. In December 2021, the remaining principal balance of 5,924 was forgiven pursuant to the provisions of the Act, and the Company recorded a gain of forgiveness of debt for this amount in the year ended June 30, 2022. No such gain on forgiveness of debt occurred in the year ended June 30, 2023. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we sold used mining equipment and realized a loss on the sale of 0 and 46,999, respectively. Net Loss As a result, primarily from the non-cash related party stock-based compensation, we reported a net loss of 25,459,967 in the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to a net loss of 565,514 in the year ended June 30, 2022. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Overview As of June 30, 2023, we had total current assets of 265,153, including cash of 257,998 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 7,165 and total current liabilities of 2,975,452. We had total stockholders deficit of 509,883 as of June 30, 2023 compared to a stockholders equity of 10,592,307 as of June 30, 2022. 20 Table of Contents Sources and Uses of Cash During the year ended June 30, 2023, we used cash in operations of 3,427,959 as a result of our net loss of 25,459,967, increases in digital currencies of 3,911,752, prepaids expenses of 4,665, equipment deposits of 32,514, deposits of 499,300, offset by increases in accounts payable of 237,750, accrued expenses of 162,131, amounts due to related party of 318,565, and non-cash expenses of 25,761,793. Net cash provided by operating activities during the year ended June 30, 2022 was 55,455 as a result of our net loss of 565,514, non-cash gain on sale of digital currencies of 181,853, non-cash gain on forgiveness of debt of 5,924, increases in digital currencies of 5,009,691, and deposits of 78,147 more than offset by other non-cash expenses totaling 4,311,690, decreases in equipment deposits of 1,135,088 and prepaid expenses and other current assets of 195,120 and increases in accounts payable of 28,702, accrued expenses of 4,731, and amounts due to related party of 221,253. During the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities was 3,245,677, comprised of the purchase of digital currencies of 306,919 offset by net proceeds from the sale of digital currencies of 3,552,596. During the year ended June 30, 2022, we used net cash in investing activities of 2,267,633, comprised of the increase in equipment deposits of 7,763,487, purchase of digital currencies of 2,098,676, and the purchase of property and equipment of 73,575, partially offset by net proceeds from the sale of digital currencies of 7,462,655, net proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 70,000, and proceeds from sale of property and equipment to a related party of 135,450. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we had net cash provided by financing activities of 50,000 comprised of a repayment of notes payable of 50,000. During the year ended June 30, 2022, we had net cash provided by financing activities of 604,921 comprised of proceeds related party short term advances of 118,150 and proceeds from notes payable of 500,000, partially offset by repayment of notes payable of 13,229. We will have to raise funds to successfully operate our digital currency mining operations, purchase equipment and expand our operations to multiple facilities. We will have to borrow money from shareholders or issue debt or equity or enter a strategic arrangement with a third party. There can be no assurance that additional capital will be available to us. Going Concern The Company has reported recurring net losses since its inception. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had an accumulated deficit of 73,101,867. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to reach a successful level of operations is dependent on the execution of management s plans, which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern, it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the financial statements. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in attaining a profitable level of operations or in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources fund its operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Should the Company not be successful in its business plan or in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations, the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its assets, if necessary. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2 to the accompanying financial statements. The following is a summary of those accounting policies that involve significant estimates and judgment of management. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Because of the use of estimates inherent in the financial reporting process, actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. 21 Table of Contents Digital Currencies Digital currencies consist of Bitcoin, Quant, and Dogecoin, generally received for the Company s own account as compensation for cryptocurrency mining services, and other digital currencies purchased for short-term investment and trading purposes. Given that there is limited precedent regarding the classification and measurement of cryptocurrencies under current Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), the Company has determined to account for these digital currencies as indefinite-lived intangible assets in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , for the period covered by this report and in future reports unless and until further guidance is issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). An intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is not amortized but assessed for impairment annually, or more frequently, when events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. Impairment exists when the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. In testing for impairment, the Company has the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not than an impairment exists. If it is determined that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, a quantitative impairment test is not necessary. If the Company concludes otherwise, it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test. To the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. Subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. Realized gains or losses on the sale of digital currencies, net of transaction costs, are included in other income (expense) in the statements of operations. Property and Equipment Property and equipment, consisting primarily of computer and other cryptocurrency mining equipment (transaction verification servers), is stated at the lower of cost or estimated realizable value and is depreciated when placed into service using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives. The Company operates in an emerging industry for which limited data is available to make estimates of the useful economic lives of specialized equipment. Management has assessed the basis of depreciation of these assets and believes they should be depreciated over a three-year period due to technological obsolescence reflecting rapid development of hardware that has faster processing capacity and other factors. Maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred and improvements are capitalized. Gains or losses on the disposition of property and equipment are recorded upon disposal. Management has determined that the three-year diminishing value best reflects the current expected useful life of transaction verification servers. This assessment takes into consideration the availability of historical data and management s expectations regarding the direction of the industry including potential changes in technology. Management will review this estimate annually and will revise such estimates as and when data becomes available. To the extent that any of the assumptions underlying management s estimate of useful life of its transaction verification servers are subject to revision in a future reporting period, either as a result of changes in circumstances or through the availability of greater quantities of data, then the estimated useful life could change and have a prospective impact on depreciation expense and the carrying amounts of these assets. Payments to equipment suppliers prior to shipment of the equipment are recorded as equipment deposits. Derivatives As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2023, we recorded no derivative liabilities. The Company evaluates its convertible debt, options, warrants or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for. The result of this accounting treatment is that under certain circumstances the fair value of the derivative is marked-to-market each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. If the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other income or expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification under this accounting standard are reclassified to liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Where the number of warrants or common shares to be issued under these agreements is indeterminate, the Company has concluded that the equity environment is tainted, and all additional warrants and convertible debt are included in the value of the derivatives. 22 Table of Contents We estimate the fair value of the derivatives using, as applicable, either the Black-Scholes pricing model or multinomial lattice models that value the derivative liability based on a probability weighted discounted cash flow model using future projections of the various potential outcomes. We estimate the fair value of the derivative liabilities at the inception of the financial instruments, and, in the case of our convertible notes payable, at the date of conversions to equity and at each reporting date, recording a derivative liability, debt discount, additional paid-in capital and a gain or loss on change in derivative liabilities as applicable. These estimates are based on multiple inputs, including the market price of our stock, interest rates, our stock price volatility, variable conversion prices based on market prices as defined in the respective agreements and probabilities of certain outcomes based on management projections. These inputs are subject to significant changes from period to period and to management s judgment; therefore, the estimated fair value of the derivative liabilities will fluctuate from period to period, and the fluctuation may be material. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets All assets, including intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment when changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 350 and ASC 360. If the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the expected undiscounted cash flows of the asset, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds fair value or net realizable value. The testing of these intangibles under established guidelines for impairment requires significant use of judgment and assumptions. Changes in forecasted operations and other assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair values. Changes in business conditions could potentially require adjustments to these asset valuations. Stock-Based Compensation The Company accounts for all equity-based payments in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. ASC Topic 718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock awards, stock options, warrants and other equity-based compensation issued to employees. The value of the portion of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line attribution method. The fair value of a stock award is recorded at the fair market value of a share of the Company s stock on the grant date. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options and warrants at the grant date by using an appropriate fair value model such as the Black-Scholes option pricing model or multinomial lattice models. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards based upon ASC 505-50, Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. ASC 505-50 requires the costs of goods and services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments to be recognized using the fair value of the goods and services or the fair value of the equity award, whichever is more reliably measurable. The fair value of the equity award is determined on the measurement date, which is the earlier of the date that a performance commitment is reached or the date that performance is complete. Generally, our awards do not entail performance commitments. When an award vests over time such that performance occurs over multiple reporting periods, we estimate the fair value of the award as of the end of each reporting period and recognize an appropriate portion of the cost based on the fair value on that date. When the award vests, we adjust the cost previously recognized so that the cost ultimately recognized is equivalent to the fair value on the date the performance is complete. Revenue Recognition Effective July 1, 2018, we adopted ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as amended, using the modified retrospective method, which requires the cumulative effect of adoption to be recognized as an adjustment to opening retained earnings in the period of adoption. There was no cumulative effect of adopting the new standard and no impact on our financial statements. The new standard provides a single comprehensive model to be used in the accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and supersedes current revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance. The standard s stated core principle is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve this core principle, ASC 606 includes provisions within a five-step model that includes identifying the contract with a customer, identifying the performance obligations in the contract, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognizing revenue when, or as, an entity satisfies a performance obligation. Our revenues currently consist of cryptocurrency mining revenues and revenues from the sale of cryptocurrency mining equipment recognized in accordance with ASC 606 as discussed above. Amounts collected from customers prior to shipment of products are recorded as deferred revenue. The Company earns its cryptocurrency mining revenues by providing transaction verification services within the digital currency networks of cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin, Quant, and Dogecoin. The Company satisfies its performance obligation at the point in time that the Company is awarded a unit of digital currency through its participation in the applicable network and network participants benefit from the Company s verification service. In consideration for these services, the Company receives digital currencies, net of applicable network fees, which are recorded as revenue using the closing U.S. dollar price of the related cryptocurrency on the date of receipt. Expenses associated with running the cryptocurrency mining operations, such as equipment depreciation, rent, operating supplies, rent, utilities and monitoring services are recorded as cost of revenues. 23 Table of Contents There is currently no specific definitive guidance in GAAP or alternative accounting frameworks for the accounting for the production and mining of digital currencies and management has exercised significant judgment in determining appropriate accounting treatment for the recognition of revenue for mining of digital currencies. Management has examined various factors surrounding the substance of the Company s operations and the guidance in ASC 606, including identifying the transaction price, when performance obligations are satisfied, and collectability is reasonably assured being the completion and addition of a block to a blockchain and the award of a unit of digital currency to the Company. In the event authoritative guidance is enacted by the FASB, the Company may be required to change its policies which could result in a change in the Company s financial statements. OFF BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS Operating Leases As of June 30, 2023, the Company had no obligation for future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases. However, the Company has entered into several agreements described below related to its crypto currency mining operations pursuant to which the Company s sole obligation is to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed. Power Purchase and Hosting Agreement On March 8, 2021, the Company and Compute North LLC Compute North entered into a Master Agreement for the colocation and management of the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. This agreement required an initial deposit of 78,147 which is recorded as a Deposit on the Balance Sheets. The Company submits Order Forms to Compute North to determine the location of the hosted facilities, the number of cryptocurrency miners, the term of the services provided and the contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The Company s ongoing obligation under the agreement to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. On June 3, 2022, the Company and Compute North entered into a second Master Agreement for the colocation and management of the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The Company executed Order Forms to Compute North to determine the number of cryptocurrency miners, the term of the services provided and the contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. This agreement required an initial deposit of 500,000 which is recorded as a Deposit on the Balance Sheets. The Company s ongoing obligation under the agreement to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. In January 2023, under Chapter 11 proceeding, Compute North sold these Master Agreements to GC Data Center Granbury, LLC and the parties consolidated all cryptocurrency mining operations in the Granbury, Texas facility. Tioga Property Lease and Power Purchase Agreement On December 15, 2021, the Company and Tioga Holding, LLC, a related party, entered into a Property Lease and Power Purchase Agreement for the use by the Company of facilities located in Tioga, Pennsylvania. The Company s sole obligation under the agreement is to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The term of the agreement is 36 months. The 36 months lease and mining operations were terminated in September 2023 due to significant increase in power cost by local utility. All mining equipment has been relocated to Granbury, Texas. RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING POLICIES There were no new accounting pronouncements issued or proposed by the FASB during the year ended June 30, 2023 and through the date of filing this report which the Company believes will have a material impact on its financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Disclosure under Item 7A is not required of smaller reporting companies. 24 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. INTEGRATED VENTURES, INC. TABLE OF CONTENTS Index to Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 26 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 27 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 28 Statement of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 29 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 30 Notes to Financial Statements 31 25 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Integrated Ventures, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Integrated Ventures, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered net losses from operations in current and prior periods and has accumulated deficiency, which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Digital Currencies As discussed in the notes to the financial statements, the Company has mining revenues and assets associated with the mining of digital currencies that requires significant judgements with regard to how the revenues are recognized and the assets are capitalized. Auditing management s evaluation of the accounting for mining revenues recognized and the capitalized digital assets involved significant judgement and subjectivity due to lack of formal GAAP and PCAOB guidance in the United States. To evaluate the appropriateness and accuracy of the assessment by management, we evaluated management s assessment in relationship to the relevant revenues. We also evaluated several different third-party sites and sources to verify the information provided by management. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. September 28, 2023 26 Table of Contents INTEGRATED VENTURES, INC. BALANCE SHEETS June 30, June 30, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current assets: Equipment deposits Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively Digital currencies Deposits Total non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued preferred stock dividends Accrued expenses Due to related party Notes payable, net of debt discount of and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively Total current liabilities Mezzanine: Series C preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Series D preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity (deficit): Series A preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively) Series B preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively) Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity (deficit) Total liabilities, mezzanine and stockholders' equity (deficit) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 27 Table of Contents INTEGRATED VENTURES, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 Revenue: Cryptocurrency mining Sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment Total revenue, net Cost of revenues Gross profit (loss) Operating expenses: General and administrative Loss on disposition of property and equipment Impairment of property and equipment Total operating expenses Income (Loss) from operations Other income (expense): Interest expense Realized gain (loss) on sale of digital currencies Gain on extinguishment of debt Loss on sale of property and equipment Loss on settlement Total other income (expense) Loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income (loss) Dividends on Preferred Stock Deemed dividend Net loss attributable to shareholders Net loss per common share attributable to shareholders, basic and diluted Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 28 Table of Contents INTEGRATED VENTURES, INC. STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Series C Series D Series A Series B Common Additional Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Common Stock Stock Paid in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Payable Capital Deficit Total Balance, June 30, 2021 Issuance of common stock for conversion of Series B preferred stock - - - - Issuance of Series B preferred stock for officer compensation - - - - - Issuance of common shares in conversion of common stock payable - - - - Issuance of common stock for services - - - - Issuance of common stock for debt - - - - Sale of fully depreciated property and equipment to a related party - - - - - Rounding shares due to reverse split - - - - - - - - - - - Preferred stock dividends - - - - - - - Net income (loss) - - - - - Balance, June 30, 2022 Issuance of common stock for settlement - - - - Issuance of common stock for conversion of Series B preferred stock - - - Issuance of Series B preferred stock for officer compensation - - - - Cashless warrants exercised - - - - Warrants exercised - - - - Rounding shares due to reverse split - - - - - - - - - Deemed dividends - - - - - - - Preferred stock dividends - - - - - Net income (loss) - - - - - Balance, June 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 29 Table of Contents INTEGRATED VENTURES, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended Year Ended June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation - related party Common stock issued for services Loss on exercise of warrants Loss on sale of property and equipment Loss on disposition of property and equipment Impairment of property and equipment Amortization of debt discount Realized loss (gain) on sale of digital currencies Gain on extinguishment of debt Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Digital currencies Prepaid expenses and other current assets Equipment deposits Deposits Accounts payable Accrued expenses Due to related party Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Equipment deposits Net proceeds from the sale of digital currencies Purchase of property and equipment Purchase of digital currencies Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Proceeds from sale of fully depreciated property and equipment to a related party Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from related party short term advance Proceeds from notes payable Repayment of notes payable Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash - end of period SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the period for: Interest Income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activities: Equipment deposits transferred to property and equipment Common stock issued for common stock payable Accrued preferred stock dividends Common stock issued in debt incentive Conversion of Series B preferred stock for common stock Deemed dividend for warrant modification Common stock for exercise of warrants Common stock issued for accrued dividends Accrued compensation repaid with digital currencies Rounding shares due to reverse split The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 30 Table of Contents Integrated Ventures, Inc. Notes to Condensed Financial Statements Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 Cash and Cash Equivalents 31 Table of Contents in the year ended June 30, 2023, and a had a realized gain on the sale of digital currencies of in the year ended June 30, 2022. Cryptocurrency mining revenues were and in the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Property and Equipment . During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 20221, the Company discontinued the use of damaged or non-serviceable mining equipment and wrote off its net book value of and , respectively, to loss on disposition of property and equipment. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we impaired mining equipment and recognized impairment expense of and , respectively. Management has determined that the three-year diminishing value best reflects the current expected useful life of transaction verification servers. This assessment takes into consideration the availability of historical data and management s expectations regarding the direction of the industry including potential changes in technology. Management will review this estimate annually and will revise such estimates as and when data becomes available. To the extent that any of the assumptions underlying management s estimate of useful life of its transaction verification servers are subject to revision in a future reporting period, either as a result of changes in circumstances or through the availability of greater quantities of data, then the estimated useful life could change and have a prospective impact on depreciation expense and the carrying amounts of these assets. Payments to equipment suppliers prior to shipment of the equipment are recorded as equipment deposits. 32 Table of Contents Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Mezzanine Stock-Based Compensation 33 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Income Taxes 34 Table of Contents Income (Loss) Per Share Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Concentrations of sales of cryptocurrency mining equipment and of total revenues. A second customer accounted for of sales of cryptocurrency mining revenues and of total revenues. During the year ended June 30, 2022, substantially all cryptocurrency mining equipment, including those units with costs included in equipment deposits as of June 30, 2022, was purchased form one supplier. Reclassifications 35 Table of Contents and the Company had an accumulated deficit of . These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to reach a successful level of operations is dependent on the execution of management s plans, which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets, until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern, it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the financial statements. There can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in attaining a profitable level of operations or in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources fund its operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Should the Company not be successful in its business plan or in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations, the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its assets, if necessary. Furniture and equipment Total Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net Depreciation and amortization expense, included in cost of revenues, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we sold used mining equipment and realized a loss on the sale of and , respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we disposed of and wrote off non-serviceable, defective mining equipment and realized a loss on disposal of and , respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we impaired mining equipment and recognized impairment expense of and , respectively. . The Purchase Agreement remains in effect until the delivery of the last batch of products. The total purchase price was approximately , subject to price adjustments and related offsets. . 36 Table of Contents of the purchase obligation under the Bitmain Agreement, including reimbursing the Company for of the equipment deposits paid by the Company to Bitmain. As of June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, equipment deposits totaled and , respectively, including and paid to Bitmain under the Bitmain Agreement (net of Wattum reimbursements and deliveries of equipment). As of June 30, 2023, 12 of the 12 shipments totaling 3,957 miners had been delivered by Bitmain to the Company, Wattum and two customers of the Company. Sale of Miners During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company did not sell any miners. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company sold 187 miners to two non-related parties for . . For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued to Mr. Rubakh shares of Series B convertible preferred stock valued on an as converted to common basis at , using the closing market price of the Company s common stock. Each share of Series B preferred stock is convertible into 100 shares of the Company s common stock. This non-cash, related party stock-based compensation is included in operating expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued Mr. Rubakh shares of Series B convertible preferred stock valued on an as converted to common basis at , using the closing market price of the Company s common stock. Each share of Series B preferred stock is convertible into 100 shares of the Company s common stock. This non-cash, related party stock-based compensation is included in operating expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. Total compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amounts due to related party, consisting of accrued salary to Mr. Rubakh, totaled and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. In April 2022, Mr. Rubakh advanced to a third-party vendor on behalf of the Company. The advance is due on demand, has no interest rate, and is unsecured. Amounts due to related party, consisting of short-term advances from Mr. Rubakh, totaled as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. The total amount due to Mr. Rubakh for accrued salary and short-term advances as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 37 Table of Contents shares of Series B preferred stock into shares of common stock in a transaction recorded at the par value of the shares. During the year ended June 30, 2022, Mr. Rubakh converted shares of Series B preferred stock into shares of common stock in a transaction recorded at the par value of the shares. On December 15, 2021, the Company and Tioga Holding, LLC, a related party owned 50 by Mr. Rubakh, entered into a Property Lease and Power Purchase Agreement for the use by the Company of facilities located in Tioga, Pennsylvania. The Company s sole obligation under the agreement is to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The term of the agreement is months. Full mining operations commenced in April 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred power expense of and from Tioga Holdings, LLC. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had a balance of due to Tioga Holdings, LLC. . The note matures on January 15, 2023, and bares a flat interest charge of that shall not be reduced or pro-rated in the event of prepayment. In addition, upon an event of default, the Note bares default interest of per annum. This note is secured by assets and equipment of the Company. As further inducement to enter this note, the Company issued BHP shares or restricted common stock. These shares were valued at using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of issuance and were recorded as a debt discount that is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The Company recorded of interest expense for amortization of this debt discount and made a interest payment during the year ended June 30, 2023. As of June 30, 2023, this note was in default due to nonpayment before the maturity date. shares of the Series C preferred stock. Each share of Series C preferred stock has a par value of per share and a stated value of per share. The shares of Series C preferred stock are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share 8.50 per share post Reverse Split). Each share of the Series C preferred stock is entitled to receive cumulative dividends of per annum or 18 per annum in the event of default, payable monthly from the date of issuance of the shares. Starting one month after the issuance of the shares, they were in default due to the Company s failure to pay the cumulative dividend monthly as required by the agreement. Dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of Series C preferred stock at the discretion of the Company. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company settled 293,639 of dividends owed in exchange for shares of common stock. The shares of Common Stock were valued based on their value as of the settlement date which was per share. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company accrued Series C preferred stock dividends of and , respectively. The Company, at its sole discretion, has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, shares of the Series C preferred stock issued and outstanding upon 5 days notice at a defined redemption price. The holders of the Series C preferred stock do not have a right to put the shares to the Company. The holders of the Series C preferred stock shall have the right to vote together with holders of common stock, on an as converted basis , on any matter that the Company s shareholders may be entitled to vote on, either by written consent or by proxy. 38 Table of Contents shares of the Series D preferred stock. Each share of Series D preferred stock has a par value of per share and a stated value of per share. The shares of Series D preferred stock are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share 37.50 per share post Reverse Split). Each share of the Series D preferred stock is entitled to receive cumulative dividends of per annum or 18 per annum in the event of default, payable monthly from the date of issuance of the shares. Starting one month after the issuance of the shares, they were in default due to the Company s failure to pay the cumulative dividend monthly as required by the agreement. Dividends may be paid in cash or in shares of Series D preferred stock at the discretion of the Company. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company accrued Series D preferred stock dividends of and , respectively. The Company, at its sole discretion, has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, shares of the Series D preferred stock issued and outstanding upon 5 days notice at a defined redemption price. The holders of the Series D preferred stock do not have a right to put the shares to the Company. The holders of the Series D preferred stock shall have the right to vote together with holders of common stock, on an as converted basis , on any matter that the Company s shareholders may be entitled to vote on, either by written consent or by proxy. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, shares of Series D preferred stock were issued and outstanding and recorded as mezzanine due to certain default provisions requiring mandatory cash redemption that are outside the control of the Company. of shares of the Company s Series A preferred stock. Each share of Series A preferred stock has a par value of . Holders of the Series A preferred stock have the right to vote in aggregate, on all shareholder matters equal to 1,000 votes per share of Series A preferred stock not subject to adjustment for a stock split or reverse stock split. The shares of Series A preferred stock are not convertible into shares of common stock. The Company has shares of Series A preferred stock authorized, with shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, which were issued in March 2015 to members of the Company s Board of Directors in consideration for services. Series B Preferred Stock On December 21, 2015, the Company filed a Certificate of Designation for a new Series B convertible preferred stock with the State of Nevada following approval by the board of directors of the Company. Five Hundred Thousand ) shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock are designated as the Series B convertible preferred stock, par value of per share and with a stated value of 0.001 per share (the Stated Value ). Holders of Series B preferred stock shall be entitled to receive dividends, when and as declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available therefor. At any time and from time to time after the issuance of shares of the Series B preferred stock, each issued share of Series B preferred stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock Conversion Ratio ).The Conversion Raio is subject to adjustment if the Company enters into a merger or spin off transaction but is not subject to adjustment for a stock split or reverse stock split. The holders of the Series B preferred stock shall have the right to vote together with holders of common stock, on an as converted basis , on any matter that the Company s shareholders may be entitled to vote on, either by written consent or by proxy. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the Series B preferred stock shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company, whether such assets are capital or surplus, for each share of Series B preferred stock an amount equal to the Stated Value, and all other amounts in respect thereof then due and payable prior to any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any junior securities. The number of authorized Series B preferred stock was later increased to 1,000,000 shares. 39 Table of Contents shares of Series B preferred stock into shares of common stock in a transaction recorded at the par value of the shares. For services provided during the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued to Mr. Rubakh shares of Series B convertible preferred stock valued on an as converted to common basis at , using the closing market price of the Company s common stock. Each share of Series B preferred stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. This non-cash, related party stock-based compensation is included in operating expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. During the year ended June 30, 2022, Mr. Rubakh converted shares of Series B preferred stock into shares of common stock in a transaction recorded at the par value of the shares. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued to Mr. Rubakh shares of Series B convertible preferred stock valued on an as converted to common basis at , using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on that date. Each share of Series B preferred stock is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock. This non-cash, related party stock-based compensation is included in operating expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company had and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Common Stock As of June 30, 2023, we were authorized to issue up to shares of common stock with a par value of . . The Company had and common shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. On April 17, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a 1-for-125 reverse split of the Company s common shares. The reverse split has been given retroactive effect in the financial statements for all periods presented. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock: shares issued in conversion of Series B preferred stock recorded at par value of , shares issued for settlement of accrued dividends for a fair value of , shares for the exercise of warrants recorded at par value of , and shares issued due to rounding from the Reverse Split. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of its common stock: shares issued in conversion of Series B preferred stock recorded at par value of 20; 64,000 shares for common stock payable of , . (88,000 post Reverse Split) shares of its common stock in connection with the sale of Series D preferred stock. 40 Table of Contents million (88 thousand post Reverse Split) shares to provide effective as of August 30, 2022. The amendment reduced the exercise price thereof to 0.125 post Reverse Split), subject to adjustment therein, and waived the exploding feature of the Anti-Dilution Provision in the Warrant that would otherwise have effected an increase in the number of warrant shares as a result of an exercise price reduction so as to result in the same aggregate value of the warrant shares multiplied by the exercise price. . During the year ended June 30, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for the exercise of these warrants. As the Company agreed to not receive cash for the exercise of these warrants, an Loss on Exercise of Warrant was recorded in the Other Income (Expense) section of the Statements of Operations. The Company also issued warrants to purchase (240,000 post Reverse Split) shares of its common stock in April 2021 in connection with the sale of common stock. On September 13, 2022, the Company and one of the Purchasers entered into a letter agreement whereby the Company agreed to amend the terms of such Purchaser s Warrants to purchase up to million (120 thousand post Reverse Split) shares to provide effective as of June 29, 2022. The amendment reduced the exercise price thereof to 0.125 post Reverse Split), subject to adjustment therein, and waived the exploding feature of the Anti-Dilution Provision in the Warrant that would otherwise have effected an increase in the number of warrant shares as a result of an exercise price reduction so as to result in the same aggregate value of the warrant shares multiplied by the exercise price. Additionally, other than an Exempt Issuance, as defined in the Warrants, from the date hereof until 90 days after the date hereof, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company may issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Warrants). On September 15, 2022, the Company and the other Purchaser entered into a letter agreement whereby the Company agreed to amend the terms of such Purchaser s Warrants to purchase up to million shares (120 thousand post Reverse Split), effective as of August 30, 2022. The amendment reduced the exercise price thereof to 0.125 post Reverse Split), subject to adjustment therein, and waived the exploding feature of the Anti-Dilution Provision in the Warrant that would otherwise have effected an increase in the number of warrant shares as a result of an exercise price reduction so as to result in the same aggregate value of the warrant shares multiplied by the exercise price. Additionally, other than an Exempt Issuance, as defined in the Warrants, from the date hereof until 90 days after the date hereof, neither the Company nor any subsidiary of the Company may issue, enter into any agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of any shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Warrants). The effect of these modifications was measured as the excess of the fair value of the amended Purchaser s Warrants over the fair value of the Purchaser s Warrants immediately before the amendments which amounted to and was recognized as a dividend due to the substance of the modification not indicating the issuer has incurred a cost that should be expensed. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we issued shares of common stock for the cash-less exercise of these warrants. 41 Table of Contents - Granted - - Exercised Forfeited or expired Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2023 - - - . The Company submits Order Forms to Compute North to determine the location of the hosted facilities, the number of cryptocurrency miners, the term of the services provided and the contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The Company s ongoing obligation under the agreement to pay monthly a contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. On June 3, 2022, the Company and Compute North entered into a second Master Agreement for the colocation and management of the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. The Company executed Order Forms to Compute North to determine the number of cryptocurrency miners, the term of the services provided and the contractual rate per kilowatt hour of electricity consumed in the Company s cryptocurrency mining operations. . In January 2023, under Chapter 11 proceedings, Compute North sold these Master Agreements to GC Data Center Granbury, LLC and the parties consolidated all cryptocurrency mining operations in the Granbury, Texas facility. Tioga Property Lease and Power Purchase Agreement On December 15, 2021, the Company and Tioga Holding, LLC, a related party, entered into a Property Lease and Power Purchase Agreement for the use by the Company of facilities located in Tioga, Pennsylvania. . 42 Table of Contents that expire . The Company s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations, which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The Company s income tax expense (benefit) differs from the expected tax expense (benefit) for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate of to income (loss) before income taxes), as follows: State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Non-deductible items Non-taxable items Change in valuation allowance Total The tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities. The tax years 2016 through 2022 remain open to examination by federal agencies and other jurisdictions in which it operates. The tax effect of significant components of the Company s deferred tax asset at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, are as follows: Accumulated depreciation Less valuation allowance Net In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. 43 Table of Contents valuation allowance. shares of Series B preferred stock into shares of common stock in a transaction recorded at the par value of the shares. Issuance of Series B Preferred Stock Subsequent to June 30, 2023, Mr. Rubakh was issued shares of Series B preferred stock for officer compensation. Amendment to Articles of Incorporation On July 27, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a resolution to increase the number of authorized common shares to . 44 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. To address the material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We have identified the following material weaknesses: 1. As of June 30, 2023, we did not maintain effective controls over the control environment. Specifically, the Board of Directors does not currently have any independent members and no director qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-B. Since these entity level programs have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute a material weakness. 2. As of June 30, 2023, due to the inherent issue of segregation of duties in a small company, we have relied heavily on entity or management review controls and engaged an outside financial consultant to lessen the issue of segregation of duties over accounting, financial close procedures and controls over financial statement disclosure. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. 3. As of June 30, 2023, we did not establish a written policy for the approval, identification and authorization of related party transactions. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. Because of these material weaknesses, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting through the date of this report or during the quarter ended June 30, 2023, that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Independent Registered Accountant s Internal Control Attestation This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Corrective Action Management plans to address the structure of the Board of Directors and discuss adding an audit committee during fiscal year 2023. Item 9B. Other Information. None. 45 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names and positions of our current executive officers and directors. Name and Address Age Position(s) Held Steve Rubakh 60 President, CEO, CFO, Secretary, and Director Biographies of Directors and Executive Officers Steve Rubakh has been our President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, and a Director since April 1, 2015. Mr. Rubakh founded EMS Factory, Inc., in 2011, where he oversaw the day-to-day operations and assisted in building and creating a vision for the company. At the end of 2014, Mr. Rubakh took the company to the next stage by initiating the development of the on-demand mobile application and platform on which the Company strategy is now based. In 2003, he founded Power Sports Factory, Inc., and served as the President until 2010. Prior to founding Power Sports Factory, Mr. Rubakh was the founder of International Parking Concepts specializing in providing services to the hospitality industry. Mr. Rubakh attended both Community College of Philadelphia and Temple University majoring in business administration. Corporate Governance Directors are elected at the annual stockholder meeting or appointed by our Board of Directors and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualified. When a new director is appointed to fill a vacancy created by an increase in the number of directors, that director holds office until the next election of one or more directors by stockholders. Officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and their terms of office are at the discretion of our Board of Directors. Committees of our Board of Directors Audit Committee Our Board of Directors plans to establish an Audit Committee, the members of which shall be considered as independent under the standards for independence for audit committee members established by the NYSE. The Audit Committee will operate under a written charter. Other Committees The Board does not have standing compensation or nominating committees. The Board does not believe a compensation or nominating committee is necessary based on the size of the Company, the current levels of compensation to corporate officers and voting control by our major stockholder. The Board will consider establishing compensation and nominating committees at the appropriate time. Stockholder Communications The Board has not established a formal process for stockholders to send communications, including director nominations, to the Board; however, the names of all directors are available to stockholders in this report. Any stockholder may send a communication to any member of the Board of Directors, in care of the Company, at 18385 Route 287, Tioga, PA 16946 (Attention: Secretary). Director nominations submitted by a stockholder will be considered by the full Board. Due to the infrequency of stockholder communications to the Board, the Board does not believe that a more formal process is necessary. However, the Board will consider, from time to time, whether adoption of a more formal process for such stockholder communications has become necessary or appropriate. 46 Table of Contents Other Information about our Board of Directors During our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, our Board of Directors acted by written consent times. Directors and Officers Liability Insurance The Company does not have directors and officers liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. Director Compensation We compensate directors as per specific agreements with each director, as applicable. Director compensation to Steve Rubakh, our sole director, is included in the total compensation discussed in Item 11, Executive Compensation. Section 16(a) Compliance by Officers and Directors Based solely upon a review of Mr. Steve Rubakh, our CEO, we believe that we did not need to, and we did not file any Forms 3, 4 or 5 during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Item 11. Executive Compensation. General We have one executive officer, who is currently our only employee. Mr. Rubakh is paid an annual salary established by the Board of Directors, bonuses as determined by the Board of Directors, and is issued shares of Series B preferred stock on a quarterly basis for additional compensation. The number and timing of Series B preferred shares issued to Mr. Rubakh is at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Effective July 1, 2022, the Board of Directors agreed to update Mr. Rubakh s compensation setting his annual salary at 250,000 with a quarterly bonus of 50,000 and 50,000 shares of Series B preferred stock. 47 Table of Contents The following summary compensation table sets forth information concerning compensation for services rendered in all capacities, including that of director, during fiscal years 2023 and 2022 awarded to, earned by or paid to our executive officer. Name and Principal Position Year Salary (2) ) Bonus (2) ) Stock Awards (3) ) Option and Warrant Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Steve Rubakh 2023 250,000 200,000 15,247,500 - - - - 15,697,500 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director(1) 2022 250,000 200,000 2,438,900 - - - - 2,888,900 (1) Mr. Rubakh was appointed as CEO, CFO and Director on April 1, 2015. (2) The Board of Directors of the Company set the annual compensation for Steve Rubakh to include annual salary of 150,000 per year through March 31, 2021 and 250,000 effective April 1, 2021. In addition, the Board of Directors approved a bonus of 50,000 per quarter beginning the quarter ended June 30, 2021. (3) For the years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 200,000, 200,000 and 350,000 shares of Series B preferred stock, respectively, as part of Mr. Rubakh s compensation package. The Series B preferred stock is convertible into 100 shares of common stock and is valued for financial reporting purposes on an as converted to common basis, using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the issuance date. Accrued compensation payable to Steve Rubakh as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 was 297,138 and 250,610, respectively. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock, Series A Preferred Stock and Series B preferred stock as of September 20, 2023, for: i. each person or entity who, to our knowledge, beneficially owns more than 5 of each class or series of our outstanding stock; ii. each executive officer and named officer; iii. each director; and iv. all of our officers and directors as a group. 48 Table of Contents Except as indicated in the footnotes to the following table, the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock and preferred stock beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the stockholders listed below is: c/o 18385 Route 287, Tioga, PA 16946. Name of Amount and Nature of Percent of Total Voting Title of Class Beneficial Owners Ownership (1) Class (2) Shares Common stock, 0.001 par value Steve Rubakh (3) 18385 Route 287 Tioga, PA 16946 1,997,701 (3) 49.94 1,997,701 (3) Series A preferred stock, 0.001 par value Steve Rubakh (3)(4) 500,000 100 500,000,000 Series B preferred stock, 0.001 par value Steve Rubakh (3)(5) 105,000 100 10,500,000 Series C preferred stock, 0.001 par value BHP Capital NY, Inc. (6) 1,125 100 132 Series D preferred stock, 0.001 par value BHP Capital NY, Inc. (6) 3,000 100 80 Total voting shares Steve Rubakh 512,497,701 All officers and directors (one person) 512,497,701 Percentage of voting shares 99.61 less than 1 (1) Beneficial Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power to the shares of the Company s common stock. For each Beneficial Owner listed, any options or convertible securities exercisable or convertible within 60 days have been also included for purposes of calculating their beneficial ownership of outstanding common stock. (2) As of September 20, 2023, a total of 3,999,992 shares of the Company s common stock are outstanding. (3) Mr. Rubakh owns 1,995,297 shares of common stock directly and has voting control over 2,404 shares held by Stanislav Rubakh and Kim Rubakh, and, as a result, has voting control over 1,997,701 shares of common stock. Mr. Rubakh holds 105,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock directly, convertible into 10,500,000 shares of common stock and representing 10,500,000 total voting shares. Mr. Rubakh also owns all of the outstanding 500,000 shares of the super-voting Series A Preferred stock representing 50,000,000 voting shares. (4) The Series A preferred stock is not convertible into common stock but is representative of 50,000,000 shares of common stock solely for voting purposes. (5) As of September 20, 2023, a total of 105,00 shares of the Company s Series B preferred stock are outstanding. The Series B preferred stock is convertible into 100,500,000 shares of common stock, and the holder has the right to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, on an as converted basis. (6) As of September 20, 2023, a total of 1,125 Series C preferred stock and 3,000 Series D preferred stock are outstanding. The Series C preferred stock is convertible into 132 shares of common stock, and the holder has the right to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, on an as converted basis, and the Series D preferred stock is convertible into 80 shares of common stock, and the holder has the right to vote, together with holders of Common Stock, on an as converted basis. The natural person with voting power on behalf of BHP Capital NY Inc. is Bryan Pantofel. Applicable percentage ownership in the preceding table is based on approximately 3,999,992 shares of common stock outstanding as of September 20, 2023 plus, for everyone, any securities that individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of September 20, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power over securities. The number of shares shown as beneficially owned in the tables below are calculated pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d)(1) of the Exchange Act. Under Rule 13d-3(d)(1), shares not outstanding that are subject to options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the number and percentage owned by such person, but not deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by each other person listed. 49 Table of Contents Changes in Control None. Item 13. Certain Relationship and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions We have one executive officer, Steve Rubakh, who is currently our only full-time employee and sole member of our Board of Directors. Mr. Rubakh is paid an annual salary established by the Board of Directors, bonuses as determined by the Board of Directors, and is issued shares of Series B preferred stock on a quarterly basis for additional compensation. The number and timing of Series B preferred shares issued to Mr. Rubakh is at the discretion of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors of the Company set the current annual compensation for Steve Rubakh to include annual salary of 250,000 per year effective April 1, 2021. Total compensation expense included in general and administrative expenses was 450,000 and 450,000 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amounts due to related party, consisting of accrued salary to Mr. Rubakh, totaled 297,138 and 250,610 as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued to Mr. Rubakh 200,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock valued on an as converted to common basis at 15,247,500, using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on that date. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued to Mr. Rubakh 200,000 shares of Series B convertible preferred stock valued on an as converted to common basis at 2,438,990, using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on that date. Each share of Series B preferred stock is convertible into 100 shares of the Company s common stock. This non-cash, related party stock-based compensation is included in operating expenses in the accompanying statements of operations. Subsequent to June 30, 2023, Mr. Rubakh converted 11,355 shares of Series B preferred stock into 1,135,500 shares of common stock in a transaction recorded at the par value of the shares. Director Independence We currently have no independent directors as that term is defined in Rule 4200 of Nasdaq s listing standards. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Audit Fees For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate fees billed by M K CPAS PLLC for professional services rendered for the audit (including quarterly reviews) of our annual financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K were 57,000 and 47,500, respectively. Audit fees consist of amounts billed for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagement. Audit-Related Fees For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we were not billed for any audit-related fees. Audit-related fees consist of assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit and reviews of our financial statements and are not included in audit fees. 50 Table of Contents Tax Fees Tax fees consist of professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. The nature of these tax services is tax preparation. Our independent auditors do not provide us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. All Other Fees None. Audit Committee Approval We do not have an audit committee of our board of directors. We believe that each member of our board has the expertise and experience to adequately serve our stockholders interests while serving as directors. Since we are not required to maintain an audit committee and our full board acts in the capacity of an audit committee, we have not elected to designate any member of our board as an audit committee financial expert. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: The list of financial statements required by this Item is set forth in Item 8. (b) Exhibits: See the list of Exhibits in the Exhibits Index to this Form 10-K as follows, which are incorporated herein by reference. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not Applicable. 51 Table of Contents EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Description of Exhibit 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on June 7, 2011] 3.1(a) Certificate of Amendment, filed December 1, 2014 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on December 8, 2015] 3.1(b) Certificate of Designations of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock, filed March 12, 2015 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 20, 2015] 3.2 Bylaws of the Company [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on June 7, 2011] 3.2(a) Amendment to Exhibit A to the Company s By-Laws, effective August 12, 2015 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2(a) to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2015] 3.1(c) Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed August 3, 2016, with the Secretary of State of Nevada [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(c) to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 11, 2016] 3.1(d) Certificate of Correction, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on November 7, 2016 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(d) to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2016] 3.1(e) Certificate of Designation for the Company s Series B Preferred Stock, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on December 21, 2015 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(e) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017] 3.1(f) Certificate of Amendment, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on March 15, 2017 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(f) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017] 3.1(g) Articles of Merger for the merger of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Interactive Ventures, Inc., into the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on June 14, 2017 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(g) to our Annual Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 14, 2017] 3.1(h) Certificate of Amendment, filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on March 15, 2019 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(h) to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2019] 3.1(i) Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock filed January 20, 2021, as amended January 21, 2021 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(j) to our Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on January 29, 2021] 3.1(k) Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock filed February 19 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(k) to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021] 4.1 Form of Warrant in connection with Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchasers [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2021] 4.2 Form of September 13 Amendment Agreement [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2022] 4.3 Form of September 15 Amendment Agreement [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 16, 2022] 10.1 Amendment dated November 16, 2020 to Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 4, 2020, between the Company and Eagle Equities, LLC, and to Convertible Redeemable Note due February 4, 2020 issued August 4, 2020 to Eagle Equities, LLC [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 18, 2020] 10.2 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 4, 2020, between the Company and Eagle Equities, LLC [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020] 10.3 Form of Convertible Redeemable Note due February 4, 2020 issued August 4, 2020 to Eagle Equities, LLC [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020] 52 Table of Contents 10.4 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 14, 2021, between the Company and BHP Capital NY, Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2021] 10.5 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 18, 2021, between the Company and BHP Capital NY, Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021] 10.6 Common Stock Purchase Warrant, issued February 18, 2021, by the Company to BHP Capital NY , Inc. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2021] 10.7 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchasers [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2021] 10.8 Form of Lock-Up in connection with Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 30, 2021, by and between the Company and the Purchasers [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 2, 2021] 10.9 Form of Non-Fixed Price Sales and Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2021, by and between the Company and Bitmain [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021] 10.10 Master Agreement, dated March 8, 2021, by and between the Company and Compute North LLC [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to our Form 10-K filed September 24, 2021] 10.11 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2021, by and between the Company and BHP Capital NY, Inc. [Incorporate by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to our Form 10-K filed September 24, 2021] 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, filed herewith 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, filed herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase _________ Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed furnished and not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or deemed furnished and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 53 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. /s/ Steve Rubakh September 28, 2023 Steve Rubakh, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer Date Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 intv_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 intv_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION I, Steve Rubakh, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Integrated Ventures, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on Integrated Ventures, Inc. s most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. Dated: September 28, 2023 By: /s/ Steve Rubakh Steve Rubakh Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 intv_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 intv_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Integrated Ventures, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report I, Steve Rubakh, President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: September 28, 2023 By: /s/ Steve Rubakh Steve Rubakh Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 intv-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 intv-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 intv-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 intv-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

