<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230810_10-K_edgar_data_1560143_0001683168-23-005497.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5334423</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>227496</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>932769</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1390628</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1224986</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1413166</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-005497.hdr.sgml : 20230810
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230810143347
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-005497
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		67
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230810
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230810

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WYTEC INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001560143
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEGRAPH & OTHER MESSAGE COMMUNICATIONS [4822]
		IRS NUMBER:				460720717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39478
		FILM NUMBER:		231158641

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19206 HUEBNER ROAD, SUITE 202
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78258
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(210) 233-8980

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19206 HUEBNER ROAD, SUITE 202
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78258

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-005497.txt : 20230810

10-K
 1
 wytec_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

 OR 

 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 From _______________ to ________________. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices, including
zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on 
 which registered 

N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, cannot yet be determined since the outstanding common
stock of the registrant is not yet publicly trading on any public securities trading market, and a valuation of the common stock has
not otherwise been established. 

The number of shares of common stock, 0.001
par value, outstanding on August 8, 2023 was shares. 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

Index to Report on Form 10-K 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 12 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 13 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 21 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 22 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 23 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 34 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 35 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 37 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 38 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

General 

Wytec International, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation Wytec, the Company, we, us, or our ), is a
designer and owner of patented small cell technology focused on developing private 5G LTE networks capable of better supporting public
safety and improving educational opportunities across the United States. Wytec offers in-building and citywide 5G solutions utilizing
multiple 5G equipment vendors in combination with its patented LPN-16 small cell technology to complete its network designs. Wytec was
incorporated in November 2011 with the purchase of five (5) United States patents (all of which have since expired) directly related to
local multipoint distribution service LMDS ), utilized in broadband wireless access technology and originally designed for
digital television transmission. In June 2014, Wytec filed a provisional patent for its small cell technology which we now call the LPN-16. 
In December 2017, we were granted a patent for our LPN-16 by the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), patent
number 9,807,032. The patent is described as an Upgradeable, High Data Transfer Speed, Multichannel Transmission System UHTMTS ).
The design of the LPN-16 has been purposed as a small cell device to be installed on strategically placed utility poles throughout the
United States in support of a hybrid dense network necessary for the next generation of mobile communications known as 5G. In December
2020, Wytec was granted a second patent by the USPTO, patent number 10868775 B2, which is an expansion to our original 2017 patent. Wytec
designs its 5G networks to be capable of supporting private long-term evolution Private LTE allowing private ownership
of the network. Private LTE networks have become enhanced due to the most recent Federal Communications Commission FCC commercialization of the Citizens Broadband Radio Service CBRS spectrum now integrated in smart devices including 5G smartphones.
As a result of both Private LTE and CBRS, municipal governments, school districts and private sector companies are now potential customers
for Wytec. While Wytec is a public reporting company, its common stock is not yet quoted for public trading. 

Industry Overview 

Since the 1990s, a popular
global movement to close what is known as the Digital Divide has been ongoing, but has yet to materialize into a universal
and ubiquitous solution. The Digital Divide refers to the gap between those who are able to benefit from adequate internet access and
those who are not. This movement has energized concerns in the educational industry as more than 40 million Americans and an estimated
12 million students still have limited or no access to broadband, according to Broadband Now and a report by the Boston Consulting Group.
Recently, the movement has been further energized by the massive economic disturbance of the Coronavirus. Thus, on March 27, 2020, the
116th U.S. Congress passed a 2.2 trillion economic stimulus bill known as the CARES Act. Immediately, billions of dollars of funding
requests came in from counties, cities, and ISDs in hopes of further resolving the raging Digital Divide issue and its devastating effect
on underserved citizens and students across the United States. A portion of these much-needed funds will be utilized to upgrade America s
communication infrastructure necessary for supporting an increased expansion into the nation s underserved broadband areas and to
support the next generation of cellular services called 5G. 

As a result of this increased
need for greater data capacity, cellular carriers have been aggressively pursuing new technologies to manage this massive data growth.
The next generation of wireless communication services, 5G, has now been introduced and is touted to be a significant component to resolving
America s future communications needs in fixed broadband and cellular connectivity. For the U.S. cellular industry to meet this
challenge, we believe a radical change in network architecture is needed. 

Current 4G LTE data traffic
depends on Macro cell towers for virtually all of the country s cellular transmission. These towers, which are easily
recognized across America s landscape, stand several hundred feet in height and support antennas six to nine feet in length. These
mammoth towers cost mobile operators billions of dollars to construct and millions more to operate. Macro towers were originally designed
to support cellular signals in a radius of two to three miles or more and provide service for thousands of subscribers. This design is
no longer adequate in meeting current consumer demand or the anticipated speeds of 5G. 

1 

To overcome this inadequacy,
5G network architecture must condense the coverage area with the use of Small Cells, with two primary objectives in mind: to increase
data capacity and to reduce the transmission time between cell towers and consumers cellular devices. Most communication experts
agree that Small Cells will be the driving force behind 5G services enabling gigabit speeds on essentially all cellular communication
devices, including Smartphones. Small Cells are designed to be mounted on utility poles and other structures no higher than 30 feet in
height permitting the flexibility of placement throughout a city supporting citywide ubiquitous coverage. This new architecture has now
become the primary infrastructure design for all citywide 5G deployments. According to an article by Price Waterhouse Coopers PwC ), 5G networks can t succeed without a small cell revolution. 

Connectivity for All 

Wytec owns patented small
cell technology known as the LPN-16. Its neutral-host design is its key differentiator from other small cell technologies,
with its ability to support multiple spectrum (frequency) usage owned and utilized by multiple mobile operators simultaneously. We expect
this multi-operator architecture to be overwhelmingly accepted by city governments due to the desire of multiple carriers to be located
on the same utility pole to expand their 5G coverage. Carriers are also expected to avidly embrace Wytec s solution due to a substantially
reduced installation cost and speed of deployment. 

Another key feature and differentiator
of Wytec s LPN-16 design is its ability to rapidly expand Private LTE networks. Already, the City of San Antonio, in a recent article,
has indicated a major initiative in deploying a citywide private network to be integrated with its school districts in support of greater
distance learning capabilities and increased public safety. Though much of the funding support could rely on federal relief programs,
Wytec believes that it can present a way of self-funding these needed initiatives through a collaboration involving existing
Independent School Districts ISDs federal funds (already in place), revenue derived from a Private LTE network
(owned by both the city and ISD), and private funding from the capital markets. 

Today, carriers dominate the
mobile cellular industry, but due to 5G deployment requiring small cells to be installed on utility poles, city governments have significant
influence over small cell deployments in accordance with right of way regulations requiring pole access. This legal authority
by municipalities has had a major impact on the slow speed of 5G deployment throughout America s cities. Without this legal authority,
municipal governments fear that carriers could further dominate their presence by overcrowding America s utility poles with small
cells leaving both an eyesore and potential hazards. We believe that Wytec s LPN-16 diminishes these concerns due to its multi-carrier
features allowing for multiple operators to gain access to poles and utilize the network simultaneously. 

Revenue Opportunities 

In October 2019, Wytec, participated
in a Request For Proposal (the RFP issued by the Laredo ISD in Laredo, Texas involving in-building cellular enhancement
for the ISD. Wytec won the RFP with the lowest bid and desired technology choice and was awarded the contract consisting of 42 buildings
within the district with a contract value of approximately 1M. Laredo ISD is a member of the Central Texas Purchasing Alliance CTPA consisting of 150 other ISDs. Due to language within the Contract under Section 791.001 of the Texas Government Code, all members of the
CTPA became eligible to utilize the same winning bid as the Laredo ISD. The CTPA consists of more than 4,300 buildings, representing approximately
513,270,000 square feet. The Laredo ISD winning bid was 0.39 per square feet. In October 2022, the contract was renewed and extended
to October 2024 with the price per square foot increased to 1.54. Assuming all CTPA members took advantage of the 1.54 price per square
foot updated pricing, Wytec could realize revenues of approximately 1,192,241.88 through October 2024. Wytec is now building out its
second school district under the benefit of Section 791.001 of the Texas Code and is aligning itself to manage a more aggressive build-out
over the extended contract period. 

In addition to Wytec s
revenue potential involving cellular enhancement and Private LTE, the Company plans to utilize its LPN-16 technology to offer public-private
partnerships PPP to municipalities to enable access to Mobile Virtual Network Operators MVNOs ), including
both the cable industry and Wireless Internet Service Providers WISPs ). Today, cable operators are aggressively pursuing
mobile cellular solutions due to their eroding subscriber base to the carriers. Cellular service is currently offered to cable operators
through wholesale access by virtually all carriers, but cable operators struggle to achieve acceptable profit margins due the competitive
nature of obtaining cellular customers. Wytec s LPN-16 Small Cell, through its neutral host features, promotes equal cost benefits
for both carriers and cable operators without favoring greater profit margins to one or the other. The Company anticipates wide acceptance
of the LPN-16 by city governments due to its multi-carrier service availability. There are 450 cable operators aggressively pursuing MVNO
services in the United States. This initiative by cable operators is anticipated to create a substantial revenue opportunity for Wytec. 

2 

As described above, we believe
that Wytec s LPN-16 small cell offers two significant revenue opportunities involving both a potential sale of the LPN-16 to private
LTE clients (such as schools and cities) and as a 5G (Wytec owned) network to support PPP initiatives with municipalities to support wholesale
clients such as carriers, cable operators, and WISPs. In a recent publication by Allied Market Research, studies suggest that the small
cell 5G Market will reach 6.87 billion by 2026. 

Wytec s Network Infrastructure- Supporting
Wytec Products/Services 

The LPN-16, recognized by
USPTO patent number 9,807,032, as expanded by USPTO patent number 10868775 B2, is an Upgradeable, High Data Transfer Speed, Multichannel
Transmission System. The LPN-16 is a local area network system that includes modular, multi-frequency, multi-channel, upgradable
transmission nodes. The transmission nodes can include one or more independent RF modules. However, due to the recent FCC commercialization
of the CBRS spectrum, Wytec is able to expand its Private LTE network configuration more rapidly to support other technologies such as
distributed antenna systems DAS for public safety, gunshot detection, remote learning, and multiple other Internet of
Things IOT applications. The LPN-16 provides transmission and network services for wireless data, wireless video, wireless
voice, voice over internet protocol VoIP ), local portal for emergency services, mesh node from one transmission to the
next, single channel transmission, multi-channel transmission, Wi-Fi access as well as a number of other similar services. We believe
this range of services and the timeline of 5G networks needing small cell capabilities squarely places Wytec in the path of serving several
substantial markets such as small cells as a service, outdoor Wi-Fi, the IOT, and a host of other related telecommunications services. 

We believe Wytec offers a
powerful alternative to the in-building cellular enhancement market which consists of signal boosters, small cells and related indoor
DAS. DAS is designed to strengthen cellular signals in facilities where materials interfere with cellular frequencies and diminish the
quality of a cellular call or data usage. DAS may be deployed indoors (an iDAS or outdoors (an oDAS ), and
is a way to deal with isolated spots of poor cellular coverage inside a large building by installing a network of relatively small antennas
throughout the building to serve as repeaters. Traditional DAS requires the support of the carrier to allow access to their network and
can take months to obtain and cost substantially more. 

We believe that our in-building
solution, costing about one third (1/3) that of traditional DAS, is a viable alternative solution without the tedious and sometimes delayed
support of the carriers. The Company has already deployed the service in more than 20 building facilities. Wytec has established valuable
vendor relationships for in-building solutions with Nokia, Ericsson, Samsung and Nextivity. 

Wytec, with its preferred
vendor relationships, plans to generate significant revenues deploying in-building, Private LTE and public safety services in 2023. 

Customer Concentration 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, we received approximately 76 of our gross revenue from our cellular enhancement contract with the Laredo Independent School
District Laredo in Bexar County, Texas. Total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 413,858, and revenue from
the Laredo contract during this period was 315,814. Purchase orders for other Alliance ISDs aggregate under this single contract, but
we believe that the selling opportunities are far more varied than suggested by the revenue associated with that contract because many
different ISDs are available to purchase our products and services through the contract without competitive bidding and other lengthy
procedures. Accordingly, our customer base is already diversifying with the recent signing of the Round Rock ISD. Our terms for cellular
enhancement services, as reflected in the Laredo contract, are already pre-approved by the Central Texas Purchasing Alliance CTPA comprised of approximately 150 school districts in central Texas. We have, however, only done a few projects for private commercial enterprises
(although we ve done some notable buildings, such as the Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas), and have not extensively pursued
business in that sector of the market. The loss of our relationship with the CTPA would have a material adverse impact on our future results
of operations, financial condition and business performance. 

3 

Southwest Research Institute SwRI ), located in San Antonio Texas, engaged us to serve as the general contractor for a pilot project directed
by Bexar County, to develop a Private LTE network with Southwest Independent School District SWISD within the County to
support enhanced internet broadband services to be delivered on a fixed wireless network utilizing the recently commercialized FCC CBRS.
Wytec hired the Nokia Corporation to assist in the pilot project utilizing Nokia s small cell technology. Bexar County hired SwRI
to advise it with respect to the Private LTE project, and SwRI hired us to implement it. The pilot project did not result in any further
projects from Bexar. 

We obtained Laredo as a customer
for our cellular enhancement service prior to the Bexar County pilot project, and our service for Laredo is ongoing. We expect our customer
base to gradually diversify among the various schools that seek cellular enhancement services for public safety and convenience reasons,
and among other entities, including commercial enterprises that may also purchase our Private LTE solution. 

Agreement with Laredo School District 

We entered into an In-Building
Wireless Solution Agreement with Laredo on or about September 19, 2019 (the Agreement ). The Agreement is the result of a
Request for Proposal RFP circulated by Laredo in 2019 for the design, installation and maintenance of a cellular enhancement
system for Laredo s schools and school buildings. It contains detailed specifications and performance requirements for the system.
We won the contract through competitive bidding and submission of a comprehensive response to the RFP. The price of the system for Laredo
is fixed by turnkey cost covenants by us in the Agreement. We are required to provide ongoing maintenance services for the system. These
services are promised by us at fixed turnkey prices in approved budgets at contract commencement. The Agreement has an initial term of
three years, subject to evaluation and renewal for up to two more years through September 19, 2024. Additional items not subject to the
turnkey provisions can be ordered by Laredo or other ISDs that work under our contract by submission of purchase orders to us. Specified
insurance certificates must be obtained and maintained during the term of the contract. We are required to furnish standard minimum manufacturer s
warranties to Laredo, and Laredo does not waive any warranties, whether express or implied. Laredo has the right to terminate the Agreement
for cause or without cause at any time. The Agreement provides that we indemnify Laredo for losses, costs
or liabilities it may incur due to our performance of services or provision of goods. Laredo is not obligated to indemnify us. The Agreement
confers on Laredo the right to audit our project books and records, and contains a No Arbitration clause. It also prohibits
conflicts of interest in any matter involving or affecting the projects. 

Memorandum of Understanding with Trabus Technologies 

In March 2023, we entered
into a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Trabus Technologies to expand the capabilities of our patented LPN-16 to include
a peer-to-peer technology developed and patented by Trabus Technologies. We believe that the new technology known as Spectrally Efficient
Peer to Peer or SEPP will significantly enhance and rapidly expand Wytec s small cell coverage due its ability to
convert any cellular device into an additional transmitter instantaneously preventing any point of failure on Wytec s Private LTE
network. The final agreement between Wytec and Trabus Technologies is expected to specify multiple phases of development prior to conducting
a pilot project directed at an independent school district and its surrounding city. Wytec plans to identify a pilot project upon concluding
phase 2 of a proposed phase 3 development period to commercialize the enhanced LPN-16 technology before the end of 2023. 

Competition 

There are numerous
existing and commercially available methods of providing both small cell technology and high-speed Internet to multi-tenant commercial
and residential units. This makes the telecommunications industry highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and subject to rapid technology
changes. Additionally, there are numerous telecommunications service companies that conduct extensive advertising campaigns to capture
market share in this highly competitive market. We believe the principal competitive factors affecting our lines of business for LPN-16
is its neutral host features allowing multiple carriers to host on one small cell. Additionally, Wytec s business
model invokes a universal placement strategy through its relationship with cities interested in universal support for its school districts.
We believe this has placed Wytec in a unique position to incorporate a neutral host small cell that has universal placement throughout
a city. 

4 

Small Cell
Market . Fortune Business Insight expects the global small
cell 5G network market size to reach 17,944.5 million by 2028, exhibiting a compounded annual growth rate
of 54.4 during the forecast period. According to Fortune Business Insights, surging investments by governments in IT projects can have
a tremendous impact on the market growth in the foreseeable future. 

Competition by Service
(Internet). There are a substantial number of local, regional, and national residential and commercial Internet Service Providers ISPs hosting data, voice and texting services in the United States. Publicly traded brands such AT T, Verizon, T-Mobile,
Sprint, Cox Communications, Spectrum, Comcast, and Tower Stream all provide both commercial and/or residential cellular and wired Internet
services. Although we incorporate the development of a wide area network similar to the carriers, our differentiator would be the incorporation
of a small cell deployment integrated with our SEPP technology. As of the date of this Report, we know of no other network provider utilizing
small cells integrated with peer-to-peer technology as presented by the patented SEPP technology. 

Competition for Tower
Site Location Rentals (Access) . For the deployment of Wytec s small cell, adequate access to rights-of-way on buildings
and utility poles is necessary. There are a number of other local, regional, and national parties interested in building/utility pole
space access. This includes the equipment used by various public utilities, including electric utilities, major cellular carriers, fiber
optic companies and cable companies, and may also include equipment placed by the municipality for public safety. 

Intellectual Property 

Although the five (5) U.S.
patents related to LMDS or millimeter technology, we own are now expired, in May 2017, we were granted a patent for our LPN-16 technology
and device by the USPTO, patent number 9,807,032. In December of 2020, we were granted a second patent for additional claims to its LPN-16
and device by the USPTO, patent number 10868775 B2. We may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business
and third parties may sue us for intellectual property infringement or initiate proceedings to invalidate our intellectual property. Moreover,
should we be found liable for infringement, we may be required to enter into licensing agreements (if available on acceptable terms or
at all), pay damages or curtail our product and service offerings. We may also need to redesign some of our products or services to avoid
future infringement liability. Any of the foregoing could prevent us from competing effectively and could adversely affect our business. 

Government Regulation 

Wytec generally is subject
to all of the governmental regulations that regulate businesses generally such as compliance with regulatory requirements of federal,
state, and local agencies and authorities, including regulations concerning the environment, permits for certain activities, workplace
safety, labor relations, employee rights, and government taxes. The adoption of any additional laws or regulations may decrease the growth
of our business, decrease the demand for services and increase our cost of doing business. Changes in tax laws also could have a significant
adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we
have six full-time employees. Currently, there are no organized labor agreements or union agreements between us and our employees. Assuming
we can earn additional revenue through organic growth, acquisitions and strategic alliances during 2023, we may need to hire additional
employees. In the interim, we intend to use the services of independent consultants and contractors to perform various professional services
when appropriate. We believe the use of third-party service providers may enhance our ability to control general and administrative expenses
and operate efficiently. 

5 

Seasonality 

Our operations
are not expected to be materially affected by seasonality. 

Item 1A Risks Factors 

The following discussion of
risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Form 10-K.
The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 

The business, financial condition
and operating results of the Company can be affected by several factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited
to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company s actual financial condition
and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these
factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results
and stock price. 

Because
of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s financial condition and operating results, past financial
performance should not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate results
or trends in future periods. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Marketplace 

If we are unable to
renew lease agreements for the locations where our equipment is installed, our business could be harmed . We constructed our first
wireless network in Columbus, Ohio to include the installation of our millimeter wave equipment on select rooftops and other structures
(our Diamond Ring) pursuant to lease or license agreements designed to send and receive wireless signals necessary for the operation of
the network. While we have tested this network, we have not yet launched it for daily commercial operations and have not yet built any
other networks, although we are currently doing several cellular enhancement installations, and are building a Private LTE network for
Bexar County, Texas. Nevertheless, we would typically seek five-year initial terms for our leases with three (3) to five (5) year renewal
options. Such renewal options are generally exercisable at our discretion before the expiration of the current term. If these leases are
terminated or if the owners of these structures are unwilling to continue to enter into leases or licenses with us in the future, or breach
those agreements with us, we would be forced to seek alternative arrangements with other building owners or providers. If we are unable
to continue to obtain, retain or renew such leases on satisfactory terms, our business would be harmed. 

We have a history of
operating losses and expect to continue incurring losses for the foreseeable future . Our current business was launched
in 2011 and has incurred losses in each year of operation. We cannot anticipate when, if ever, our operations will become profitable.
We expect to incur significant net losses as we invest in our technology, expand our markets and pursue our business strategy. We intend
to invest significantly in our business before we expect cash flow from operations to be adequate to cover our operating expenses. If
we are unable to execute our business strategy and grow our business, either as a result of the risks identified in this section or for
any other reason, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

The Private LTE services
and LPN-16 telecommunications equipment and services that we are selling are relatively new in our portfolio, and the revenue model for
them is uncertain. We do not have extensive experience in pricing Private LTE services, nor have we yet deployed LPN-16 with our
networks or charged anyone for its capabilities. There is a risk that we may not price and bill sufficiently for those products and services
to earn a profit, especially in the early stages of our sale and installation of them. We may continue to incur operating losses even
as our sales and revenue increase. 

6 

Our Link Program was
terminated, and we may have liability with respect to the remaining outstanding Links. Through January 2016, Wytec had been relying
primarily on the sale of registered links and related equipment and services Links through Wylink, Inc., a former wholly
owned subsidiary which we dissolved in 2020, for revenue and working capital. Wylink terminated the offer and sale of Links in January
2016, except for two sales in July 2016. From June 2016 to December 2017, Wytec had been offering to buy back Links in consideration for
the issuance of its Series B Preferred Stock and warrants at 3.00 per unit (i.e., one share of Series B Preferred Stock and one warrant
exercisable at 1.50 per share until December 31, 2018). Subsequently, in 2018, 2019 and 2022, Wytec has been making exchange offers for
Links by offering shares of common stock and warrants for them. As of December 31, 2022, we had repurchased all but 22 outstanding
 Links that currently remain with third party owners. Those outstanding Links include 8 that are activated and 14 that are not yet
and may not be activated. We are generally retaining activated live Links that are repurchased by us and letting pending
Links lapse for the present. Once Links were sold, Wytec incurred substantial costs to provide equipment and make related lease payments
on activated Links. The Company has recently shifted its focus to in-building cellular and Private LTE services, respectively, and to
LPN-16. Consequently, the Company has discontinued the Link program. In fact, it plans to continue to try to repurchase them to give Linkholders
a better opportunity to monetize their purchase of them and to strengthen the Company s balance sheet by having holders exchange
them for equity. We have recorded a current liability for other payables on our balance sheet for the remaining outstanding
Links. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to retire the rest of the outstanding Links, or that it will not have claims
asserted by Linkholders against it for forced activations and lease renewals or refunds. 

Our success depends
in part on the results of current and planned tests of our proprietary LPN-16 technology . Testing thus far has included environmental
and radio frequency interference testing with our manufacturer and multiple speed tests utilizing an integrated 2.4GHz and 5GHz Qualcomm
802.11ac chipset which we completed in December of 2014. Additional tests will include proof of concept testing for network load balancing,
public safety Band 14, the newly commercialized CBRS band, and mobile network operator mobile data offloading, and WiFi and backhaul network
testing. While we expect future tests of our LPN-16 to go well since preliminary testing of the technology in San Antonio, Texas was positive,
the LPN-16 may not work as we have currently designed and constructed it, causing us material delays and harm. If the LPN-16 fails the
upcoming tests or the tests are materially delayed, it could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results,
and business performance. The timing of the commencement of the launch of the LPN-16 product line is currently uncertain, and may be delayed
until we have more capital to fund it. There is no assurance that our LPN-16 or any other proprietary technology that we develop will
be successful, will work as planned, or can be commercialized or monetized profitably. 

If our planned comprehensive
testing of the LPN-16 with Trabus Technologies does not yield favorable results, the execution of our business plan could be delayed or
otherwise adversely effected . We are planning to conduct comprehensive trials in the near future with Trabus Technologies to test
the efficacy of the LPN-16, and while we expect good results with respect to transmission speed, capacity, latency, clarity, and related
performance parameters, there is no assurance that the actual results will not be less than expected. There is no assurance as to the
date on which the trials will be conducted and completed. The trials with satisfactory results are a necessary predicate to commercializing
and deploying our LPN-16 small cell technology. There is no assurance as to the performance results that will be experienced in the upcoming
trials. If the results are not satisfactory, we will be delayed in the execution of our business plan, our costs will rise as we make
necessary adjustments to the prototypes, and our anticipated revenue will be reduced or delayed. 

We must adapt quickly
to changes in technology . Telecommunications technology is a rapidly evolving technology. We must keep abreast of this technological
evolution. To do so, we must continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our equipment and related products. If we
fail to maintain a competitive level of technological expertise, then we will not be able to compete in our market. 

Our revenues are concentrated
in a small number of customers and they may decrease significantly if we were to lose one of these customers . One customer (i.e.,
Laredo) generated approximately 76 of our revenue in the year ended December 31, 2022. Purchase orders aggregate under the Laredo contract,
but we believe that the selling opportunities are far more varied than suggested by the revenue associated with the Laredo contract because
many different ISDs are able to purchase our products and services through that contract without competitive bidding or other lengthy
procedures. In that regard, we have preferred vendor status with the Central Texas Purchasing Alliance CTPA of which Laredo
is a member, along with approximately 150 other school districts in Texas. Nevertheless, this high concentration of revenue from a single
customer creates a risk that our revenue may decrease substantially if we were to lose this customer. We cannot assure that our current
main customer will continue to purchase our products and services in the future. 

7 

Our inability to respond
timely to technological advances could have an adverse effect on our business . We must be able to respond to technological advances
and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. We can offer no assurance that we will be able to
successfully use new technologies effectively or adapt our products and services in a timely manner to a competitive standard. If we are
unable to adapt in a timely manner to changing technology, market conditions or customer requirements, then we may not be able to successfully
compete in our market. 

Our ability to protect
our intellectual property is uncertain . We assigned the five patents we acquired in 2011 to our former subsidiary, Wytec, LLC,
which was then managed and 50 owned by General Patent Corporation GPC ). GPC, the oldest patent enforcement firm in the
United States, represents clients on patent enforcement rights and licensing transactions on a contingency basis. After extensive research
and analysis, GPC elected not to assert infringement claims for the five patents on behalf of us and itself through Wytec, LLC. All five
of these patents have since expired. GPC was the manager of Wytec, LLC until 2017, when it assigned all of its rights in Wytec, LLC back
to us, we re-acquired the 50 of Wytec, LLC that we did not already own, and became the manager of it. In 2014, we filed a new provisional
patent application for our proprietary LPN-16 data transmission technology. We have applied for additional patents and may do so in the
future. On October 31, 2017, we received our first patent on the LPN-16 (patent number 9,807,032). In December of 2020, we were granted
a second patent (patent number 10868775 B2), for our additional claims to our original 2017 patent. There is no assurance that this patent
or any other patent that may be granted to us, if any, in the future will be enforceable. We will have limited resources to fight any
infringements on our proprietary rights and if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights or if such rights infringe on the rights
of others, our business would be materially adversely affected. Although we plan to develop new software for the LPN-16 with blockchain
functionality and predictive intelligence that would be exclusively owned by us, the current manufacturer of our LPN-16 owns the intellectual
property rights to certain software used in the device, for which our license is only exclusive for the first three years of sales, after
which it is nonexclusive in perpetuity. This arrangement may enable our competitors to enter the market more readily for this type of
equipment. 

Our business may be
adversely affected by competition . The telecommunications industry is highly competitive. Many of our current and potential competitors
have financial, personnel and other resources, including brand name recognition, substantially greater than ours, as well as other competitive
advantages over us. Certain competitors may be able to secure products from vendors on more favorable terms, devote greater resources
to marketing and promotional campaigns, and adopt more aggressive pricing than we will. We cannot assure that we will be able to compete
successfully against these competitors, which ultimately may have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition, and potential products in the future. 

Our business is subject
to government regulation . Aspects of our telecommunication business are subject to and designed to comply with the regulations
of the FCC. A change in those regulations or significant diminution of the right to access, use or license of the spectrum that we seek
may have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, and business prospects and performance. We are also
subject to regulations applicable to businesses generally, including without limitation those governing employment, construction, permit
requirements, the environment, and health and safety, those governing the telecommunications industry, and the FCC. The adoption of any
additional laws or regulations may decrease the growth of our business, decrease the demand for services and increase our cost of doing
business. Changes in tax laws also could have a significant adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

We cannot assure that
we will achieve profitability . We cannot assure that we will be able to operate profitably in the future. Profitability, if any,
will depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop and market our proprietary telecommunications technology, and other products
and services. We may not be able to successfully transition from our current stage of business to a stabilized operation having sufficient
revenues to cover expenses. While attempting to make this transition, we will be subject to all the risks inherent in a small business,
including the need to adequately service and expand our customer base and to maintain and enhance our current services. 

We are exposed to various
possible claims relating to our business and we may not have sufficient insurance to fully protect us. We cannot assure that we
will not incur uninsured liabilities and losses because of the conduct of our business, even though we currently maintain insurance policies
for liability and property insurance coverage, along with workmen s compensation and related insurance. Should uninsured losses
occur, our investors could lose their invested capital. 

8 

We may incur
additional indebtedness . We cannot assure that we will not incur additional debt in the future, that we will have
sufficient funds to repay our indebtedness or that we will not default on our debt, jeopardizing our business viability.
Furthermore, we may not be able to borrow or raise additional capital in the future to meet our needs or to otherwise provide the
capital necessary to conduct our business. We currently have debt as of August 8, 2023 of 909,655 of promissory notes due and
payable on various dates from August 2023 through December 2023 and 1,712,415 of convertible promissory notes due and payable on
various dates from December 2023 through December 2024. 

We
expect to incur losses for the near future. We project that we will incur development and administrative expenses and operate
at a loss for the foreseeable future unless we are able to generate substantial revenues from our existing and planned proprietary products
and services. We cannot be certain whether or when we will be able to achieve profitability because of the significant uncertainties with
respect to our business. 

We may incur cost overruns .
 We may incur substantial cost overruns in the development and deployment of our proprietary products and services. Management is not
obligated to contribute capital to us. Unanticipated costs may force us to obtain additional capital or financing from other sources or
may cause us to lose our entire investment in our business if we are unable to obtain the additional funds necessary to implement our
business plan. We cannot assure that we will be able to obtain sufficient capital to successfully implement our business plan. If a greater
investment is required in the business because of cost overruns, the probability of earning a profit or a return on investment in us is
diminished. 

We could be subject
to liens . If we fail to pay for materials and services for our business on a timely basis, our assets could be subject
to material men s and workmen s liens. We may also be subject to bank liens in the event that we default on loans from banks,
if any. 

We may face litigation
in the future . We may incur substantial legal fees and costs in connection with future litigation, if any. The Company carries
officers and directors liability insurance, as well as other forms of insurance customarily carried by companies such as
Wytec, but there is no assurance that our insurance policies will be adequate to cover all of our litigation costs. There is also a risk
that we could face litigation and regulatory claims that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results,
and business. For example, a former Linkholder and current common stockholder of the Company has requested a refund of her payments to
Wytec. While the Company does not believe that this individual is entitled to a refund, the Company has been amenable to refunding
her, but not in excess of the amount she paid to Wytec. To date the Company has refunded 80,000 to her, but she has not properly returned
the shares of common stock so they may be canceled. If this individual commences litigation or the Company becomes involved in other litigation,
there could be a material adverse effect on the Company. 

We may not have adequate
funds to implement our business plan . We have limited capital available to us. Although we anticipate securing additional funding
from the issuance of additional securities, we cannot assure that we will secure all or any of the funding we anticipate. If our entire
original capital is fully expended and additional costs cannot be funded from borrowings or capital from other sources, then our financial
condition, results of operations and business performance would be materially adversely affected. We cannot assure that we will have adequate
capital or financing to conduct our business or to grow. 

Our limited resources
may prevent us from retaining key employees or inhibit our ability to hire and train a sufficient number of qualified management, professional,
technical and regulatory personnel. Our success may also depend on our ability to attract and retain other qualified management
and personnel familiar in telecommunications industry. Currently, we have a limited number of personnel that are required to perform various
roles and duties as a result of our limited financial resources. We intend to use the services of independent consultants and contractors
to perform various professional services, when appropriate to help conserve our capital. If and when we determine to acquire additional
personnel, we will compete for such persons with other companies and other organizations, some of which have substantially greater capital
resources than we do. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be successful in recruiting or retaining personnel of the requisite
caliber or in adequate numbers to enable us to conduct our business. 

9 

The loss of the services
of any or our management or key executives could adversely affect our business . Our success is substantially dependent on the
performance of our executive officers and key employees. The loss of an officer or director could have a material adverse impact on us.
We are generally dependent upon our primary executive officer, William H. Gray, for the direction, management and daily supervision of
our operations. We do not currently have any employment agreements with any members of our management team. 

The consideration being
paid to management has not been determined at arm s-length . The common stock and cash consideration being paid by us to
our management have not been determined based on arm s-length negotiation. We may grant stock options and other equity incentives
to our executive officers and directors, which may further dilute our shareholders ownership of us. While management believes that
the consideration is fair for the work being performed, there is no assurance that the consideration to management reflects the true market
value of its services. 

Directors
and officers have limited liability. As permitted by the Nevada General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation and
by-laws limit the personal liability of our directors and officers and authorize our indemnification of them, but such provision does
not eliminate or limit the liability of a director or officer in certain circumstances, such as for: (i) any breach of the director s
or officer s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders; (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; (iii) under Section 174 of the Nevada General Corporate Law; or (iv) for any transaction
from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. If we were called upon to perform under our indemnification agreement, then
the portion of our assets expended for such purpose would reduce the amount otherwise available for our business. 

Global
and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition
and growth. Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth, or recession, new or increased tariffs, changes
to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment and currency fluctuations could materially adversely
affect demand for the Company s products and services. In addition, consumer confidence and spending could be adversely affected
in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, declines in income
or asset values, changes to fuel and other energy costs, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors. 

In
addition to an adverse impact on demand for the Company s products, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic
conditions could have a significant impact on the Company s suppliers, contract manufacturers, logistics providers, distributors,
cellular network carriers and other channel partners. Potential effects include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance
operations and purchases of the Company s products; and insolvency. 

A
downturn in the economic environment could also lead to increased credit and collectability risk on the Company s trade receivables;
the failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; limitations on the Company s liquidity, which is currently
minimal; and declines in the fair value of the Company s financial instruments. These and other economic factors could materially
adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition and growth. 

The
Company s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative
new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. 

The
Company could be subject to changes in its tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation or exposure to additional
tax liabilities. The Company is subject to taxes in the U.S. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions
may be subject to significant change. The Company s effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries
with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation.
The Company is also subject to the examination of its tax returns and other tax matters by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other
tax authorities and governmental bodies. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations
to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance as to the outcome of these examinations. 

10 

Impact of COVID-19
on Wytec s business . Wytec expects delays in the commencement of various installations because of material and equipment
shipping delays as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As the response to COVID-19 continues to disrupt commerce at all levels of industry,
we expect that we will continue to experience delays in our supply chain. Although we are taking measures to mitigate the effect of COVID-19
on our business as much as possible, we are unable to predict the overall impact of the pandemic on us at this time. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

No market for our common
stock currently exists, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained. Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. There
is currently no public market for our common stock. We intend to apply to have our common stock quoted and traded on the OTC-QX Market
or the NASDAQ Capital Market. There is no assurance that the Company s application for listing its common stock for trading on the
NASDAQ Capital Market will be accepted. In order to have our common stock quoted for public trading on the OTC-QX Market, which is an
over-the-counter market, not an exchange, we must have a market maker registered with FINRA to sponsor our application for a trading symbol
for that over-the-counter market. There is no assurance that we will find a market maker to sponsor our common stock for public trading.
An active trading market for our common stock may not develop or may not be sustained in the future. The lack of an active market may
make it more difficult for stockholders to sell our shares and could lead to our share price and trading volume being depressed or volatile.
We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade. The market price of the common stock may fluctuate widely and decline,
depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control. 

Your percentage ownership
in us may be diluted in the future. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional securities and convertible
securities at such prices and on such terms as it determines in its discretion without the consent of the stockholders, including without
limitation common stock, preferred stock, warrants, stock options, and convertible notes. Consequently, our shareholders are subject to
the risk that their ownership in us will be substantially diluted in the future. 

We may not pay dividends
in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition, and other business
and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. Our current intention is to apply net
earnings, if any, in the foreseeable future to increasing our capital base and marketing. Prospective investors seeking or needing dividend
income should therefore not purchase our common stock. If we do not pay dividends, our common stock may be less valuable because a return
on investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

Offers or availability
for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline. If our stockholders
sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market if one ever develops, or upon the expiration of any statutory holding
period under Rule 144 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants, it could create a circumstance commonly referred
to as an overhang , in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang,
whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through
the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate. 

Our stock price may
be volatile. The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various
factors, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, the securities markets have from time-to-time experienced significant price
and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially
and adversely affect the market price of our common stock in general. 

11 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item 2. Properties. 

We currently lease
approximately 3,395 square feet of office space at 19206 Huebner Road, Suite 202, San Antonio, Texas 78258 and 2,210 square feet of office
space at 19206 Huebner Road, Suite 201, San Antonio, Texas 78258 for approximately 6,100 per month. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not Applicable. 

12 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock has not yet
been approved for trading on FINRA s Over-the-Counter QB Market (OTC:QX) or any other trading market or exchange. 

The Company is authorized
to issue 495,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share. The Company is also authorized to issue 20,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share, 4,100,000 of which have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, 100,000 of which are
issued and none of which are outstanding as of December 31, 2022, 6,650,000 of which have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock,
44,535 of which are issued and none of which are outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 1,000 of which have been designated as Series
C Preferred Stock, 1,000 of which are issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

As of December 31, 2022, there
were 950 record holders of our common stock, not including shares held in street name in brokerage accounts which is unknown.
As of December 31, 2022, there were 12,195,166 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 

We have never declared or
paid dividends on our Common Stock and have no plan to do so in the immediate future. 

Equity Compensation Plan and Information 

We have not yet, but may in
the future, establish a management equity incentive plan pursuant to which stock options and restricted stock awards may be authorized
and granted to the executive officers, directors, employees and key consultants of Wytec. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

During the fourth quarter
of 2022, the Company issued a total of 40,000 of 9.5 secured convertible promissory notes to two investors pursuant to a private placement
in accordance with Rule 506(c) of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and 30,000
of 9.5 secured convertible promissory notes to one investor pursuant to a private placement in accordance with Rule 506(b) of the Securities
Act. 

Warrants 

As of December 31, 2022, we
have outstanding 2,376,933 warrants to purchase our common stock all of which are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis until various
dates through December 31, 2024. The warrants are exercisable at the following amounts and rates: 2,000,000 are exercisable at an exercise
price of 1.00 per share, 92,500 are exercisable at an exercise price of 2.50 per share, 244,433 are exercisable at an exercise price
of 5.00 per share, and 40,000 are exercisable at an exercise price of the greater of (i) 5.00 per share or (ii) 85 of the average closing
price of our common stock, as quoted on the public securities trading market on which our common stock is then traded with the highest
volume, for ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the date of exercise. 

13 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Statements 

This Form 10-K contains financial
projections and other forward-looking statements, as that term is used in federal securities laws, about our financial condition,
results of operations and business. These statements include, among others, statements concerning the potential for revenues and expenses
and other matters that are not historical facts. These statements may be made expressly in this Form 10-K. You can find many of these
statements by looking for words such as projects, expects, anticipates, intends, 
 plans, believes, seeks, estimates, should, would, 
 could, will, opportunity, potential or may, and variations of such
words or other words that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes in this Form 10-K. 

These forward-looking statements
are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results to be materially different from any future
results expressed or implied by us in those statements. The most important facts that could prevent us from achieving our stated goals
include, but are not limited to, the following: 

(a) 
 volatility or decline of our stock price; 

(b) 
 potential fluctuation in quarterly results; 

(c) 
 our failure to earn revenues or profits; 

(d) 
 inadequate capital to continue business; 

(e) 
 insufficient revenues to cover operating costs; 

(f) 
 barriers to raising the additional capital or to obtaining the financing needed to implement our business plans; 

(g) 
 dilution experienced by our shareholders in their ownership of the Company because of the issuance of additional securities by us, or the exercise of warrants or conversion of outstanding convertible securities; 

(h) 
 inability to complete research and development of our technology with minimal revenue; 

(i) 
 lack of demand for our products and services; 

(j) 
 loss of customers 

(k) 
 rapid and significant changes in markets; 

(l) 
 technological innovations causing our technology to become obsolete; 

14 

(m) 
 increased competition from existing competitors and new entrants in the market; 

(n) 
 litigation with or legal claims and allegations by outside parties; 

(o) 
 inability to start or acquire new businesses, or lack of success of new businesses started or acquired by us, if any; 

(p) 
 inability to effectively develop or commercialize our technology; and 

(q) 
 inability to obtain patent or other protection for our proprietary intellectual property. 

Because the statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
We caution you not to place undue reliance on the statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. The cautionary statements
contained or referred to in this section should be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements
that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 

We do not undertake any obligation
to review or confirm analysts expectations or estimates or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

The following discussion should
be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and notes to those statements. In addition to historical information, the
following discussion and other parts of this annual report contain forward-looking statements and information that involves risks and
uncertainties. 

Overview of Current Operations 

Wytec International, Inc.,
a Nevada corporation Wytec, the Company. we, us, or our is the
developer of a technology called the LPN-16, consisting of chipsets, software, hardware designs and antennas that enable
strengthened Wi-Fi and wireless transmission within a concentrated coverage area of approximately 1,000 feet in circumference. The hardware
consists of a chassis or framework approximately three (3) feet in height and a radius of approximately 32 inches. It is designed to be
installed on a utility pole to provide dense network coverage. The unit, referred to as an outdoor small cell , is designed
to increase Wi-Fi and cellular capacity and signal strength by placing a large number of them within densely populated areas as compared
to a traditional macro site cellular tower covering a much larger area of approximately two (2) miles. The growth of small cells is a
response to delivering substantially greater speeds to smartphones and other smart devices in preparation of the next generation of cellular
technology now referred to as 5G. 

When Wytec was first founded,
we obtained five (5) United States patents, all of which have expired, related to local multipoint distribution service LMDS originally designed for digital television transmission, and later discovered to be useful in wireless broadband technology. In December
2017, we were granted a patent for our proprietary LPN-16 data transmission technology and in December 2020, we were granted a second
patent, which is an expansion to our original 2017 patent. Today Wytec utilizes Millimeter and Microwave spectrum as a wireless point
to point backhaul for transmitting to its LPN-16 small cell technology. This configuration has been tested in San Antonio, Texas and
we believe it is a key component of Wytec s 5G initiatives desired by large commercial buildings, school districts, and municipalities.
Wytec s current network configuration includes the development of Private LTE technology to be utilized for private network access
allowing only authorized users to utilize the network. 

We expect 5G to have a transformative
impact on the economy and we believe that the 5G network will rely substantially on small cell technology to facilitate this impact. 

15 

We believe our LPN-16 small
cell can solve many of the long-term challenges faced by operators needing access to implement their 5G initiatives. It can also assist
cities challenged with on-going technology upgrades, network growth demands, political hurdles and new business models needed to realize
the benefits of a 5G network. In addition to aligning with technical and governmental issues, the LPN-16 is designed to meet the standards
for 5G deployment and, for operator needs, adheres to the Federal Communications Commission FCC policy initiatives addressing
public safety and First Responder initiatives. Specifically, the FCC s Report and Order 14-153, Acceleration of Broadband Deployment
by Improving Wireless Facilities Siting Policies , adopts rules to help spur wireless broadband deployment by facilitating the sharing
of wireless transmission equipment using neutral host functionality to simultaneously support multiple providers. The LPN-16
was specifically designed to support neutral host features and performance. The FCC s goal of shared used and neutral
host seeks to expand coverage and capacity more quickly, reduce costs and promote access to infrastructure which reduces barriers
to deployment and incentivize the sharing of resources, rather than relying on new builds for every stakeholder, thereby safeguarding
environmental, aesthetic, historic and local land-use values. 

We have implemented an aggressive
intellectual property strategy and continue to pursue patent protection for new innovations. In addition to the LPN-16 invention covered
by our current patent, we have identified additional upgrades and additions to the LPN-16 which further tie it to the goals and timelines
of Wytec s 5G development business model, FCC policy initiatives and customer business usage which we believe could lead to additional
patentable property. We intend to file for patent protection on these developments. Our strategy is to continually monitor the costs and
benefits of our patent applications and pursue those that will best protect our business and expand the core value of the Company. 

We have recruited and hired
a seasoned management team with both private and public company experience and relevant technical and industry experience to develop and
execute our operating plan. In addition, we have identified key engineering resources for intellectual property development, antenna development,
hardware, software, and firmware engineering, as well as integration and testing that will allow us to continue to expand our technology
and intellectual property. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations, including the discussion on liquidity and capital resources, are based upon our
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management re-evaluates its estimates
and judgments, particularly those related to the determination of the estimated recoverable amounts of trade accounts receivable, impairment
of long-lived assets, revenue recognition and deferred tax assets. We believe the following critical accounting policies require more
significant judgment and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. 

Revenue and Cost Recognition. 
Wytec International, Inc. follows the revenue standards of Financial Accounting Standards Board Update No. 2014-09: Revenue from
Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). The core principle of the revenue model is that revenue is recognized when a customer obtains
control of a good or service. A customer obtains control when it has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from the
good or service. Revenue is recognized in accordance with that core principle by applying the following five steps: 1) identify the contract
with a customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction
price to the performance obligations; and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) we satisfy a performance obligation. 

16 

Our contracts for the sale
of Cel-Fi systems generally include the performance obligation to sale and install (including testing, commissioning and integration services)
equipment. The performance obligation is deemed satisfied once the equipment has been installed, placed in service and customer
signs off on their acceptance, at a point in time. 

Network service revenues are
recognized each month as services are rendered. 

The Company generally provides
a one-year warranty on its products for materials and workmanship but may provide multiple year warranties as negotiated, and will pass
on the warranties from its vendors, if any, which generally covers this one year period. In accordance with ASC 450-20-25, the Company
accrues for product warranties when the loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2022, the Company has
estimated no product warranty accrual given the Company s de minimis historical financial warranty experience. 

Revenue is recorded and recognized
when installation is complete. Maintenance and monitoring rates are pre-set based upon the building s square footage. Cost of sales
includes all equipment and labor that is connected to a project and all other costs are general and administrative. Laredo Independent
School District projects are subject to contracted rates. 

Warrants: The Company
estimates and applies its judgement when determining the inputs to the Black Scholes calculation that is used to calculate the expense
for the warrants issued. The volatility used is based on historical volatilities of selected peer group companies. Management estimated
the fair value of the underlying common stock by utilizing the discounted cash flow method and prior transaction method approaches. Management
estimates the average volatility considering current and future expected market conditions. The risk-free interest rate for periods within
the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Each issuance is individually
valued according to this procedure as of the date of issuance. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2022 were 413,858 compared to revenues of 394,148 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted in an increase of
 19,710, or 5 . Our revenues increased in 2022 compared to 2021 due to an increase in revenue from our Cel-Fi Services. Revenues from
the sale and installation of Cel-fi systems, including fixed wireless, SmartDAS, and 4G LTE, totaled 386,327 in 2022 and 340,351 in
2021, which resulted in an increase of 45,976. Our revenues also decreased from network and other services including fixed wireless services
which totaled 27,533 in 2022 and 53,797 in 2021, representing a decrease of 26,264. The revenue decrease in network services was predominately
due to shipping delays associated with our primary contract with the Laredo Independent School District Laredo during
COVID-19. 

Cost of sales for the year
ended December 31, 2022 was 339,796, a decrease of 29,592 or 8 , from 369,388 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our cost of sales
decreased primarily due to decreased costs related predominately to the decrease in revenues related to our contracts with Laredo and
COVID-19. 

Selling and general and administrative
expenses were 1,932,595 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 3,634,402 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which resulted
in a decrease of 1,701,807 or 47 . The decrease in our selling and general and administrative expenses was largely a result of a decrease
in our warrant expenses, decrease of 1,547,359, due to the issuance of common stock purchase warrants for consulting services rendered
in 2021 which did not occur in 2022. Salaries and wages expense decreased by 51,968 or 6 from 915,019 for the year ended December 31,
2021 to 863,051 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease in salaries and wages is due to a decrease in larger salaried
employees and a reduction of compensation in the form of warrants. The resulting decrease was also a result of the decrease in professional
and consulting fees of 125,827, which were 486,904 during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 612,731 during the year ended December
31, 2021. The decrease was the result of less fees associated with taking the Company public. 

Research and development costs
were 0 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 40,953 of research and development costs for the year ended December 31, 2021,
which resulted in a decrease of 40,953, or 100 . The decrease in research and development costs is due to a decrease in expenses incurred
in the development of our LPN-16. 

Depreciation expense was 48,205
for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 60,000 for the year ended December 31, 2021, resulting in a decrease of 11,795 or 20 .
The decrease in depreciation expense is principally due to fewer asset additions in the last two to three years. 

17 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

While we have raised capital
to meet our working capital and financing needs in the past, additional financing will be required in order to meet our current and projected
cash requirements for operations. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital deficit of 3,039,307. As of December 31, 2022, 335,000
of our current liabilities is deferred revenue on Link sales that have been funded by the customers, for which obligations to the customers
have not yet been completely performed, or the Link has not yet been repurchased by the Company. During 2019 deferred revenue was reclassified
to other payable due to the Company exiting the business of installing registered links and related equipment and services Links ).
The Company intends to relieve the liability through a combination of common and preferred stock and cash. 

We estimate that we could
need approximately 5,200,000 of capital or financing over the next twelve months to fund our planned operations, including the commercialization
of our LPN-16 for supporting our Private LTE services and paying down 1,945,900 of existing note payables that is expected to come due
in the next twelve months as well as to pay out the 335,000 included in other payables for monies due to Link holders. Until the 335,000
is converted to common stock, the amounts are due on demand and, therefore, while unlikely to be demanded, the monies are included as
an outflow over the next twelve months. Additionally, Wytec will look to extend the debt of 1,945,900 that comes due in 2023,
however, until negotiated, it is included as a cash need for the next twelve months. Approximately 2,800,000 of the cash needs relates
to operational needs, including paying down current accounts payable of approximately 814,000, current portions of notes taken on equipment
of 27,751, accrued interest of 93,000, and 1,880,000 of operations, that cannot be extended. 

We anticipate that we will
incur operating losses in the next twelve months. Our revenue is not expected to exceed our investment and operating costs in the next
twelve months. Our prospects must be considered considering the risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
in their early stage of operations. To address these risks, we must, among other things, seek growth opportunities through investment
and acquisitions, implement and successfully execute our business strategy, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and
motivate qualified personnel. We cannot assure that we will be successful in addressing such risks, and the failure to do so could have
a material adverse effect on our business prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

Cash flows used in operating
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,337,945 compared to 1,741,331 during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Investing Activities 

Our investing activities consist
principally of equipment. 

Cash flows used by investing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 848 compared to the cash flows used by investing activities of 953 during the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

Cash flows provided from financing
activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 were 1,162,467 compared to 1,416,626 during the year ended December 31, 2021. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we issued 25,000 in common stock and during the year ended December 31, 2021, we issued 1,029,280
in common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we also obtained financing for 1,030,000 and received 140,970 for common stock
issued in 2021 while during the year ended December 31, 2021, we obtained financing for 260,000 and received 121,055 for common stock
issued in 2020. 

18 

Satisfaction of Our Cash Obligations for the
Next Twelve Months 

As of December 31, 2022, our
cash balance was 93,748. Our plan for satisfying our cash requirements for the next twelve months is through sales-generated income,
including revenue from our installation contracts with the Texas school districts, private placements of our capital stock, exercise of
warrants, third party financing, and/or traditional bank financing. We anticipate sales-generated income during that same period, but
do not anticipate generating sufficient revenue to meet our working capital requirements. Consequently, we intend to attempt to find sources
of additional capital in the future to fund our growth and expansion through additional equity or debt financing or credit facilities.
There is no assurance that we will be able to meet our working capital requirements through the private placement of equity or debt or
from any other source. 

Other Payable 

During 2019, 895,000 of deferred
revenue, related to amounts billed and collected before services related to Links previously sold by the Company had been completed, was
reclassified to other payable due to the Company s exiting the business of installing Links. During 2022, a total of 560,000 of
this obligation to Link holders was relieved through the issuance of common stock pursuant to a Link buy-back offering, leaving a balance
of 335,000 at December 31, 2022. The Company intends to relieve the remaining amount of this liability through a combination of exchanges
for common and preferred stock and cash. 

Repurchase of Registered Links 

During 2019, the
Company refunded the purchase price of one Link for a total cash payment of 35,000, for the return of the Link and elimination of related
obligations. Wytec, at its sole discretion, has at times refunded the purchase price of Links before the Links were installed and absent
the acceptance of repurchase under a Link buy-back offering. This action resulted in a corresponding reduction of unearned revenue. During
2021 and 2022 , no Link refunds were given. 

Going Concern 

Our financial statements are
prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplate
the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. We have incurred continuous losses from operations,
have an accumulated deficit of 27,798,201 at December 31, 2022, and have reported negative cash flows from operations over the last six
years. In addition, we do not currently have the cash resources to meet our operating commitments for the next twelve months. The Company s
ability to continue as a going concern must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, and complications frequently encountered
by entrance into established markets and the competitive nature in which we operate. 

There is substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient cash from operations to meet our cash
needs and/or to raise funds to finance ongoing operations and repay debt. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful
in our efforts to raise additional debt or equity capital and/or that our cash generated by our operations will be adequate to meet our
needs. These factors, among others, indicate that we may be unable to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

We have reviewed the standards
issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB through December 31, 2022 and which are not yet effective. The
following is a list of pronouncements that the Company will adopt: 

Effective as of January 1,
2023, the Company will adopt the provisions of ASU 2016-03: Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) . The new standard
was issued in June 2016. The standard was issued with the intent of overhauling the processes of measuring credit losses on most financial
assets carried at amortized costs, among others. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s financial
statements. 

19 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB
ID 

F-1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

F-1 

Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-2 

Statements of Operation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3 

Statement of Stockholders (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-4 

Statements of Cash Flow for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

20 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors
of 

 Wytec International, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheet of Wytec International, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31. 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note B to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note B. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 We have served as the Company's auditor
since 2022. 

August 10, 2023 

21 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Wytec International, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
balance sheet of Wytec International, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2021, and the related statements of operations, stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period ended December 31, 2021 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements were prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note B to the financial statements,
as of December 31, 2021, the Company had recurring losses from operations and an accumulated deficit. These conditions, among others,
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for
our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2020. 

April 6, 2022 

F- 1 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease, right-of-use assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable, related party 

Other payable 

Operating lease, right-of-use obligation, current portion 

Contract liability 

Notes payable, current portion 

Convertible promissory notes, shareholders 

Convertible promissory notes 

Promissory notes, shareholders 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Operating lease, right-of-use obligation, long term portion 

Notes payable, long term portion 

Promissory note, shareholder 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note M) 

Stockholders' deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized: 

Series A convertible preferred stock, par value , shares designated, and shares issued and and shares outstanding 

Series B convertible preferred stock, par value , shares designated, and shares issued and and shares outstanding 

Series C convertible preferred stock, par value , shares designated, shares issued and shares outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Repurchased shares 

Subscriptions receivable 

Subscriptions payable 

Treasury stock: 

Series A convertible preferred stock, at cost, shares and shares 

Series B convertible preferred stock, at cost, shares and shares 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

See accompanying notes to the financial
statements. 

F- 2 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Depreciation 

Operating expenses, net 

Net operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Paycheck Protection Program loan forgiveness 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and fully diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and fully diluted 

See accompanying notes to the financial
statements. 

F- 3 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' (DEFICIT) 

Class A 

Class B 

Class C 

Common 

Class A Preferred 

Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Conversion of Series B preferred stock to common stock 

() 

() 

Conversion of warrants to common stock 

Issuance of common stock for cash already received 

Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of warrants for service 

Issuance of warrants 

Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common stock 
 
 () 

() 

Cancellation of Treasury Stock 

() 

() 
 
 () 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

() 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Receipt of cash for common stock already issued 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for link obligations 

Warrants issued to gain access to line of credit 

Warrants issued with promissory note 

Conversion of warrants to common stock 

Conversion of series A preferred stock to common stock 
 
 () 

() 

Conversion of series B preferred stock to common stock 

() 

() 

Extension of warrants 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

F- 4 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT (CONTINUED) 

Class
 B Preferred Treasury
 Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Repurchased 
 Subscriptions 
 Subscriptions 
 Deposit
 for Future Stock 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders'
 Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Payable 
 Receivable 
 Subscription 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Conversion of Series B preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of warrants to common stock 

Issuance of common stock for cash already received 

Issuance of common stock and warrants for cash 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Issuance of warrants for service 

Issuance of warrants 

Conversion of Series A preferred stock to common stock 

Cancellation of Treasury Stock 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Receipt of cash for common stock already issued 

Issuance of common stock in exchange for link obligations 

Warrants issued to gain access to line of credit 

Warrants issued with promissory note 

Conversion of warrants to common stock 

Conversion of series A preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of series B preferred stock to common stock 

Extension of warrants 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the financial
statements. 

F- 5 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year 

Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 

Warrant expense 

Stock based compensation 

Paycheck protection program loan forgiveness 

Non-cash lease expense 

Issuance of common shares for accrued interest 

Decrease (increase) in operating assets 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable, related party 

Contract liability 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of secured convertible promissory notes 

Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program loan 

Proceeds from promissory notes, shareholders 

Payments on notes payable 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Proceeds from previously issued common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of series B preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of series A preferred stock to common stock 

Conversion of non-convertible promissory notes, shareholders to convertible
 promissory notes 

Issuance of common stock in lieu of interest payment 

Issuance of detachable warrants with Debt 

Issuance of warrants to gain access to line of credit 

Conversion of link obligations into common shares 

Conversion of accrued interest into convertible promissory note 

Cancellation and renegotiation of leases 

See accompanying notes to the financial
statements. 

F- 6 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

allowance for trade accounts receivable was determined to
be necessary at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to costs and expensed as incurred, while expenditures for renewal and betterments
are capitalized. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the remaining term of the lease. Upon retirement or replacement, the cost of
capitalized assets and the related accumulated depreciation and amortization is eliminated with the resulting gain or loss recognized. 

impairment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

at December 31, 2022, and reported cash used by operations of and working capital deficit of for the
year ended December 31, 2022, all of which raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. In
addition, the Company expects to have ongoing requirements for capital investment to implement its business plan. Finally, the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern must be considered in light of the problems, expenses and complications frequently encountered
by entrance into established markets and the competitive environment in which it operates. 

Since inception, operations have primarily been
funded through private equity financing. Management expects to continue to seek additional funding through private or public equity sources
and will seek debt financing. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is ultimately dependent on its ability to generate
sufficient cash from operations to meet cash needs and/or to raise funds to finance ongoing operations and repay debt. There can be no
assurance that the Company will be successful in these efforts. These factors, among others, indicate substantial doubt that the Company
will be able to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the filing of these financial statements. Management plans to
raise additional funding through a capital raise associated with a public offering and/or additional private capital raises. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might
be necessary should it be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Over Time 

The Company earns revenues from Cel-fi systems
and network services. Revenues from the sale and installation of Cel-fi systems, including fixed wireless, SmartDAS, and 4G LTE, totaled
 in 2022 and in 2021. The contracts for the sale of Cel-Fi systems generally include the performance obligation to sale
and install (including testing, commissioning and integration services) equipment. The amount of revenue earned related to the sales of
equipment was in 2022 and in 2021. The amount of revenue earned related to installation and other services was 
in 2022 and in 2021. The performance obligation for the sale of equipment is deemed to be satisfied on the date the customer takes
physical possession of the equipment and has control of the equipment. For installation, testing, commissioning and integration services,
the Company measures progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligations ratably as the services are performed. 

Revenues from network and other services totaled
 in 2022 and in 2021. Network service revenues are recognized each month as services are rendered. 

Due to the Company billing service agreements
in advance and recognizing revenue for service agreements over time as more fully described in its accounting policy the Company carries
a contract liability balance proportional to the time remaining on each customer agreement. The Company issues invoices to customers for
completed work as performance obligations satisfied as of a point in time are fulfilled and does not carry a contract asset balance for
these performance obligations. 

Contract Assets and Liabilities 

The Company s contracts for support services
are typically for terms of one year or less. The aggregate amount of contract performance obligation as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 that the Company expects to recognize over the next year is and , respectively. 

The Company is under no obligation and is not
in the practice of providing customers with returns, rebates, discounts, or refunds and has not in an amount material to the financial
statements. The Company, accordingly, does not recognize these obligations at the time of revenue recognition. The Company may receive
consideration from customers who enter into support agreements in the future for incremental services provided to such customers. Those
services are delivered as of a point in time when the customer requests the service. Future consideration as described is excluded from
the transaction price calculated for support agreement performance obligations. 

The Company has applied the practical expedient
that permits the Company to recognize revenue without regard to significant financing components based on the Company s expectations
about the transfer of services and the receipt of payment from customers. The effect of this practical expedient is not material to the
Company s financial statements. 

Vehicle 

Office furniture and fixtures 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
was and , respectively. 

Unsecured promissory note payable to a
 director, of the Company, carries simple interest of 7 , due in August 2023 

Unsecured promissory note payable to the president, carries
 simple interest of 5 per annum, due in October 2023 

Various promissory notes payable to a shareholder and affiliate of a director
of the Company, all carried simple interest of 7 per annum and were exchanged for a new note in 2022 

Secured convertible promissory notes payable to various investors, all carry
simple interest of 9.50 , due on December 31, 2023 

Unsecured promissory note payable to a shareholder, carries simple
 interest of 9.5 per annum, due on December 31, 2023 

Unsecured promissory note payable to a the president of the
 Company, carries simple interest 7 due on September 30, 2023 

Unsecured promissory note to a director of the Company
 converted into a convertible promissory note, carries simple interest of 9.5 per annum, due on December 31, 2023 

Convertible promissory note payable to a shareholder and
 affiliate of a director of the Company, carries simple interest of 9.5 per annum, due on December 31, 2023 

Unsecured convertible note payable to a shareholder, carries
 simple interest of 9.5 per annum, due on December 31, 2023 

Unsecured promissory note payable to a director of the
 Company, carries simple interest of 7 per annum, due on December 31, 2023 

In 2019, the Company entered note payable agreements
with certain financial institutions to purchase fixed assets. The note payable agreements bear interest at 8.75 per annum.
The equipment purchased serves as pledged collateral and mature on various dates in 2024. The balance of these notes at December 31, 2022
was . 

In February 2020, we issued a note in the
amount of 
bearing simple interest at a rate of 
per annum to Christopher Stuart, a director of the Company, initially due on August 13, 2021. The note, as amended, contains a
feature that allows the Company to extend the maturity date by an additional six months in the Company s sole discretion up to
five times. This note was issued along with 
common stock purchase warrants that were determined to have a fair market value of 
on the issuance date, which was recorded as a debt discount and amortized over the term of the notes, with - -
and 
amortized in the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and reported in the statement of operations as interest
expense. The Company has exercised four extensions extending the maturity date of the note to . 

In March 2021, we received a loan pursuant to
the Paycheck Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act in the amount of . The loan contains a feature to which the Small Business Administration SBA will forgive the
balance of the loan under statutory authority and conditions set forth in the CARES Act. This loan was fully forgiven in September 2021. 

On June 18, 2021, Eagle Rock Investments,
L.L.C., a limited liability company of which a majority of the outstanding equity is owned by Christopher Stuart, a director of the
Company ERI advanced funds in the amount of 
to the Company. On August 10, 2021, ERI and the Company formalized a promissory note due. The note bears simple interest at a rate
of 
per annum with a due date of . The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of
the Company up to two times. In October 2022, the Company exchanged this note and its accrued interest along with other notes held
by ERI for a new convertible promissory note. As such, the balance of this note was 
at December 31, 2022. 

In August and September 2021, ERI loaned a
total of ,
to the Company under two separate promissory notes in the amounts of 
and 
respectively. The notes bear simple interest rate at a rate of 
per annum with due dates of and , respectively. Each note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the
Company up to two times. In October 2022, the Company exchanged these notes and their accrued interest along with other notes held
by ERI for a new convertible promissory note. As such, the balances of these notes were 
at December 31, 2022. 

In October 2021, the president of the
Company loaned 
to the Company pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 
per annum and was amended to October 20, 2022 to extend the maturity date to . 

In February 2022, the Company commenced a
private placement pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, of a unit Unit consisting of a 175,000 7 promissory note with a maturity date of and 
common stock purchase warrants exercisable on a cash or cashless basis until December 31, 2024 at an exercise price of 
per share at a purchase price of 
for the Unit. The promissory note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company up to two times.
The Unit was purchased by Mr. Stuart in February 2022. In October 2022, the Company exchanged this note and its accrued interest
along with other notes held by Mr. Stuart for a new convertible promissory note. As such, the balance of this note was 
at December 31, 2022. 

On April 14, 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the Company
 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company up to two times.
In October 2022, the Company exchanged this note along with others held by Mr. Stuart for a new convertible promissory note. As such,
balance of this note was 0 at December 31, 2022. 

On June 10, 2022, ERI loaned the Company
 
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest rate at a rate of 
per annum and matures on . The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of
the Company up to two times. In October 2022, the Company exchanged this note and its accrued interest along with other notes held
by ERI for a new convertible promissory note payable. As such, the balance of this note was 
at December 31, 2022. 

In June 2022, we commenced an offering of up to
 of 9.5 secured convertible promissory notes Notes pursuant to a private placement in accordance with Rule
506(c) of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Notes together with all accrued and unpaid interest will be payable
on or before December 31 2023 and will be secured by a perfected recorded first priority security interest in the Company s LP-16
patent. If the Company s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Markets on or before the maturity date, the outstanding Notes
will automatically be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at a rate equal to the price per share in the public offering.
If the Notes have not otherwise been automatically converted into shares of the Company s common stock, the noteholders Noteholders will have the option, on or before the maturity date, to convert all or a portion of their outstanding Notes into shares of the Company s
common stock at a rate equal to 5.00 per share and, immediately upon the conversion, the converting Noteholders will be issued a number
of new warrants from the Company equal to the dollar amount of the conversion divided by 5.00 (the Warrants ). The Warrants
will be exercisable until December 31, 2023 at an exercise price equal to the greater of (i) five dollars 5.00) or (ii) eighty-five
percent (85 of the 10-day moving average of the Company s public trading price if the Company s securities are trading on
a public securities trading market. The termination date of this offering was initially September 30. 2022, but it was extended pursuant
to the terms of the offering to January 28, 2023. As of December 31, 2022 the Company has issued
a total of of Notes pursuant to this offering. 

In July 2022, the Company borrowed from
an existing shareholder pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of per annum and matures
on . The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company
up to two times. 

In September 2022, the president of the Company
loaned the Company pursuant to an unsecured promissory note initially due on March 30, 2023. The note bears simple interest at
a rate of per annum. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company
up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to September 30, 2023. 

In September 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the
Company 
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note due on March 30, 2023. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 
per annum. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company up to two
times. In October 2022, the Company exchanged this note and its accrued interest along with others held by Mr. Stuart for a new
convertible promissory note. As such, the balance of this note was 
at December 31, 2022. 

In October 2022, the Company entered into an
exchange agreement (the Stuart Agreement with Mr. Stuart pursuant to which Mr. Stuart exchanged 
of promissory notes 
principal and 
accrued but unpaid interest) for a convertible promissory in the principal amount of 
(the New Stuart Note bearing interest at a rate of 
per annum, due and payable on or before December 31, 2023. If Wytec s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Markets on
or before the maturity date, the New Stuart Note will automatically be converted into shares of Wytec s common stock at a rate
equal to the price per share in the public offering. If the New Stuart Note has not otherwise been automatically converted into
shares of Wytec s common stock, Mr. Stuart will have the option, on or before the maturity date, to convert all or a portion
of the outstanding New Stuart Note into shares of Wytec s common stock at a rate equal to 
per share and, immediately upon the conversion, Stuart will be issued a number of new warrants from Wytec equal to the dollar amount
of the conversion divided by 
(the Warrants ). The Warrants will be exercisable until December 31, 2023 at an exercise price equal to the greater of
(i) five dollars 5.00) or (ii) eighty-five percent (85 of the 10-day moving average of Wytec s public trading price if
Wytec s securities are trading on a public securities trading market. 

In October 2022, The Company entered into an
exchange agreement (the ERI Agreement with ERI, pursuant to which ERI exchanged 
of promissory notes 
principal and 
accrued but unpaid interest) for a convertible promissory in the principal amount of 
(the New ERI Note bearing interest at a rate of 
per annum, due and payable on or before December 31, 2023. If Wytec s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Markets on
or before the maturity date, the New ERI Note will automatically be converted into shares of Wytec s common stock at a rate
equal to the price per share in the public offering. If the New ERI Note has not otherwise been automatically converted into shares
of Wytec s common stock, ERI will have the option, on or before the maturity date, to convert all or a portion of the
outstanding New ERI Note into shares of Wytec s common stock at a rate equal to 
per share and, immediately upon the conversion, ERI will be issued a number of new Warrants from Wytec equal to the dollar amount of
the conversion divided by . The Warrants will be exercisable until December 31, 2023 at an exercise price equal to the greater of (i) five
dollars 5.00) or (ii) eighty-five percent (85 of the 10-day moving average of Wytec s public trading price if Wytec s
securities are trading on a public securities trading market. 

In November 2022, we borrowed from a lender
pursuant to an unsecured convertible promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of per annum and matures on . The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in our sole discretion up to two times. The lender
will have the right to elect at any time until the maturity date, but no later than two (2) business days after the effective date of
the initial public offering IPO of our common stock, to convert all or any portion of the outstanding principal and accrued
interest on this promissory note into such number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of our common stock as is determined by dividing
the dollar amount of the conversion by the initial IPO price per share of the Company s common stock. 

In November 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the
Company 
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 
per annum and initially matured on June 30, 2023. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the
sole discretion of the Company up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to December 31, 2023. 

In December 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the
Company 
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 
per annum and initially matured on . The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of
the Company up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to December 31, 2023. 

Future minimum payments consist of the following: 

2024 

Total future payments 

shares of common stock and shares of Series B Preferred Stock (which shares automatically converted into 
shares of common stock in April 2022). The agreement stated that the Company was to make 10,000 monthly installments with the balance
payable on the maturity date. The agreement contains a feature that allows the Company to extend the maturity date of the amount payable
to March 31, 2021 in the Company s sole discretion, and if the Company exercises this option, the 10,000 monthly installments will
continue until the extended maturity date on which date the remaining balance will be due. During the quarter ended December 31, 2020,
the Company extended the maturity date under the terms of the agreement to March 2021. The Company made payments in the amount of 80,000
during the period, however, the shareholder has not properly returned the shares so they may be canceled. As the shares had not been properly
returned, the Company is not obligated, per the agreement, to pay any monies and the 80,000 was paid in good faith that the shares would
be returned. The Company is pursuing action against the shareholder to get the shares returned or get the monies paid returned. Until
such time, the payments have been recorded as a reduction of additional paid in capital. 

and , respectively. 

The weighted average remaining lease term is years and weighted
average discount rate is as of December 31, 2022. 

Future minimum lease payments as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

2024 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Less: current portion of lease obligation 

Long-term lease obligation 

shares of common stock all of which are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis
until various dates through December 31, 2024. The warrants are exercisable at the following amounts and rates: are exercisable
at an exercise price of per share, are exercisable at an exercise price of per share, are exercisable at an
exercise price of per share, and are exercisable at an exercise price of the greater of (i) per share or (ii) 85 of
the average closing price of our common stock, as quoted on the public securities trading market on which our common stock is then traded
with the highest volume, for ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the date of exercise. 

To calculate the fair value of stock warrants
at the date of grant, we use the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The volatility used is based on historical volatilities of selected
peer group companies. Management estimated the fair value of the underlying common stock by utilizing the discounted cash flow method
and the prior transaction method approaches and determined a fair value of 5.08. Management estimates the average volatility considering
current and future expected market conditions. The risk-free interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based
on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Each issuance is individually valued according to this procedure as of
the date of issue with maturity dates through December 31, 2024, volatility estimates between 35 to 67 and risk-free rates 0.05 to
1.8 in the period. 

In January 2022, the Company issued warrants
to purchase up to shares of Wytec s common stock on a cash or cashless basis to ERI in consideration for making a 
line of credit available to Wytec until December 31, 2022. The warrants are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis at any time until
December 31, 2023 at an exercise price per share of five dollars 5.00) per share, provided, that ten (10) days after the common stock
of the Company commences trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market or equivalent or higher public securities trading market (the Measurement
Date ), the amount per share payable to exercise the warrants will thereafter be the greater of (i) 5.00 or (ii) 85 of the average
closing price that is quoted on said trading market (if more than one, the one with the then highest trading volume), during the ten (10)
consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Measurement Date. The warrants issued with the line of credit were valued at 
and were recorded as debt issuance costs, with a corresponding credit to additional
paid in capital. Total amortization of the debt issuance costs was for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was amortized to
interest expense. The line of credit expired on December 31, 2022 with amount drawn. 

In February 2022, a total of common stock
purchase warrants were exercised by one investor for a total of shares of Wytec s common stock at an exercise price of 5.00
per share or a total of in proceeds. 

In February 2022, the Company issued 
 warrants to purchase up to shares of
Wytec s common stock to a director of the Company in consideration for lending 
 to Wytec pursuant to a promissory note. The warrants are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis at any time until December 31,
2023 at an exercise price per share of five dollars 5.00) per share, provided, that ten (10) days after the common stock of the Company
commences trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market or equivalent or higher public securities trading market (the Measurement Date ),
the amount per share payable to exercise the warrants will thereafter be the greater of (i) 5.00 or (ii) 85 of the average closing
price that is quoted on said trading market (if more than one, the one with the then highest trading volume), during the ten (10) consecutive
trading days immediately prior to the Measurement Date. The warrants issued with the promissory note payable were valued at 
 and were recorded as a discount on the debt and to additional paid in capital. Total amortization of the debt issuance costs was
 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was amortized to interest expense. 

In July 2022, the Company entered into a rescission
agreement (the Rescission Agreement with a consultant in order to rescind and terminate that certain consulting agreement
by and between the Company and the consultant, dated October 1, 2021 (the Consulting Agreement ). Pursuant to the Consulting
Agreement, the Company issued common stock purchase warrants to the consultant at an exercise price of per share exercisable
ten days after an initial public offering of the Company s common stock( IPO until December 31, 2023 on a cash or
cashless basis (the Warrants ). The consultant also agreed to provide consulting services to the Company at a rate of 
per month for a period of six months following an IPO. Pursuant to the Rescission Agreement, the Warrants were cancelled, the Consulting
Agreement was terminated, and the Company issued shares with a share value of . 

In December 2022, the Company agreed to
extend all warrants that were to mature on December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023. Due to the modification of the warrants, the
difference between the fair value of the modified warrant and the fair value of that warrant immediately before modification was
recorded as a warrant expense, which was only applicable to service warrants. Total incremental increase in the warrants was 
which was recorded as stock compensation expense which is included in the general and administrative expenses in the accompanying
 statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

During the first quarter of 2021, we issued 
common stock purchase warrants to three consultants. The warrants were exercisable on a cash or cashless basis at an exercise price
of 5.00 per share until December 31, 2021 with a fair market value on the issuance date of 
recorded as an expense in the period. These warrants expired on December 31, 2021 and were not exercised. 

During the first quarter of 2021, we issued 
common stock purchase warrants to investors as part of our offering of units from June 2020 to June 2021, each unit consisting of one
share of our common stock and one common stock purchase warrant (the 2020 Unit Offering ). The warrants were exercisable
until December 31, 2021. The total value of these warrants was recorded in Additional-Paid-In-Capital. 

During the first quarter of 2021, a total of 
common stock purchase warrants were exercised by two investors for a total of 15,200 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 
or a total of and a total of common stock purchase warrants were issued to these investors pursuant to a private placement
in accordance with Rule 506(b) of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in which existing warrant holders received one
cashless warrant exercisable until December 31, 2022 at an exercise price of per share for every four currently outstanding warrants
exercised by a warrant holder on or before July 31, 2021 (the Warrant Offering ). The total value of these new warrants issued
was recorded as an expense in the period. The expiration date of the warrants issued pursuant to the Warrant Offering were extended
to December 21, 2023. 

In April 2021, a total of common stock purchase
warrants were exercised by three investors for a total of 9,006 shares of Wytec s common stock at an exercise price of per
share or a total of and a total of common stock purchase warrants were issued to these investors pursuant to the Warrant
Offering. The total value of the new warrants issued was recorded as an expense in the period. 

In May 2021, a total of common stock purchase
warrants were exercised by ERI for a total of 20,000 shares of Wytec s common stock at an exercise price of 5.00 per share or a
total of and common stock purchase warrants were issued to ERI pursuant to the Warrant Offering. The total value of the
new warrants issued was recorded as an expense in the period. 

During the third quarter of 2021, we issued 
common stock purchase warrants to investors as part of our offering of units which commenced in July 2021, each unit consisting of one
share of our common stock and one common stock purchase warrant (the Unit Offering ). The exercise price of the warrants
is . These warrants are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis until December 31, 2023, as extended. The total value
of these warrants was recorded in Additional-Paid-In-Capital. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, we issued 
common stock purchase warrants to investors as part of our Unit Offering. The exercise price of the warrants is . These warrants
are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis until December 31, 2023, as extended. The total value of these warrants was 
recorded in Additional-Paid-In-Capital. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, we issued 
common stock purchase warrants as part of a consulting agreement. The exercise price of the warrants is 1.00. These warrants are exercisable
on a cash or cashless basis until December 31, 2023. The total value of these warrants was recorded as an expense in the period. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, we lowered
the exercise price from per share to per share and extended the exercise period from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022
of common stock purchase warrants by amending and restating a warrant issued to one individual who had earned the warrants through
services provided. These warrants are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis. The total value of these warrants was recorded
as an expense in the period. In December 2022, we extended the exercise period of these warrants from December 31, 2022 to December
31, 2023. 

During the fourth quarter of 2021, common
stock purchase warrants were exercised by six investors for a total of 26,844 shares of Wytec s common stock at an exercise price
of per share or a total of . 

The following is a summary of activity and outstanding common stock
warrants: 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants expired 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 

Warrants exercised 

Warrants cancelled 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding and exercisable warrants have
a weighted average remaining term of 1 year and 1 year, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the warrants have a weighted average
exercise price of 1.54 and 1.39, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the warrants have an intrinsic value of 8,231,250
and 9,760,777, respectively. 

Each outstanding share of series A preferred stock
will automatically convert into one share of common stock (a) if the common stock commences public trading on the NASDAQ capital market
or better, (b) if the series A preferred stockholder receives distributions from the net profits pool equal to the original purchase price
paid for their registered links, or (c) five years after the date of issuance of the series A preferred stock. The Company does not have
any other right to require a conversion of the series A preferred stock into common stock. The Company does not have the option to redeem
outstanding shares of series A preferred stock. A holder of the series A preferred stock has no preemptive rights to subscribe for any
additional shares of any class of stock or for any issue of bonds, notes or other securities convertible into any class of stock. In the
event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up whether voluntary or otherwise, after payment of debts and other liabilities, the holders
of the series A preferred stock will be entitled to receive from the remaining net assets, before any distribution to the holders of the
common stock, the amount of 1.50 per share. After payment of the liquidation preference to the holders of series A preferred stock and
payment of any other distributions that may be required with respect to any other series of preferred stock, the remaining assets, if
any, will be distributed ratably to the holders of the common stock and the holders of the series A preferred stock on an as-if converted
basis. 

The series B preferred stock is voting capital
stock. The holders of the series B preferred stock will vote on an as-converted basis with the common stock on all matters submitted to
a vote of the shareholders. The holders of the series B preferred stock are not entitled to any dividends unless and until the series
B preferred stock is converted into common stock. Each share of series B preferred stock is convertible at the option of the holder at
any time after issuance into one share of common stock, subject to adjustment from time to time in the event (i) the Company subdivides
or combines into outstanding common stock into a greater or smaller number of shares, including stock splits and stock dividends; or (ii)
of a reorganization or reclassification of common stock, the consolidation or merger with or into another company, the sale, conveyance
or other transfer of substantially all of the Company assets to another corporation or other similar event, whereby securities or other
assets are issuable or distributable to the holders of the outstanding common stock upon the occurrence of any such event; or (iii) of
the issuance by us to the holders of common stock of securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, such shares of common stock. 

Each outstanding share of series B preferred stock
will automatically convert into one share of common stock at a conversion rate equal to the lesser of 3.00 per share or 75 of the average
closing price of the Company s common stock as quoted on the public securities trading market on which our common stock is then
traded with the highest volume, for ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately after the first day of public trading of common stock
if common stock commences public trading on the NASDAQ capital market or better, but in any event no less than 2.50 per share or at 3.00
per share five years after the date of issuance of the series B preferred stock. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up
whether voluntary or otherwise, after payment of debts and other liabilities, the holders of the series B preferred stock will be entitled
to receive from the remaining net assets, before any distribution to the holders of the common stock, and pari pasu with the payment of
a liquidation preference of 1.50 per share to the holders of the series A preferred stock, the amount of 3.00 per share. After payment
of the liquidation preference to the holders of the series A preferred stock and the series B preferred stock, and payment of any other
distribution that may be required with respect to any other series of preferred stock, the remaining assets, if any, will be distributed
ratably to the holders of the common stock, the holders of the series A preferred stock, and the holders of the series B preferred stock
on an as-if converted basis. 

The series C preferred stock is voting capital
stock. For so long as any shares of the series C preferred stock remain issued and outstanding, the holders thereof, voting separately
as a class, shall have the right, on or after July 20, 2016, to vote in an amount equal to 51 of the total vote (representing a super
majority voting power) with respect to all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders of Wytec. Such vote shall be determined by
the holder(s) of a majority of the then issued and outstanding shares of series C preferred stock. For example, if there are 10,000 shares
of our common stock issued and outstanding at the time of such shareholder vote, the holders of the series C preferred stock, voting separately
as a class, will have the right to vote an aggregate of 10,408 shares, out of a total number of 20,408 shares voting. 

Additionally, the Company is prohibited from adopting
any amendments to the Company s bylaws or articles of incorporation, as amended, making any changes to the certificate of designation
establishing the series C preferred stock, or effecting any reclassification of the series C preferred stock, without the affirmative
vote of at least 66-2/3 of the outstanding shares of series C preferred stock. The Company may, however, by any means authorized by law
and without any vote of the holders of shares of series C preferred stock, make technical, corrective, administrative or similar changes
to such certificate of designation that do not, individually or in the aggregate, adversely affect the rights or preferences of the holders
of shares of series C preferred stock. 

The holders of the series C preferred stock are
not entitled to any dividends. Holders of the series C preferred stock have no conversion rights. The shares of the series C preferred
stock shall be automatically redeemed by us at their par value on the first to occur of the following: (i) on the date that Mr. Gray ceases,
for any reason, to serve as officer, director or consultant of Wytec, or (ii) on the date that our shares of common stock first trade
on any national securities exchange provided that the listing rules of any such exchange prohibit preferential voting rights of a class
of securities of Wytec, or listing on any such national securities exchange is conditioned upon the elimination of the preferential voting
rights of the series C preferred stock set forth in the certificate of designation. A holder of the series C preferred stock has no preemptive
rights to subscribe for any additional shares of any class of stock of Wytec or for any issue of bonds, notes or other securities convertible
into any class of stock of Wytec. The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are not entitled to any liquidation preference. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, an exchange
agreement was signed between William H Gray and the Company pursuant to which 1,000 Series C Shares held by William H Gray were to be
exchanged for 3,000,000 common shares, which had been disclosed on Form 8-K filed January 3, 2022. However, it was later determined that
the exchange of shares should be treated as an extinguishment for the redemption of the Series C shares which is in accordance with the
Series C Certificate of Designation, and then the issuance of the 3,000,000 common shares as compensation. As a result, a mutual understanding
by the grantor and grantee had not occurred, and therefore it was determined that a substantive grant date was not established. Therefore,
upon further review of the exchange agreement and the Series C Certificate of Designation, all parties agreed to rescind the exchange
agreement. Therefore, the financial statements do not reflect the issuance of the common shares and the 1,000 Series C shares are still
outstanding, 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, there were 171,750 shares of common stock issued for cash proceeds and conversion of accrued interest
of 858,750 at the price of 5.00 per share pursuant to the Unit Offering; 
 shares of common stock issued for cash proceeds at the price of 
 per share pursuant to the 2020 Unit Offering; 24,211 shares of common stock issued
for cash proceeds of 121,055 received in 2020 pursuant to the 2020 Unit Offering; 596,550 shares of common stock issued in exchange
for 40,000 Series A and 556,550 Series B preferred shares; 71,050 shares of common stock issued from the exercise of warrants and cash
proceeds of 355,250; and 600 shares of common stock issued for stock based compensation of 3,048. 

During the
first quarter of 2022, the Company issued a total of shares of common stock for the exercise of common stock purchase warrants
at an exercise price of 5.00 per share for total proceeds of . 

During the
third quarter of 2022, the Company issued common share pursuant to a recession agreement. The shares were valued at 5.00 per share
for a total of stock compensation. See Note H Warrants for further information. 

During the
third quarter of 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock in consideration for the exchange of 17 registered links which
satisfied of payables. 

Effective
April 22, 2022, shares of Series A Preferred Stock were automatically converted into a total of shares of common stock
due to the five (5) year term from issuance for automatic conversion, as stated in the applicable Certificate of Designation, being met. 

Effective
April 22, 2022, shares of Series B Preferred Stock were automatically converted into a total of shares of common stock
due to the five (5) year term from issuance for automatic conversion, as stated in the applicable Certificate of Designation, being met.

Other 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

The Company has net operating loss
carryforwards for tax purposes of approximately 
million for the year 2022 that begin to . Management has reviewed its net deferred tax asset position, and due to the history of operating losses has
determined that the application of a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax asset at December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 is warranted. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had t
accrued any interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Tax returns filed for the years 2019 through 2022 are open for
examination by taxing authorities. 

The Company does t have a liability for state
taxes at either December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

The federal income tax benefit expected by the
application of the corporate income tax rates to pre-tax net loss differs from the actual benefit recognized due to the valuation allowance
recorded for 2022 and 2021. 

The U.S. Statutory Tax Rate is . See below
table for the effective tax rate reconciliation: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

as of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021. The
Company incurred expense of and with Richardson Associates as of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
Mark Richardson is the owner of Richardson Associates and he was appointed as a director of Wytec International, Inc. in September
2019. 

In 2021, ERI loaned the Company a total of
 
and made a line of credit in the amount of 
available to the Company until December 31, 2022. In June 2022, ERI loaned the Company an additional 
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. In October 2022, we entered into the ERI Agreement with ERI, pursuant to which ERI
exchanged the two above referenced promissory notes 
principal and 
accrued but unpaid interest) for a convertible promissory in the principal amount of .
See Note E for a description of the ERI Agreement. The line of credit expired with no amounts drawn upon it. 

In February 2021, ERI exercised common
stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of per share for shares of the Company s common stock. 

In May 2021, ERI exercised a total of common
stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of per share or a total of for a total of shares of Wytec s common
stock and common stock purchase warrants were issued to ERI pursuant to the Warrant Offering. See Note H for a description of the
Warrant Offering. 

In January 2022, the Company issued warrants
to purchase up to shares of Wytec s common stock on a cash or cashless basis to ERI in consideration for making the 
line of credit available to Wytec. See Note H for a description of these warrants. 

In February 2020, Christopher Stuart, a
director of the Company, purchased 12.5 units, each unit consisting of 
of 7 promissory notes and five thousand common stock purchase warrants pursuant to a prior private placement made by the Company.
See Note E for a description of the units. The accrued interest on the 7 promissory note was credited to ERI and converted into
units every six months at the conversion rate of 
per unit, each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common stock purchase warrant, pursuant to the Company s
prior private placement of units or a total of 13,125 units through August 31, 2021. In December 2021, ERI exercised 
of these common stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of 
per share or a total 
for 
shares of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2022, of these warrants have been exercised for shares of the Company s
common stock. 

On February 17, 2022, the Company issued a 175,000
7 promissory note with a maturity date of August 31, 2023 and 17,500 common stock purchase warrants exercisable on a cash or cashless
basis until December 31, 2024. On April 14, 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the Company 100,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note.
The note bears simple interest at a rate of 7 per annum and matures on August 31, 2023. 

On September 15, 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the Company
 100,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 7 per and matures on March 30, 2023. In
October 2022, we entered into the Stuart Agreement with Mr. Stuart pursuant to which Mr. Stuart exchanged the three above referenced promissory
notes 375,000 principal and 10,658 accrued but unpaid interest) for a convertible promissory in the principal amount of 385,658. See
Note E for descriptions of the loans and conversions. 

In November 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the
Company 
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 
per annum and initially matured on June
30, 2023. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company up
to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date
of the note to . 

In December 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the Company
 
 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 
per annum and initially matured on June
30, 2023. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company up to
two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to . 

In October 2021, the president of the Company
loaned to the Company pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of per annum and was
amended on October 20, 2022 to extend the maturity date to October 21, 2023. 

In September 2022, the president of the Company
loaned the Company pursuant to an unsecured promissory note initially due on March 30, 2023. The note bears simple interest at
a rate of per annum. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company
up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to . 

In October 2022, the president of the Company
entered into an agreement, as amended in November 2022, to exchange 1,000 shares of the Company s Series C Preferred Stock owned
by him for shares of the Company s common stock. The exchange will close on the earlier of the effective date of the initial
public offering of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Markets or October 6, 2025. 

, , and ,
 , of revenue in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, from two customers. We continue to endeavor to diversify
our customer base and make efforts to mitigate the risk associated with excess concentration of sales from a limited number of customers. 

consists of amounts
billed and collected before services were completed. Such amounts were recorded in deferred revenue until the revenue recognition requirements
are met. 

See Note C in regards to commitments related to
contracts with customers. See Note G in regards to commitments related to leases. 

F- 23 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our principal executive
officer during the year ended December 31, 2022, William Gray, and our principal financial officer during the year ended December
31, 2022, Karen Stegall, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15I
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Based on that evaluation,
Mr. Gray and Ms. Stegall have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, which are discussed below in
more detail, in timely alerting them to material information relating to us required to be included in our periodic SEC filings and
in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The conclusion that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not effective was due to the presence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting as
identified below under the heading Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Management
anticipates that such disclosure controls and procedures will not be effective until the material weaknesses are remediated. 

Our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not
absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that
there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
have been detected. To address the material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort
to ensure our financial statements included in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated Framework of 2013. Based upon
this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022
for the following reasons. 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management identified
the following material weaknesses: 

(1) 
 We had inadequate segregation of duties over both financial reporting and closing activities. 

(2) 
 We had inadequate resources in the accounting department. 

To address these material
weaknesses, management performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the financial statements included herein fairly
present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. Accordingly,
we believe that the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

21 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

No Attestation Report by Independent Registered
Accountant 

The effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 have not been audited by our independent registered public
accounting firm by virtue of our exemption from such requirement as a smaller reporting company. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

22 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and
Corporate Governance. 

The members of the board of
directors of the Company will serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders, or until their successors have been elected. The officers
serve at the pleasure of the board of directors. Officers are elected by the board of directors and their terms of office are, except
to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the board. Information as to the directors and executive officers
of the Company is as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 William H. Gray 
 
 72 
 
 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, and President 
 
 Karen Stegall 
 
 51 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Mark J. Richardson 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Erica Perez 
 
 43 
 
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Christopher Stuart 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Samuel Khoury 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Gary Stein 
 
 73 
 
 Director 

William H. Gray has
been the chairman and chief executive officer of Wytec since November 2011, the president of Wytec since April 2020, a director of Competitive
Companies, Inc., a Nevada corporation and the former parent company of Wytec CCI ), since November 2008, and the chief executive
officer, president, and chief financial officer of CCI since February 10, 2009. Mr. Gray was the president of Wytec from November 2011
to September 2019, the chief financial officer of Wytec from November 2011 to January 2020, the interim chief financial officer from May
2021 to January 2022, and the corporate secretary of Wytec from November 2011 to April 2014 and again from November 2015 to February 2019.
Mr. Gray was the secretary of CCI from February 2009 to April 2014 and again since July 2015. Mr. Gray has over 19 years of experience
in the planning, development, and implementation of wide area networks in both wired and wireless configurations. As the president and
chief executive officer of Wireless Wisconsin, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of CCI, he developed one of the state s first ISPs
to enter into the internet industry by forming and developing a statewide telecommunications network in the state of Wisconsin starting
in 1995. Wireless Wisconsin, LLC later became one of the first ISPs to become a competitive local exchange carrier in the state of Wisconsin. 

Karen Stegall 
has been the interim chief financial officer of Wytec since January 2022 and was a staff accountant with Wytec from July 2021. Prior to
joining Wytec, Ms. Stegall was the accounting manager for LBJ Fleet Services Inc., a heavy haul trucking company, from October 2016 to
June 2021. From December 2012 to April 2016, she was the accounting manager and office manager for Bennett Building Systems, a general
contractor commercial construction company. From January 2011 to December 2012, she was an auditor and sales associate with Greenwood
 Sons. From February 2003 to December 2009, Ms. Stegall was the accounting manager for CMAC Inc., M2 Corporation, Applied Technical
Resources, and Interlink Logistics Technologies Inc. in Alpharetta, Georgia. From August 2002 to January 2003, she was the office manager,
bookkeeper, and purchaser for Bridges Grading and Hauling in Canton, Georgia. From May 2001 to August 2002, Ms. Stegall was the controller
of Gate Savers of Atlanta in Kennesaw, Georgia. From April 1989 to September 1996, Ms. Stegall served in the United States Navy as a data
processor for military intelligence. From September 1994 until her honorable discharge in September 1996, she was a petty officer 3 rd class
(DP3). 

23 

Mark J. Richardson
 has been a director of Wytec since September 2019. He has been a securities lawyer since he graduated from the University of
Michigan Law School in 1978. He practiced as an associate and partner in large law firms until 1993, when he established his own practice
under the name Richardson Associates. He has been the principal securities counsel on a variety of equity and debt placements for
corporations, partnerships, and real estate companies. His practice includes public and private offerings, venture capital placements,
debt restructuring, compliance with federal and state securities laws, representation of publicly traded companies, Nasdaq and FINRA
filings, corporate law, partnerships, joint ventures, mergers, asset acquisitions, and stock purchase agreements. As a partner in a major
international law firm in the 1980 s, Mr. Richardson participated in the leveraged buyout and recapitalization of a well-known
producer of animated programming for children, financed by Prudential Insurance and Bear Stearns, Inc. He was also instrumental in restructuring
the public debentures of a real estate company without resorting to a bankruptcy proceeding. From 1986 to 1993 Mr. Richardson was a contributing
author to State Limited Partnerships Laws California Practice Guide, Prentice Hall Law and Business. Prior to receiving his juris
doctor degree cum laude from the University of Michigan Law School in 1978, Mr. Richardson received a Bachelor of Science degree summa
cum laude in Conservation from the University of Michigan School of Natural Resources in 1975, where he earned the Bankstrom Prize for
academic excellence and achieved Phi Beta Kappa honors. Mr. Richardson is an active member of the California State Bar Association. Richardson
 Associates is outside corporate legal counsel for the Company. 

Erica Perez 
has been the corporate secretary of Wytec since September 2021 and a director of Wytec since November 2021. She has also been the director
of operations of Wytec since January 2020 and was the technical systems administrator from January 2014 to January 2020. From 2005 to
2014, Ms. Perez worked for Present Carpet Supply Co. in various positions, including business manager, installations manager, and administrative
assistant. Ms. Perez earned an Associate of Applied Science degree in wide area telecommunications from Victoria College in 2003. 

Christopher Stuart 
has been a director of Wytec since December 2021. He began his career in the construction industry at Buquet Leblanc in 1977, where
he went on to become an owner of the company in 1986 until 2003. In 2003, Mr. Stuart founded Stuart Company, a contracting firm,
of which he was the chief executive officer until 2018. In 2007, he co-founded Louisiana Rooming Contractor, which he sold to his business
partner in 2017. Since 2018, Mr. Stuart has been a consultant in the construction industry in Louisiana and in 2019, he founded Eagle
Rock Investments, L.L.C. Mr. Stuart earned his Bachelor of Science degree in construction engineering from Louisiana State University
in 1974. In 1975, he received his second lieutenant commission in the U.S. Army. Mr. Stuart served two years active duty and 12 years
active reserve in the U.S. Army and in 1989 was honorably discharged as a Captain. 

Dr. Samuel Khoury 
has been a director of Wytec since December 2021. He specializes in the valuations of advanced and novel technologies in several industries
and has been the president of Inavisis, Inc., a company he also founded, since 1999. Inavisis is a company that leverages intellectual
property. From 1998 to 1999, he was the president of Consor, a consulting firm specializing in valuation of trademarks and technology.
From 1982 to 1998, Dr. Khoury was an intellectual asset manager at the Dow Chemical Company. Dr. Khoury received a Master of Business
Administration from University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee in 1985, a doctorate in polymer chemistry from Worcester Polytechnic Institute,
Massachusetts in 1982, a Master of Science in chemistry from Fort Hays State University in 1977, and a Bachelor of Science in Chemistry
from American University of Beirut, Lebanon in 1975. 

Gary Stein has
been the general counsel and chief financial officer of Kiefner and Associates, Inc. Engineering Group North America since 2013. From
2009 to 2012, he was the general counsel of MRC Group, LTD, a market research company. From 1993 to 1997 and from 2000 to 2009, Mr. Stein
was the president of DB Capital Corporation where he advised small emerging growth companies on mergers, acquisitions, and public financings.
From 1997 to 2000, he was the general counsel and chief financial officer of Pinnacle Technologies Resources Inc. From 1992 to 1993, Mr.
Stein was the vice president and general counsel of Team Logos Corporation. From 1990 to 1992, he was the managing director of Financial
Asset Management. From 1988 to 1990, he worked in corporate finance at Drexel Burnham Lambert, Inc. From 1983 to 1988, Mr. Stein engaged
in the private practice of law, specializing in business law, at his own firm, Stein Associates. From 1975 to 1983, he worked as
an administrator, executive assistant to the administrator, and general counsel for the Ohio Bureau of Employment Services. Mr. received
his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science and marketing from Capital University in 1971 and his Juris Doctor degree from Capital
University in 1974. 

No officer or director is
required to make any specific amount or percentage of his business time available to us. Each of our officers intends to devote such amount
of his or her time to our affairs as is required or deemed appropriate by us. 

24 

Election of Directors and Officers 

Directors are elected to serve
until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers are appointed to serve
until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected
and qualified. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, during the last ten years, none
of our directors, executive officers, promoters or control persons have: 

had a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses; 

been subject to any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated; and 

been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Limitation of Liability and Indemnification
of Officers and Directors 

Under Nevada General Corporation
Law and our articles of incorporation, our directors will have no personal liability to us or our stockholders for monetary damages incurred
as the result of the breach or alleged breach by a director of his duty of care. This provision does not apply to the directors 
(i) acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing and culpable violation of law, (ii) acts or omissions that a director
believes to be contrary to the best interests of the corporation or its shareholders or that involve the absence of good faith on the
part of the director, (iii) approval of any transaction from which a director derives an improper personal benefit, (iv) acts or omissions
that show a reckless disregard for the director s duty to the corporation or its shareholders in circumstances in which the director
was aware, or should have been aware, in the ordinary course of performing a director s duties, of a risk of serious injury to the
corporation or its shareholders, (v) acts or omissions that constituted an unexcused pattern of inattention that amounts to an abdication
of the director s duty to the corporation or its shareholders, or (vi) approval of an unlawful dividend, distribution, stock repurchase
or redemption. This provision would generally absolve directors of personal liability for negligence in the performance of duties, including
gross negligence. 

The effect of this provision
in our articles of incorporation is to eliminate the rights of Wytec and our stockholders (through stockholder s derivative suits
on behalf of Wytec) to recover monetary damages against a director for breach of his fiduciary duty of care as a director (including breaches
resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior) except in the situations described in clauses (i) through (vi) above. This provision
does not limit nor eliminate the rights of Wytec or any stockholder to seek non-monetary relief such as an injunction or rescission in
the event of a breach of a director s duty of care. In addition, our Articles of Incorporation provide that if Nevada law is amended
to authorize the future elimination or limitation of the liability of a director, then the liability of the directors will be eliminated
or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the law, as amended. Nevada General Corporation Law grants corporations the right to indemnify
their directors, officers, employees and agents in accordance with applicable law. Our bylaws provide for indemnification of such persons
to the full extent allowable under applicable law. These provisions will not alter the liability of the directors under federal securities
laws. 

25 

We intend to enter into agreements
to indemnify our directors and officers, in addition to the indemnification provided for in our bylaws. These agreements, among other
things, indemnify our directors and officers for certain expenses (including attorneys fees), judgments, fines, and settlement
amounts incurred by any such person in any action or proceeding, including any action by or in the right of Wytec, arising out of such
person s services as a director or officer of Wytec, any subsidiary of Wytec or any other company or enterprise to which the person
provides services at the request of Wytec. We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified
directors and officers. 

Insofar as indemnification
for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling Wytec pursuant to the
foregoing provisions, Wytec has been informed that in the opinion of the Securities and Exchange Commission, such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Board Committees 

The board of directors (the
 Board has analyzed the independence of each director and has concluded that currently three directors, Christopher Stuart,
Dr. Sam Khoury, and Gary Stein, are considered independent directors in accordance with the director independence standards of the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA the NYSE Amex Equities or the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

The Board has three standing
committees: Audit, Compensation, and Corporate Governance/Nominating. The membership of each of the committees of the Board is comprised
of independent directors, with each of the committees having a chairman, each of whom is an independent director. Our non-management members
of the Board will meet in executive session at each regular Board meeting. The charter of each committee will be available on our website
at www.wytecintl.com. 

Risk is inherent with every
business, and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management
of the risks we face, while the Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management.
In its risk oversight role, the Board is responsible for satisfying itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented
by management are adequate and functioning as designed. 

Our Board has discretion to
determine whether to separate or combine the roles of chairman of the Board and chief executive officer. Mr. Gray has served in both roles
since 2011, and our Board continues to believe that his combined role is most advantageous to the Company and its stockholders. 

In addition to Mr. Gray s
leadership, the Board maintains effective independent oversight through a number of governance practices, including, establishing the
right tone at the top and full and open communication between executive management and the Board. Mr. Gray communicates
frequently with members of the Board to discuss strategy and challenges facing our company. Each quarter, the Board receives presentations
from senior management on matters involving our key areas of operations. 

Audit Committee 

We have a separately-designated
standing Audit Committee established in accordance with Section 3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the
Exchange Act. The Audit Committee s responsibilities include, among other things: (i) selecting and retaining an independent registered
public accounting firm to act as our independent auditors, setting the compensation for our independent auditors, overseeing the work
done by our independent auditors and terminating our independent auditors, if necessary, (ii) periodically evaluating the qualifications,
performance and independence of our independent auditors, (iii) pre-approving all auditing and permitted non-audit services to be provided
by our independent auditors, (iv) reviewing with management and our independent auditors our annual audited financial statements and our
quarterly reports prior to filing such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, including the results of our independent
auditors review of our quarterly financial statements, and (v) reviewing with management and our independent auditors significant
financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements. The Audit Committee also
prepares the Audit Committee report that is required to be included in our annual proxy statement pursuant to the rules of the SEC. Our
Audit Committee consists of three members. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Gary Stein and Christopher Stuart and Dr. Samuel Khoury
are members of the Audit Committee. 

26 

Compensation Committee 

We have a separately-designated
Compensation Committee. The purpose of the Compensation Committee is to discharge the Board s responsibilities relating to compensation
of our directors and executive officers. The Compensation Committee has responsibility for, among other things, (i) recommending to the
Board for approval the overall compensation philosophy for our company and periodically reviewing the overall compensation philosophy
for all employees to ensure it is appropriate and does not incentivize unnecessary and excessive risk taking, (ii) reviewing annually
and making recommendations to the Board for approval, as necessary or appropriate, with respect to our compensation plans, (iii) based
on an annual review, determining and approving, or at the discretion of the Compensation Committee, recommending to the Board for determination
and approval, the compensation and other terms of employment of each of our officers, (iv) reviewing and making recommendations to the
Board with respect to the compensation of directors, (v) overseeing our regulatory compliance with respect to compensation matters, (vi)
reviewing and discussing with management, prior to the filing of our annual proxy statement or annual report on Form 10-K, our disclosure
relating to executive compensation, including our Compensation Discussion and Analysis and executive and director compensation tables
as required by SEC rules, and (vii) preparing an annual report regarding executive compensation for inclusion in our annual proxy statement
or our annual report on Form 10-K. The Compensation Committee has the power to form one or more subcommittees, each of which may take
such actions as may be delegated by the Compensation Committee. 

We have adopted a compensation
committee charter, which grants the Compensation Committee authority to select, retain, compensate, oversee and terminate any compensation
consultant to be used to assist in the evaluation of director, chief executive officer, officer and our other compensation and benefit
plans and to approve the compensation consultant s fees and other retention terms. The Compensation Committee is directly responsible
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any internal or external legal, accounting or other advisors and consultants
retained by the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee may also select or retain advice and assistance from an internal or
external legal, accounting or other advisor as the Compensation Committee determines to be necessary or advisable in connection with the
discharge of its duties and responsibilities and will have the direct responsibility to appoint, compensate and oversee any such advisor. 

Our Compensation Committee
currently consists of two members. The chairman of the Compensation Committee is Christopher Stuart and Dr. Samuel Khoury is a member
of the Compensation Committee. The Board has determined that all of the members are independent under Nasdaq Listing Rule
5602(a)(2). 

Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee 

The Corporate Governance/Nominating
Committee has responsibility for assisting the Board in, among other things, (i) effecting Board organization, membership and function,
including identifying qualified board nominees, (ii) effecting the organization, membership and function of the committees of the Board,
including the composition of the committees of the Board and recommending qualified candidates for the committees of the Board, (iii)
evaluating and providing successor planning for the chief executive officer and our other executive officers, (iv) identifying and evaluating
candidates for director in accordance with certain general and specific criteria, (v) developing and recommending to the Board Corporate
Governance Guidelines and any changes thereto, setting forth the corporate governance principles applicable to us, and overseeing compliance
with the our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and (vi) reviewing potential conflicts of interest involving directors and determining whether
such directors may vote on issues as to which there may be a conflict. The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee is responsible for
identifying and evaluating candidates for director. Potential nominees are identified by the Board based on the criteria, skills and qualifications
that are deemed appropriate by the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee believes that
candidates for director should have certain minimum qualifications, including high character and integrity, an inquiring mind and vision,
willingness to ask hard questions, ability to work well with others, freedom from conflicts of interest, willingness to devote sufficient
time to the Company s affairs, diligence in fulfilling his or her responsibilities and the capacity and desire to represent the
best interests of the Company and our stockholders as a whole and not primarily a special interest group or constituency. While our nominating
criteria does not prescribe specific diversity standards, the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee and its independent members seek
to identify nominees that have a variety of perspectives, professional experience, education, difference in viewpoints and skills, and
personal qualities that will result in a well-rounded Board. We have adopted a corporate governance/nominating committee charter which
following the consummation of this offering will be posted on our investor website. 

27 

The Corporate Governance/Nominating
Committee currently consists of two members. Dr. Samuel Khoury is the chairman of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee and Christopher
Stuart is a member of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. The board of directors has determined that all of the members are
 independent under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 

The Board or management has
not established any specific minimum qualifications that a candidate for director must meet in order to be recommended for board membership.
Rather, the Board or management will evaluate the mix of skills and experience that the candidate offers, consider how a given candidate
meets the Board s current expectations with respect to each such criterion and decide regarding whether a candidate should be recommended
to the stockholders for election as a director. During 2022, the Company received no recommendation for directors from its stockholders. 

Report of the Audit Committee 

Our Board s Audit Committee
has reviewed and discussed our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 with senior management. The Audit
Committee has also discussed with MaloneBailey, MB our independent auditor, the matters required to be discussed by Auditing
Standard No. 1301, Communications with Audit Committees, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB and received the written disclosures and the letter from MB required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent
registered public accounting firm s communications with the Board s Audit Committee concerning independence and have discussed
with the independent registered public accounting firm its independence. 

THE FULL BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 
 
 William H. Gray 
 Gary Stein, Chairman 
 
 Mark J. Richardson 
 Christopher Stuart 
 
 Erica Perez 
 Dr. Samuel Khoury 
 
 Gary Stein 

Christopher Stuart 

Dr. Samuel Khoury 

Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in any of our previous or future filings under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that might incorporate this report in future filings with the SEC,
in whole or in part, the foregoing report shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any such filing. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of an issuer s common stock,
which has been registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
with the SEC. Executive officers, directors and greater-than-ten-percent beneficial owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish
us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based upon a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us and written representations
from our executive officers and directors, we believe that as of December 31, 2022, they were not all current in their filings. 

Code of Conduct 

We have adopted a code of
conduct that applies to all of our directors, officers, and employees. The text of the code of conduct has been posted on our internet
website and can be viewed at www.wytecintl.com. Any waiver of the provisions of the Code of Conduct for executive officers and directors
may be made only by the audit committee and, in the case of a waiver for members of the audit committee, by the board of directors. Any
such waivers will be promptly disclosed to our shareholders. 

28 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

The following Compensation
Discussion and Analysis describes the material elements of compensation for the executive officers identified in the Summary Compensation
Table Named Executive Officers ), and executive officers that we may hire in the future. 

Processes and Procedures for Compensation Decisions 

Our compensation committee
is responsible for the executive compensation programs for our executive officers and reports to the board of directors on its discussions,
decisions, and other actions. Our chief executive officer makes recommendations to our compensation committee, attends committee meetings,
and is involved in the determination of compensation for the respective executive officers that report to him, except that our chief executive
officer does not make recommendations as to his own compensation. Additionally, our chief executive officer makes recommendations to our
compensation committee regarding short- and long-term compensation for all executive officers (other than himself) based on our results,
an individual executive officer s contribution toward these results, and performance toward individual goal achievement. Our compensation
committee then reviews the recommendations and other data and makes decisions as to total compensation for each executive officer other
than the chief executive officer, as well as each individual compensation component. Our compensation committee makes recommendations
to the board of directors regarding compensation for our chief executive officer. The independent members of the board of directors make
the final decisions regarding executive compensation for our chief executive officer. 

The compensation committee
is authorized to retain the services of one or more executive compensation advisors, as it sees fit, in connection with the establishment
of our compensation programs and related policies. 

Compensation Program Objectives and Rewards 

Our compensation philosophy
is based on the premise of attracting, retaining, and motivating exceptional leaders, setting high goals, working toward the common objectives
of meeting the expectations of customers and stockholders, and rewarding outstanding performance. Following this philosophy, in determining
executive compensation, we consider all relevant factors, such as the competition for talent, our desire to link pay with performance
in the future, the use of equity to align executive interests with those of our stockholders, individual contributions, teamwork and performance,
and each executive s total compensation package. We strive to accomplish these objectives by compensating all executives with total
compensation packages consisting of a combination of competitive base salary and, once we grow more and increase our staff, incentive
compensation. Because of our small size and staff to date, we have not yet adopted a management equity incentive plan, nor have we yet
used equity incentives as part of our management compensation policy. 

While we have not hired at
the executive level significantly since inception because our business has not grown sufficiently to justify increasing staff, we expect
to grow and hire in the future. The majority of our Named Executive Officers have been with us for many years and their compensation has
basically been static, based primarily on levels at which we can afford to retain them, and their responsibilities and individual contributions.
To date, we have not applied a formal compensation program to determine the compensation of the Named Executives. In the future, as we
and our management team expand, we expect that our compensation committee will adopt a management equity incentive plan that will apply
the compensation philosophy and policies described in this section. 

29 

The primary purpose of the
compensation and benefits described below is to attract, retain and motivate highly talented individuals when we do hire, who will engage
in the behaviors necessary to enable us to succeed in our mission while upholding our values in a highly competitive marketplace. Different
elements are designed to engender different behaviors, and the actual incentive amounts which may be awarded to each Named Executive Officer
are subject to the annual review of the board of directors. The following is a brief description of the key elements of our planned executive
compensation structure. 

Base salary and benefits are designed to attract and retain employees over time. 

Incentive compensation awards are designed to focus employees on the business objectives for a particular year. 

Equity incentive awards, such as stock options and non-vested stock, focus executives efforts on the behaviors within the recipients control that they believe are designed to ensure our long-term success as reflected in increases to our stock prices over a period of several years, growth in our profitability and other elements. 

Severance and change in control plans are designed to facilitate a company s ability to attract and retain executives as it competes for talented employees in a marketplace where such protections are commonly offered. We currently have not given separation benefits to any of our Name Executive Officers. 

Benchmarking 

We have not yet adopted benchmarking
but may do so in the future. When making compensation decisions, our board of directors may compare each element of compensation paid
to our Named Executive Officers against a report showing comparable compensation metrics from a group that includes both publicly traded
and privately-held companies. Our Board believes that while such peer group benchmarks are a point of reference for measurement, they
are not necessarily a determining factor in setting executive compensation as each executive officer s compensation relative to
the benchmark varies based on scope of responsibility and time in the position. We have not yet formally established our peer group for
this purpose. 

The Elements of Wytec s Compensation
Program 

Base Salary 

Executive officer base salaries
are based on job responsibilities and individual contribution. Our board of directors reviews the base salaries of our executive officers,
including our Named Executive Officers, considering factors such as corporate progress toward achieving objectives (without reference
to any specific performance-related targets) and individual performance experience and expertise. None of our Named Executive Officers
have employment agreements with us. Additional factors reviewed by the board of directors in determining appropriate base salary levels
and raises include subjective factors related to corporate and individual performance. 

Incentive Compensation Awards 

Although our executive officers
have been paid bonuses on a case-by-case basis, our board of directors has not yet established a formal compensation policy for the determination
of bonuses. If our revenue grows and bonuses become affordable and justifiable, we expect to use the following parameters in justifying
and quantifying bonuses for our Named Executive Officers and other officers of Wytec: (1) the growth in our revenue, (2) the growth in
our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted EBITDA ), and (3) our stock price. Our board
of directors has not adopted specific performance goals and target bonus amounts for any of its fiscal years, but may do so in the future. 

30 

Equity Incentive Awards 

Our board of directors has
not yet adopted a management equity incentive plan and no stock options or other equity incentive awards have yet been made to any of
our Named Executives or other officers or employees of Wytec other than a limited number of stock issuances made to two Named Executive
and seven other employees of Wytec on December 20, 2020 which were not issued pursuant to a formal plan. As stated previously, in the
future we plan to adopt a formal management equity incentive plan pursuant to which we plan to grant stock options and make restricted
stock awards to members of management, which would not be assignable during the executive s life, except for certain gifts to family
members or trusts that benefit family members. These equity incentive awards, we believe, would motivate our employees to work to improve
our business and stock price performance, thereby further linking the interests of our senior management and our stockholders. The board
will consider several factors in determining whether awards are granted to an executive officer, including those previously described,
as well as the executive s position, his or her performance and responsibilities, and the number of options or other awards, if
any, currently held by the officer and their vesting schedule. Our policy will prohibit backdating options or granting them retroactively. 

Benefits and Prerequisites 

At this stage of our business,
we have limited benefits and no prerequisites for our employees other than health, dental, and life insurance, sick pay, and vacation
benefits that are generally comparable to those offered by other small private and public companies or as may be required
by applicable state employment laws. We recently established a 401(k) Plan for our Named Executive Officers and other employees.
Under the 401(k) Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer a portion of their pre-tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution limit 19,500 for calendar year 2022). We do not match employee contributions. 

Separation and Change in Control Arrangements 

We do not have any employment
agreements with our Named Executive Officers or any other executive officer or employee of Wytec. None of them are eligible for specific
benefits or payments if their employment or engagement terminates in a separation or if there is a change of control. 

Our Anticipated Compensation Program 

We are currently in the process
of determining the compensation programs we anticipate implementing for our senior executives, including our Named Executive Officers. 

Executive Officer Compensation 

The following table summarizes
compensation paid or accrued by us for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 for services rendered in all capacities,
by our chief executive officer and our other most highly compensated executive officers during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021
and December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal 
Position (1) 
 Year 
 
 Salary 
 
 Bonus 
 
 Stock 
Awards 
 
 Non-Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Compensation 
 
 Non-Qualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings 
 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 
 Total 

William H, Gray, 
 
 2021 

275,000 

275,000 

Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 2022 

275,000 

275,000 

President (2) 

Erica Perez (3) 
 
 2021 

97,000 

22,322 

119,322 

Corporate Secretary 
 
 2022 

97,000 

97,000 

Karen Stegall (4) 
 
 2021 

20,625 

20,625 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 

75,000 

75,000 

(1) 
 All current officers serve at will without employment contracts. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. Gray stepped down as the chief financial officer of Wytec on January 30, 2020. He was appointed as the interim chief financial officer and corporate secretary of the Company in May 2021. He stepped down as the corporate secretary of Wytec on November 4, 2021 and as the interim chief financial officer of Wytec on January 7, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Erica Perez was appointed as the corporate secretary of Wytec on November 4, 2021 
 
 (4) 
 Karen Stegall joined the Company as a staff accountant in July 2021. Ms. Stegall was appointed as the interim chief financial officer of the Company, effective January 7, 2022. 

31 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any
employment agreements with our executive officers to date, and do not intend to enter into employment agreements with them at this time. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None of our executive officers
had any unexercised options, stock that had not vested, or equity incentive plan awards at December 31, 2022. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

None of our executive officers
exercised any stock options or acquired stock through vesting of an equity award during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Employee Benefit Plans 

We have not yet, but may in
the future, establish a management equity incentive plan pursuant to which stock options and restricted stock awards may be authorized
and granted to the executive officers, directors, employees, and key consultants of Wytec. In the event we establish the equity incentive
plan, we expect to authorize approximately 10,000,000 shares or more for future issuance. 

Director Compensation 

None of our directors received
any compensation for their respective services rendered to us as directors during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table presents
information, to the best of our knowledge, about the beneficial ownership of our common stock on July 25, 2023, held by those persons
known to beneficially own more than 5 of our capital stock and by our directors and executive officers. The percentage of beneficial
ownership for the following table is based on 12,237,773 shares of common stock outstanding as of July 25, 2023. 

Beneficial ownership is determined
in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and does not necessarily indicate beneficial ownership for any
other purpose. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes those shares of common stock over which the stockholder has sole or shared
voting or investment power. It also includes (unless footnoted) shares of common stock that the stockholder has a right to acquire within
60 days after July 25, 2023, through the exercise of any option, warrant, or other right. The percentage ownership of the outstanding
common stock, however, is based on the assumption, expressly required by the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, that only
the person or entity whose ownership is being reported has converted options or warrants into shares of our common stock. 

32 

Name of Officer, Director or Shareholder (1) 
 Number of Common Shares 
 Percent Beneficially Owned (2) 
 
 William Gray, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President (3) 
 2,010,114 
 14.12 

Erica Perez, Secretary and Director 
 4,410 

Mark J. Richardson, Director 
 0 
 0 

Robert Cook, Former Director (4) 
 0 
 0 

Christopher Stuart, Director (5) 
 321,875 
 2.63 

Sam Khoury, Director 
 0 
 0 

Gary Stein, Director 
 0 
 0 

Karen Stegall, interim Chief Financial Officer 
 0 
 0 

All Officers and Directors as a Group (8 persons) 
 2,336,399 
 16.41 

Beneficial ownership of less than one percent. 

(1) 
 As used in this table, beneficial ownership means the sole or shared power to vote, or to direct the voting of, a security, or the sole or shared investment power with respect to a security (i.e., the power to dispose of, or to direct the disposition of, a security). The address of each person is in the care of the Company. 
 
 (2) 
 Figures are rounded to the nearest hundredth of a percent. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 2,000,000 common stock purchase warrants owned by Mr. Gray
 which are exercisable at an exercise price of 1.00 per share until December 31, 2023. Does not include 1,000 shares of our Series C
 Preferred Stock issued to Mr. Gray on July 20, 2016. The shares were issued as 100 in compensation expense. The Series C Preferred
 Stock has a par value of 0.001 and the equivalent of 51 of the shareholder votes. The Series C Preferred Stock is not convertible
 into the Company s common stock and has no rights to dividends and virtually no rights to liquidation preference. The
 liquidation preference of each share of the Series C Preferred Stock is its par value. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Cook resigned as a director of Wytec, effective March 31, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 121,875 shares of common stock owned by Eagle Rock Investments, L.L.C., a limited liability company of which Mr. Stuart owns a majority of the outstanding equity ERI ). Does not include 62,500 common stock purchase warrants owned by Mr. Stuart which are exercisable at an exercise price of 5.00 per share until December 31, 2023, 9,375 common stock purchase warrants owned by ERI which are exercisable at an exercise price of 5.00 per share until December 31, 2023, or 40,000 common stock purchase warrants owned by ERI which are exercisable on a cash or cashless basis at any time until December 31, 2023 at an exercise price per share of five dollars 5.00) per share, provided, that ten (10) days after the common stock of the Company commences trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market or equivalent or higher public securities trading market (the Measurement Date ), the amount per share payable to exercise the Warrants will thereafter be the greater of (i) 5.00 or (ii) 85 of the average closing price that is quoted on said trading market (if more than one, the one with the then highest trading volume), during the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Measurement Date. Does not include the number of shares into which 535,658 of convertible promissory notes held by Mr. Stuart are convertible or the number of shares into which 320,242, of convertible promissory notes held by ERI are convertible. 

33 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The Board has analyzed the
independence of each director and has concluded that currently three directors, Christopher Stuart, Dr. Sam Khoury, and Gary Stein, are
considered independent directors in accordance with the director independence standards of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA the NYSE Amex Equities or the NASDAQ Capital Market. 

The Company has an accounts
payable balance owed to Richardson Associates in the amount of 238,484 as of December 31, 2022, and 186,424 as of December
31, 2021. The Company incurred expense of 62,060 and 109,340 with Richardson Associates as of the year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. Mark Richardson is the owner of Richardson Associates and he was appointed as a director of Wytec International,
Inc. in September 2019. 

In 2021, ERI loaned the Company
a total of 250,000 and made a line of credit in the amount of 250,000 available to the Company until December 31,
2022. In June 2022, ERI loaned the Company an additional 50,000 pursuant an unsecured promissory note. In October 2022, we entered
into an exchange agreement (the ERI Agreement with ERI pursuant to which ERI exchanged the two above referenced notes 300,000
principal and 20,242 accrued but unpaid interest) for a convertible promissory in the principal amount of 320,242 (the New ERI
Note bearing interest at a rate of 9.5 per annum, due and payable on or before December 31, 2023. If Wytec s common stock
is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Markets on or before the maturity date, the New ERI Note will automatically be converted into shares of
Wytec s common stock at a rate equal to the price per share in the public offering. If the New ERI Note has not otherwise been automatically
converted into shares of Wytec s common stock, ERI will have the option, on or before the maturity date, to convert all or a portion
of the outstanding New ERI Note into shares of Wytec s common stock at a rate equal to 5.00 per share and, immediately upon the
conversion, ERI will be issued a number of new warrants from Wytec equal to the dollar amount of the conversion divided by 5.00 (the
 Warrants ). The Warrants will be exercisable until December 31, 2023 at an exercise price equal to the greater of (i) five
dollars 5.00) or (ii) eighty-five percent (85 of the 10-day moving average of Wytec s public trading price if Wytec s
securities are trading on a public securities trading market. 

In February 2021, ERI exercised
10,000 common stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of 5.00 per share for 10,000 shares of the Company s common stock. 

In May 2021, ERI exercised
20,000 common stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of 5.00 per share or a total of 100,000 for 20,000 shares of Wytec s
common stock and 5,000 common stock purchase warrants were issued to ERI pursuant to a private placement in accordance with Rule 506(b)
of Regulation D of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, in which existing warrant holders received one cashless warrant exercisable
until December 31, 2022 at an exercise price of 5.00 per share for every four currently outstanding warrants exercised by a warrant holder
on or before July 31, 2021 

In January 2022, the Company
issued 40,000 warrants to purchase up to 40,000 shares of Wytec s common stock on a cash or cashless basis to ERI in consideration
for making the 250,000 line of credit available to Wytec until December 31, 2022. These warrants are exercisable on a cash or cashless
basis at any time until December 31, 2023 at an exercise price per share of five dollars 5.00) per share, provided, that ten (10) days
after the common stock of the Company commences trading on the NASDAQ Capital Market or equivalent or higher public securities trading
market (the Measurement Date ), the amount per share payable to exercise the warrants will thereafter be the greater of (i)
 5.00 or (ii) 85 of the average closing price that is quoted on said trading market (if more than one, the one with the then highest
trading volume), during the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately prior to the Measurement Date. 

In February 2020, Mr. Stuart
purchased 12.5 units, each unit consisting of 50,000 of 7 promissory notes and five thousand common stock purchase warrants pursuant
to a prior private placement made by the Company. The note, as amended, contains a feature that allows the Company to extend the maturity
date by an additional six months in the Company s sole discretion up to five times. The Company has exercised four extensions
extending the maturity date of the note to August 13, 2023. The accrued interest on the 7 promissory note was credited to ERI and converted
into units every six months at the conversion rate of 5.00 per unit, each unit consisting of one share of common stock and one common
stock purchase warrant, pursuant to the Company s prior private placement of units or a total of 13,125 units through August 31,
2021. In December 2021, ERI exercised 8,750 of these common stock purchase warrants at an exercise price of 5.00 per share or a total
 43,750 for 8,759 shares of the Company s common stock. 

34 

In February 2022,
Mr. Stuart purchased the unit Unit ), consisting of a 175,000 7 promissory note with a maturity date of August 31, 2023
and 17,500 common stock purchase warrants exercisable on a cash or cashless basis until December 31, 2024 at an exercise price of 5.00
per share, at a purchase price of 175,000 for the Unit offered by the Company in its private placement pursuant to Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D promulgated under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, commenced by the Company in February 2022. In April 2022,
Mr. Stuart loaned the Company 100,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note and, in September 2022, Mr. Stuart loaned the Company
an additional 100,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. In October 2022, we entered into an exchange agreement (the Stuart
Agreement with Mr. Stuart pursuant to which Mr. Stuart exchanged the three above referenced notes 375,000 principal and 10,658
accrued but unpaid interest) for a convertible promissory in the principal amount of 385,658 (the New Stuart Note bearing
interest at a rate of 9.5 per annum, due and payable on or before December 31, 2023. If Wytec s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Markets on or before the maturity date, the New Stuart Note will automatically be converted into shares of Wytec s common
stock at a rate equal to the price per share in the public offering. If the New Stuart Note has not otherwise been automatically converted
into shares of Wytec s common stock, Mr. Stuart will have the option, on or before the maturity date, to convert all or a portion
of the outstanding New Stuart Note into shares of Wytec s common stock at a rate equal to 5.00 per share and, immediately upon
the conversion, Stuart will be issued a number of new Warrants from Wytec equal to the dollar amount of the conversion divided by 5.00. 

In November 2022, Mr. Stuart
loaned the Company 50,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 7 per annum and initially
matured on June 30, 2023. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company
up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to December 31, 2023. 

In December 2022, Mr. Stuart
loaned the Company 100,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 7 per annum and initially
matured on June 30, 2023. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of the Company
up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to December 31, 2023. 

In October 2021, the president
of the Company loaned 10,000 to the Company pursuant to a promissory note. The note bears simple interest at a rate of 5 per annum and
was amended on October 20, 2022 to extend the maturity date to October 21, 2023. 

In September 2022, the president
of the Company loaned the Company 25,000 pursuant to an unsecured promissory note initially due on March 30, 2023. The note bears simple
interest at a rate of 7 per annum. The maturity date of the note may be extended by an additional six months in the sole discretion of
the Company up to two times. The Company has exercised one extension extending the maturity date of the note to September
30, 2023. 

In October 2022, the president
of the Company entered into an agreement, as amended in November 2022, to exchange 1,000 shares of the Company s Series C Preferred
Stock owned by him for 3,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock. The exchange will close on the earlier of the effective date
of the initial public offering of the Company s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Markets or October 6, 2025. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed
for professional services rendered by MaloneBailey, LLP for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our Form 10-Qs or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements was 0 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 150,000 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The aggregate fees billed
for professional services rendered by Prager Metis CPAs for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our Form 10-Qs or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements was 97,500 for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 94,636 for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

35 

Audit-Related Fees 

Fees billed for audit-related
services rendered by Prager Metis CPAs were 94,636 for 2022 and 97,500 for 2021. 

Fees billed for audit-related
services rendered by MaloneBailey, LLP were 16,000 for 2022 and 39,000 for 2021. 

Tax Fees 

No fees were billed for tax
services rendered by Prager Metis CPAs for 2022 or 2021. 

No fees were billed for tax
services rendered by MaloneBailey, LLP for 2022 or 2021. 

All Other Fees 

No other fees were billed. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures of Audit
and Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The policy of our audit committee
is to pre-approve, typically at the beginning of our fiscal year, all audit and non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services,
to be provided by an independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include, among others, audit services, audit-related
services, tax services, and other services and such services are generally subject to a specific budget. The independent registered public
accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the extent of services provided by
the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date.
As part of the audit committee s review, the audit committee will evaluate other known potential engagements of the independent
auditor, including the scope of work proposed to be performed and the proposed fees, and approve or reject each service, taking into account
whether the services are permissible under applicable law and the possible impact of each non-audit service on the independent auditor s
independence from management. At audit committee meetings throughout the year, the auditor and management may present subsequent services
for approval. Typically, these would be services such as due diligence for an acquisition, that would not have been known at the beginning
of the year. 

The audit committee has considered
the provision of non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm to be compatible with maintaining their
independence. All audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm were approved
by our audit committee. 

36 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 The financial statements listed in the Index to Financial Statements at page F-1 are filed as part of this report. 

2. 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits included or incorporated herein: See index to Exhibits. 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit 
 Description 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated November 7, 2011 (1) 
 
 3.2 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated January 14, 2014 (1) 
 
 3.3 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated June 13, 2014 (1) 
 
 3.4 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock, dated February 14, 2014 (1) 
 
 4.2 
 Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock, dated June 13, 2014 (1) 
 
 4.3 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock, dated October 22, 2014 (1) 
 
 4.4 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation for Series B Preferred Stock, dated March 4, 2015 (1) 
 
 4.5 
 Certificate of Designation for Series C Preferred Stock, dated July 26, 2016 (1) 
 
 4.6 
 Warrant issued by Wytec International, Inc. to William H. Gray (2) 
 
 4.7 
 Amendment to William H. Gray Warrants, dated December 30, 2020. (3) 
 
 10.1 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement by and between Wytec International, Inc. and Competitive Companies, Inc. (1) 
 
 10.2 
 License Agreement by and between Wytec International, Inc. and Competitive Companies, Inc. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 Broker-Dealer Agreement with Dalmore Group, LLC, executed as of December 28, 2020 (4) 
 
 10.4 
 Agreement with the Laredo School District (5 
 
 10.5 
 Exchange Agreement, dated October 6, 2022, by and between Wytec International, Inc. and William H Gray (6) 

10.6 
 Exchange Agreement, dated October 6, 2022, by and between Wytec International, Inc. and Christopher Stuart (6) 

10.7 
 Exchange Agreement, dated October 6, 2022, by and between Wytec International, Inc. and Eagle Rock Investments L.L.C. (6) 

14.1 
 Code of Conduct (1) 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101DEF 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 

__________________ 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference from the original filing of the Registration Statement on January 10, 2017. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated September 21, 2018. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated January 4, 2021. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated January 8, 2021. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 25, 2021. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, filed on October 13, 2022. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

WYTEC INTERNATIONAL, INC. 

Date: August 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ William Gray 

William Gray, Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ William Gray 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, 
 
 August 10, 2023 
 
 William Gray 
 
 Principal Executive Officer, and Chairman 

/s/ Karen Stegall 
 
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Principal 
 
 August 10, 2023 
 
 Karen Stegall 
 
 Accounting Officer 

38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wytec_ex3101.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, William Gray, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wytec International, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated August 10, 2023 

By: /s/ William Gray 

 William Gray, Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 wytec_ex3102.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Karen Stegall, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wytec International, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: August 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Karen Stegall 

 Karen Stegall, interim Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 wytec_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wytec
International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report William
Gray, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: August 10, 2023 

By: /s/ William Gray 

 William Gray, Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the
Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 wytec_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Wytec
International, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 (the Report I, Karen
Stegall, interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: August 10, 2023 

By: /s/ Karen Stegall 

 Karen Stegall, interim Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed
filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wytc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wytc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wytc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wytc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

