<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230717_10-K_edgar_data_1401395_0000950170-23-033091.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26691409</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>422514</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2692653</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12910890</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3939464</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>6134312</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-033091.hdr.sgml : 20230717
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714210940
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-033091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230717
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001401395
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A8
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33526
		FILM NUMBER:		231090328

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		545 PROMENADE DU CENTROPOLIS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAVAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H7T 0A3
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(450) 687-2262

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		545 PROMENADE DU CENTROPOLIS
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			LAVAL
		STATE:			A8
		ZIP:			H7T 0A3

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070530

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-033091.txt : 20230717

10-K
 1
 nept-20230331.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) i 

Not Applicable 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, based on the closing price of the shares of common stock on The NASDAQ Stock Market on July 14, 2023, was . 
 The number of shares of Registrant s Common Stock outstanding as of July 14, 2023 was . 
 Auditor PCAOB Firm Id: Auditor Name: Auditor Location: 

1 

DISCLOSURE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report or Form 10-K contains or incorporates by reference certain information and statements that may constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. federal securities laws, both of which we refer to as forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to certain expectations, projections, new or improved product introductions, market expansion efforts, and other information related to our business strategy and future plans. Forward-looking statements can, but may not always, be identified by the use of words such as seek , anticipate , plan , continue , estimate , expect , may , will , project , predict , potential , targeting , intend , could , might , would , should , believe , objective , ongoing , assumes , goal , likely and similar references to future periods or the negatives of these words and expressions and by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. The statements we make regarding the following matters are forward-looking by their nature and are based on certain of the assumptions noted below. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, but are not limited to, statements about expectations regarding being subject to taxation in both Canada and the United States; our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and continue as a going concern; uncertainties related to general economic, political, business, industry, and market conditions, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, inflationary pressures, and geopolitical conflicts, the anticipated benefits from the divestiture of our cannabis business, our estimates regarding expenses, future revenues, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; our expectations regarding potential pursuit of strategic acquisitions, joint venture or partnerships, our ability to retain members of our management team and our employees; competition existing today or that will likely arise in the future; and our ability to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq or any other exchange on which our securities may trade on. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on management s current expectations and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including market and economic conditions, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic, business prospects or opportunities, future plans and strategies, projections, technological developments, anticipated events and trends and regulatory changes that affect us, our customers and our industries. Although the Company and management believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable and based on reasonable assumptions and estimates, there can be no assurance that these assumptions or estimates are accurate or that any of these expectations will prove accurate. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive risks, uncertainties and contingencies that could cause actual events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statement. 
 Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements. Actual results and developments are likely to differ, and may differ materially, from those anticipated by the Company and expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report. Such statements are based on a number of assumptions and risks that may prove to be incorrect, including, without limitation, assumptions about: 
 our ability to successfully manage our liquidity and expenses, and continue as a going concern; 

the anticipated benefits of the divestiture of our cannabis business; 

our ability to maintain customer relationships and demand for our products; 

the impact of current and future substantial litigation, investigations and proceedings; 

the overall business and economic conditions; 

the potential financial opportunity of our addressable markets; 

the competitive environment; 

the protection of our current and future intellectual property rights; 

our ability to recruit and retain the services of our key personnel; 

our ability to develop commercially viable products; 

our ability to pursue new business opportunities; 

our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms or at all; 

our ability to integrate our acquisitions and generate synergies; and 

the impact of new laws and regulations in Canada, the United States or any other jurisdiction in which we currently do or intend to do business. 

2 

Certain forward-looking statements contained herein and incorporated by reference concerning the Company s business and operations are based on estimates prepared by the Company using data from publicly available governmental sources as well as from market research and industry analysis and on assumptions based on data and knowledge of the industry in which the Company operates which the Company believes to be reasonable. However, although generally indicative of relative market positions, market shares and performance characteristics, such data is inherently imprecise. While the Company is not aware of any misstatement regarding any industry or government data presented herein, the industry in which the Company operates involves risks and uncertainties and is subject to change based on various factors. Many factors could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance, achievements, future events or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the factors discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. In particular, you should consider the following risks that could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements: 
 our inability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the divestiture of our cannabis business; 

our inability to continue as a going concern; 

geopolitical events, such as terrorism, war or other military conflict, including increased uncertainty regarding the ongoing hostility between Russia and the Ukraine and the related impact on macroeconomic conditions as a result of such conflict; 

changes in our industry; 

increased competition within the industries that we operate, particularly the nutraceutical and organic foods and beverages industries; 

changes in laws and/or government regulations affecting our business, including tax laws; 

the political environments in the U.S. and Canada; 

the COVID-19 pandemic and the efforts to mitigate its effects; 

systems failures or cybersecurity incidents; 

exposure to current and future claims and litigation, including product liability claims; 

exposure to currency fluctuations and restrictions as well as credit risks; 

potential significant increases in tax liabilities; 

product liability claims; 

our inability to attract or retain key personnel or additional employees required for the development and future success of our business; 

our inability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

changes in intellectual property laws; 

our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage; 

our reliance on sales to a limited number of customers; 

our failure to maintain any regulatory approvals, licenses and/or permits required for operating our business; 

adverse actions by governmental bodies that regulate our products, business or operations; 

our inability to maintain our liquidity position and manage expenses; and 

our failure to comply with, or remedy deficiencies with, the listing standards of Nasdaq or other securities exchanges on which our Common Shares are listed and trade. 

There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those expressly or implied expected or estimated in such statements. Shareholders and investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as the plans, intentions or expectations upon which they are based might not occur. Although the Company cautions that the foregoing list of risk factors, as well as those risk factors presented under the heading Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report, are not exhaustive, shareholders and investors should carefully consider them and the uncertainties they represent and the risks they entail. The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Unless otherwise indicated, forward-looking statements in this Annual Report describe our expectations as of the date of this Annual Report and, accordingly, are subject to change after such date. We do not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by applicable securities laws. 
 
 3 

Risks Factors Summary 
 Set forth below is summary of some of the principal risks the Company faces: 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Industry: 
 We are exposed to risks associated with the divestiture of our cannabis business. 

If we do not manage our supply chain effectively or if there are disruptions in our supply chain, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Our future results of operations may be adversely affected by input cost inflation. 

Our future results of operations may be adversely affected by the availability of natural and organic ingredients. 

We may not be successful in achieving savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives and related strategic initiatives. 

COVID-19 has and will continue to impact our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Increasing awareness of health and wellness are driving changes in the consumer products industry, and if we are unable to react in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected. 

Markets for our products and services are highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively. 

We may be unable to manage our growth effectively. 

We depend on significant customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our customer relationships or significant customers reduce their purchases, our revenue could decline significantly. 

Significant interruptions in our access to certain supply chains, for key inputs such as raw materials, electricity, water, and other utilities may impair our operations. 

Our future success depends on the sales of our consumer products and turnkey solutions products. 

Our activities rely on certain third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers and distributors, and such reliance may adversely affect us if the third parties are unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations. 

Our products may be subject to recalls for a variety of reasons, which could require us to expend significant management and capital resources. 

We may not meet timelines for project development. 

Product contamination or tampering or issues or concerns with respect to product quality, safety and integrity could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 

We may have difficulty obtaining insurance to cover its operational risks and, even where available, may not be sufficient to cover losses we may incur. 

Risks Relating to Our Accounting and Financial Policies 
 Although our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, our management believe that our recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations and other factors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have recorded long-lived asset impairment charges and may be required to record additional charges to future earnings if our long-lived assets become impaired. 

Risks Relating to Our Liquidity 
 We are actively managing our liquidity and expenses, including by extending payables due and reducing investment in our businesses, and it is not certain that we will be ultimately successful in developing our business and remaining a going concern. 

As a result of our failure to timely file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we are currently ineligible to file new short form registration statements on Form S-3, which may impair our ability to raise capital on terms favorable to us, in a timely manner or at all. 

We may have difficulty accessing public and private capital and banking services, which could negatively impact its ability to finance its operations. 

The issuance and sale of common shares upon exercise of outstanding warrants may cause substantial dilution to existing shareholders and may also depress the market price of our common shares. Outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our common stock have cashless exercise rights. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. This may adversely affect the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements and, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, it could impact our reputation, business, and the price of our common shares, as well as lead to a loss of investor confidence in us. 

As a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

The Company may be classified as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which would subject U.S. investors that hold the Company s Common Shares to potentially significant adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 

We are subject to laws and regulations and guidelines, including the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act in the United States and regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder, changes in which could increase our costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to risks inherent to the nutraceutical industry. 

We are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. 

Our inability to maintain our regulatory approvals and permits could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We are currently, and may in the future be, subject to substantial litigation, investigations and proceedings that could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and result in harm to our business. 

4 

Risks Relating to Our Human Resources 
 We may be unable to attract or retain key personnel, and we may be unable to attract, develop and retain additional employees required for our development and future success. 

We face exposure to fraudulent or illegal activity by officers, directors, employees, contractors, consultants and agents, which may subject us to investigations and legal actions. 

Risks Relating to Our Information Technology 
 We must successfully maintain and/or upgrade our information technology systems, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with security breaches, data loss, credit card fraud and identity theft that could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and loss of revenue as well as other risks. 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, on our intellectual property rights and a failure by us to protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Shares 
 We do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our Common Shares in the foreseeable future. 

If there is insufficient liquidity in our Common Shares, it could adversely affect your ability to sell your shares. 

U.S. investors may be unable to enforce certain judgments against us in Canada. 

Certain Canadian laws could delay or deter a change of control. 

Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our Common Shares. 

Our shareholders may be subject to dilution resulting from future offerings of Common Shares by us. 

Our constating documents permit us to issue an unlimited amount of additional Common Shares or Preferred Shares, which may prevent a third-party takeover or cause our shareholders to experience dilution in the future. 

Because the Company is a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of certain scaled disclosures available to us, resulting in holders of our securities receiving less Company information than they would receive from a public company that is not a smaller reporting company. 

Any acquisitions, strategic investments, divestitures, mergers, or joint ventures we make may require the issuance of a significant amount of equity or debt securities and may not be successful. 

We have reported negative cash flows from operating activities and may do so in future periods. 

We may not be able to maintain our operations without additional funding. 

We are subject to foreign currency fluctuations, which could adversely affect our financial results. 

General Risk Factors 
 Catastrophic events outside of our control, including pandemics, may harm our results of operations or damage our facilities. 

The market price of the Company s Common Shares may be highly volatile. 

5 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 7 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 17 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 29 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 32 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 52 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 52 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 53 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 54 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 54 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 55 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 55 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 55 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 55 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all dollar amounts are in United States Dollars unless otherwise indicated. 
 
 6 

PART I 
 Item 1. Business. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 GENERAL 
 Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. Neptune , the Company , we , us or our is a modern consumer packaged goods CPG company driven by a singular purpose: to transform the everyday for a healthier tomorrow. Neptune is a diversified health and wellness company with multiple brand units. With a mission to redefine health and wellness, Neptune is focused on building a broad portfolio of high quality, affordable consumer products in response to long-term secular trends and market demand for natural, plant-based, sustainable and purpose-driven lifestyle brands. The Company utilizes a highly flexible, cost-efficient manufacturing and supply chain infrastructure that can be scaled up and down or into adjacent product categories to identify new innovation opportunities, quickly adapt to consumer preferences and demand, and bring new products to market through its mass retail partners and e-commerce channels. Leveraging decades of expertise in extraction and product formulation, Neptune is a provider of turnkey product development and supply chain solutions to business customers across several health and wellness verticals, including nutraceuticals and white label consumer packaged goods. Neptune has expanded its operations since June 2020 into brand units in order to better address its markets. The main brand units are Nutraceuticals and Organic Foods Beverages. All amounts in this Annual Report are in US dollars, unless otherwise noted. 
 HISTORY 
 Neptune was incorporated under Part IA of the Companies Act (Qu bec) on October 9, 1998, under the name Neptune Technologies Bioresources Inc. Since its incorporation, Neptune has amended its articles of incorporation on numerous occasions. The Company first amended its articles on May 30, 2000 to convert its then issued and outstanding shares into newly created classes of shares. The Company s articles were also amended on May 31, 2000 to create Series A Preferred Shares. On August 29, 2000, the Company converted all its issued and outstanding Class A shares into Class B subordinate shares. On September 25, 2000, the Company further amended its share capital to eliminate its Class A shares and converted its Class B subordinate shares into Common Shares. On November 1, 2013, the Company amended its articles of incorporation to reflect certain changes to items relating to board matters. The Company s Common Shares are listed and posted for trading on the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC NASDAQ under the symbol, NEPT . 
 On June 9, 2022, we effected a one for thirty-five (1-for-35) reverse split of our common shares, which we refer to as the Share Consolidation, as approved by our Board of Directors. Trading of our common shares on both the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX and NASDAQ on a post-consolidated basis commenced as of the open of markets on June 13, 2022. On August 15, 2022, the Company voluntarily delisted its Common Shares from the TSX. 
 OUR PROPERTIES AND OPERATIONS 
 The following table sets forth the Company's principal physical properties: 

Type 
 Material Properties Location 
 Leased / Owned 

Office 
 Laval, Qu bec 
 Leased 

Office 
 Vaudreuil, Qu bec 
 Leased 

Office / Laboratory 
 Laval, Qu bec 
 Leased 

Office 
 Jupiter, Florida 
 Leased 

Our headquarters is located in leased offices in Laval, Qu bec, where our general and administrative departments primarily operate. We also lease laboratory space in Laval, Quebec where testing and development of many of our products takes place. On December 5, 2022, our U.S. operations opened an office in Jupiter, Florida which serves as the U.S. headquarters. We previously owned a production facility in Sherbrooke, Quebec where we conducted our cannabis operations including laboratory testing. On October 17, 2022, we announced that we had entered into a binding agreement for the sale of our cannabis business, which would include the sale of our cannabis brands and the Sherbrooke building in one or more transactions. The disposition of our cannabis operations occurred on November 9, 2022. We believe the divestment of the cannabis assets will allow us to realize significant cost savings and operational streamlining from redirected resources towards our simplified corporate structure. We also have leased offices in Vaudreuil, Province of Qu bec, Canada, which is unoccupied. The Vaudreuil offices were previously used for the Company s Biodroga business. The Company intends to sub-lease the Vaudreuil offices. 
 
 7 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 Neptune s vision is to change consumer habits through the creation and distribution of environmentally friendly, ethical and innovative consumer product goods. Our mission is to redefine health and wellness and help humanity thrive by providing sustainable consumer focused solutions. Despite the decline in global economic activity since the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus, Neptune has taken transformative, and successful, actions to increase its sales, distribution and reach in both the business-to-business B2B and business-to-consumer B2C models in the consumer-packaged goods CPG market. Neptune has a dual go-to market B2B and B2C strategy focused on expanding its global distribution reach. The strategy sets Neptune apart from its competition and has started to yield consistent, long-term revenue opportunities for the Company. 
 The Company s long-term strategy is focused on the health and wellness sector with an emphasis on select CPG verticals, including Nutraceuticals and Organic Foods Beverages. Neptune s current brand portfolio across these verticals include Sprout , Neptune Wellness , Forest Remedies , and MaxSimil . 
 On June 9, 2021, Neptune announced a multi-year licensing agreement between Sprout and CoComelon, the world s leading children s entertainment brand, owned and operated by Moonbug Entertainment. In addition, on July 27, 2021, an initial launch was announced for Sprout products into Canada, in Metro grocery stores in the province of Ontario. In September 2022, Sprout launched its up-age meal products. 
 Neptune s future will be focused on brand creation, accelerating organic growth with emphasis on increased efficiency and margin expansion. This will be complemented by accretive acquisitions with a proven track record of operational excellence. On July 22, 2021, the Company launched Forest Remedies plant-based Omega 3-6-9 gummies and soft gels. Neptune is focused on expanding its exclusive Omega-3 delivery technology MaxSimil while improving growth and profitability in its Nutraceuticals vertical. The MaxSimil product lineup will be expanded with the launch of two new consumer products: MaxSimil with CoQ10 and MaxSimil with Curcumin. Additionally, the Company launched a new consumer line of Vitamin Sprays and Pumps for both children and adults with selected retail partners. To support anticipated accelerated growth, the Nutraceuticals U.S. sales force has been expanded to maximize awareness and distribution of the capabilities and expertise in nutraceuticals, including prebiotics and probiotics, and proteins within this important vertical. 
 PRODUCTS, PRINCIPAL MARKETS, METHODS OF DISTRIBUTION AND BRANDS 
 Products 
 Our Nutraceutical products and Organic Foods and Beverages are manufactured by third party manufacturers. In order to meet demand for our products, we have developed relationships with selected contract manufacturers. For Biodroga we mainly buy all the raw materials we supply to our third-party manufacturers Our largest co-manufacturers for Biodroga makes approximately 35 of our annual production requirements. For Sprout, 90 of raw materials are purchased by the third-party manufacturers based on our specifications. The largest Sprout co-manufacturer makes about 40 of our annual requirements. We believe that we are not dependent on any single contract manufacturer and that, if necessary, our current selected contract manufacturers could be replaced with minimal disruption to our operations. 
 Our quality control staff requires full disclosure of quality procedures and certifications on the part of our suppliers and we periodically conduct on-site audits of their facilities. For strategic reasons, certain of our key raw materials are sourced from single suppliers. However, in the event that we were unable to source an ingredient from a current supplier, we believe that we could generally obtain the same ingredient or an equivalent from an alternative supplier, with minimal disruption to our operations. 
 Canadian Cannabis Products - Extracts and Formulations 
 On October 16, 2022, Neptune entered into an asset sale and purchase agreement (the ASPA with a third-party, for its Canadian cannabis business including the Sherbrooke facility, following the planned divestiture of this business announced on June 8, 2022. The aggregate purchase price of the assets sold, net of liabilities assumed, amounted to 3.8 million 5.15 million CAD). The ASPA closed on November 9, 2022. Some assets were excluded from the ASPA and were written down accordingly. On November 10, 2022, the Company filed a notice of cessation of cannabis activities with Health Canada and requested that its cannabis processing and research licenses be revoked. As of November 11, 2022, all cannabis was removed from the Sherbrooke facility and the Company no longer possesses or conducts any activities with cannabis. 
 
 8 

MARKETS 
 Nutraceuticals 
 Neptune offers a variety of specialty ingredients, including our licensed specialty ingredient MaxSimil , a technology that helps increase digestion and absorption of fat-soluble and nutritional ingredients. Additionally, the Company sources a variety of other marine oils, seed oils and specialty ingredients that are available for sale as raw material or transformed into finished products. The Company has recently launched a new line of Vitamin Sprays and Pumps for both children and adults. Neptune is focused on expanding its exclusive Omega-3 delivery technology MaxSimil while improving growth and profitability in its Nutraceuticals vertical through its brand Biodroga. 
 Neptune s core strength is product innovation with a focus on specialty ingredients offered in bulk soft gels and liquid delivery systems. The Company continues to expand its delivery system capabilities with projects for pumps, sprays and roll-ons. All of Neptune s Nutraceutical products are available under distributors private labels, primarily sold in the Canadian and U.S. nutraceutical markets. Neptune, through its nutraceuticals products business, also formulates, develops and provides customers with turnkey nutrition solutions. 
 The Company sells wellness products to the Nutraceutical market through its Forest Remedies brand. Forest Remedies offers plant-based supplements, including first-of-its kind multi-omega gummies and soft gels with packaging that is 100 plastic-free. Neptune announced, on March 10, 2022, the launch of its Forest Remedies Multi Omega 3-6-9 line of supplements. This distribution agreement marks another important milestone in our efforts to transform Neptune into a high-growth branded CPG company. 
 Organic Foods and Beverages 
 In February 2021, Neptune acquired a controlling interest in Sprout Foods, Inc., an organic plant-based baby food and toddler snack company. Sprout is an integral piece of Neptune s health and wellness portfolio and represents a key brand within the Organic Foods and Beverages vertical. Since completing the Sprout acquisition, the Company has begun expansion efforts in Sprout s distribution across substantially all of Target s U.S. retail stores. The Company also announced, on July 27, 2021, the initial launch of Sprout products into Canada, in Metro grocery stores in the province of Ontario. Neptune further expects to launch Sprout products in North America throughout the remainder of the fiscal year. The Company expects the Neptune/Sprout combination to result in significant incremental revenue growth, with several near and long-term revenue synergy opportunities identified within Neptune s existing relationships and current sales channels. As described above, Neptune also announced on June 9, 2021, an exclusive multi-year licensing agreement between Sprout and CoComelon, the #1 children s entertainment and educational show in the world with more than 110 million subscribers worldwide. This co-branded product line is now available on Walmart.com and in 900 Walmart stores and has been very well-received. With this launch, Sprout Organics now sells into the top organic baby food retailers in the U.S., accounting for approximately 90 percent of the overall market. 
 On May 2, 2023, Neptune announced that four of its most popular Sprout Organics x CoComelon co-branded, organic toddler pouches have been picked up by Target and are now available in select Target Stores across the United States, and Target.com. The Sprout Organics x CoComelon line includes 15 SKU's that are made up of toddler pouches, Wafflez snacks, and plant-based snack bars, each leveraging CoComelon's brand as the #1 Kids YouTube Channel in the world. In addition to the CoComelon partnership, Sprout Organics SKU's consist of organic toddler pouches, toddler meals, toddler snacks and the newly launched Big Kid Mealz; Sprouts first product out of the baby aisle. 
 In the last year, Sprout has made the following major distribution gains and sales milestones: 
 Distribution : Now available in 90 of the organic baby food market, Sprout x CoComelon being a key driver of sales velocity. 
 Target SKU Count : 4 Sprout x CoComelon SKUs launched in select Target stores nationwide and Target.com. 
 Added Distribution : In the last year, Sprout has established substantial distribution gains with leading retailers, and Target has contributed to that growth. 
 CoComelon Co-Brand: Yes Yes Veggie product is now Sprout's #1 highest selling pouch in the latest 26 weeks in Total US xAOC . 
 Geographic Presence: Now available in all 50 states, as well as in Canada. 
 Sales velocity: Sales dollars per total point of distribution; Nielsen AOD; Total US x AOC Latest 26 weeks W/E 3-25-23 
 SALES AND DISTRIBUTION 
 Nutraceutical Products 
 The Company sells its nutraceutical products mainly in bulk softgels or liquids to multiple distributors and customers, who commercialize these products under their private label. While the Company may have orders in place with approximately 100 different distributors and customers at any one time, the majority of the Company s sales are concentrated with a small group of distributors and customers. Agreements with these distribution partners may be terminated or altered by them unilaterally in certain circumstances. 
 The Company sells its Neutraceutical products through distributors and directly to retail outlets in the United States. It also sells its products online through its own website forestremedies.com as well as e-commerce sites. 
 Organic Foods and Beverages 
 The Company, though its Sprout subsidiary, sells its products to mass retailers, grocery stores and other retail outlets, as well as online through e-commerce sites and its own website sproutorganics.com. 
 
 9 

OUR B2C BRAND PORTFOLIO STRATEGY 
 We are currently working on accelerating brand equity for our brand portfolio: 

Biodroga . Neptune, through its Biodroga subsidiary, provides product development and turnkey solutions (4PL) to its customers throughout North America. Biodroga offers a full range of services, whether it is leveraging our global network of suppliers to find the best ingredients or developing unique formulations that set our customers apart from their competition. Biodroga s core products are MaxSimil, various Omega-3 fish oils and other nutritional products, as well as softgel solutions. 

MaxSimil. Neptune has an exclusive license to use the patented nutritional ingredient, MaxSimil, an omega-3 fatty acid delivery technology that uses enzymes that mimic the natural human digestive system to predigest omega-3 fatty acids. The Journal of Nutrition, by the Oxford University Press, recently released the results of a clinical study that evidences MaxSimil s superior absorption as compared with standard fish oil supplements. MaxSimil was first introduced to the market in 2018, and is sold as a straight omega-3 supplement with standard and unique concentration of EPA/DHA. MaxSimil is also starting to be presented in combination with specialty ingredients such as Curcumin and Vitamin K2. 

Forest Remedies . Under our Forest Remedies brand, we offer first-of-their kind vegan multi-omega gummies and soft gels with packaging that is 100 plastic-free. Launched on March 10, 2022, our Forest Remedies Multi Omega 3-6-9 line of supplements marked an important milestone in our efforts to transform Neptune into a high-growth branded CPG company. 

Sprout . Neptune entered a new market with the Neptune/Sprout combination. Sprout has created a trusted organic baby food brand with a comprehensive range of products that are always USDA certified organic, non-GMO and contain nothing artificial. Sprout s products target four segments: Stage 2 (children 6 months and up), Stage 3 (children 8 months and up), Toddler (children aged 12 months and up) and Snacks (children 8 months and up). Since our acquisition of a controlling interest in Sprout, the Company has begun expansion efforts in Sprouts distribution substantially in all of Target s U.S. retail stores. The Company also announced on July 27, 2021, its initial launch into the Canadian market through its partnership with food retailer Metro Inc. Certain toddler snacks under this brand label are now available in Metro grocery stores in the province of Ontario. 

COMPETITION 
 The nutraceutical and organic foods and beverages industries are highly competitive. There are many companies, public and private universities, and research organizations actively engaged in the research and development of products that may be similar to our products. It is probable that the number of companies seeking to develop products similar to our products will increase. Many of these and other existing or potential competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and human resources than we do and may be better equipped to develop, manufacture and market products. 
 We seek to differentiate our products and marketing from our competitors based on product quality, customer service, marketing support, pricing and innovation, and believe that our strategy enables us to effectively compete in the marketplace. For additional information regarding the competitive nature of our businesses, see Risks Related to Our Business under the heading Risk Factors of this Form 10-K. 
 10 

REGULATORY 
 Our Nutraceutical and Organic Food and Beverage businesses are subject to varying degrees of regulation by a number of government authorities in Canada and the U.S., including Health Canada, the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and the Environmental Protection Agency. Various provincial, state and local agencies in areas where we operate and in which our products are sold also regulate our business. The areas of our business regulated by both these and other authorities include, among others: 
 product claims and advertising; 

product labels; 

product ingredients; 

how we manufacture, package, distribute, import, export, sell and store our products; and 

our classification as an essential business and our right to continue operations during government shutdowns. 

Health Canada and the FDA, in particular, regulate the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, storage, labeling, promotion, distribution and sale of vitamins and other nutritional supplements in Canada and the U.S., while other agencies regulate marketing and advertising claims. Under Health Canada and FDA rules, companies that manufacture, package, label, distribute or hold nutritional supplements are required to meet certain GMP s to ensure such products are of the quality specified and are properly packaged and labeled. We are committed to meeting or exceeding the standards set by Health Canada and the FDA and believe we are currently operating within the mandated GMP. 
 Health Canada and he FDA also regulate the labeling and marketing of dietary supplements and nutritional products, including the following: 
 the identification of dietary supplements or nutritional products and their nutrition and ingredient labeling; 

requirements related to the wording used for claims about nutrients, health claims, and statements of nutritional support; 

labeling requirements for dietary supplements or nutritional products for which high potency and antioxidant claims are made; 

notification procedures for statements on dietary supplements or nutritional products; and 

premarket notification procedures for new dietary ingredients in nutritional supplements. 

We are also subject to a variety of other regulations in Canada and the U.S., including those relating to health, safety, bioterrorism, taxes, labor, employment, import and export, the environment and intellectual property. All of these regulations require significant financial and operational resources to ensure compliance, and we cannot assure you we will always be in compliance despite our best efforts to do so or that complying will not become prohibitively costly to our business. 
 
 11 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 We constantly evaluate the importance of obtaining intellectual property protection for our technology brands, products, applications and processes and maintaining trade secrets. When applicable to our business and products, we seek to obtain, license and enforce patents, protect our proprietary information and maintain trade secret protection without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We also make use of trade secrets, proprietary unpatented information and trademarks to protect our technology and enhance our competitive position. 
 Brand Names and Trademarks 
 Sprout , NurturMe , Nosh! , Neptune Wellness , MaxSimil , Forest Remedies , and Ocean Remedies are trademarks of the Company. 
 Licenses 
 On January 31, 2020, Neptune entered into an exclusive, worldwide, and royalty-bearing licensing agreement with SCF Pharma Inc. for the development, manufacturing, formulation, distribution, sub-licensing and sale of the MaxSimil technology in nutraceutical products. 
 On May 28, 2021, Sprout Foods entered into a multi-year licensing agreement with Moonbug, providing Sprout with an exclusive license to utilize certain properties relating to CoComelon , the world s leading children s entertainment brand, owned and operated by Moonbug, with Sprout products. 
 EMPLOYEES 
 As of March 31, 2023, we had 50 employees working at our business offices in Jupiter and Laval, or remotely, down from 161 employees at March 31, 2022. Our employees possess specialized skills and knowledge, which we believe are valuable assets of the Company. As of March 31, 2023, 21 of our employees were in Canada while 29 were in the United States. We also had 21 temporary personnel. None of our employees were represented by a union. We consider our relations with our employees to be good and our operations have never been interrupted as the result of a labor dispute. 
 SEASONALITY 
 In addition to general economic factors, we are impacted by seasonal factors and trends such as major cultural events and other unpredictable matters. Although we believe the impact or seasonality on our consolidated results of operations is minimal, our quarterly results may vary significantly in the future due to the timing of nutraceutical contract manufacturing orders as well promotions and ordering patterns of our other customers. We cannot provide assurance future revenues will follow historical patterns. The market price of our common shares may be adversely affected by these factors. 
 
 12 

BUSINESS UPDATE 
 Financial Positioning 
 We are taking the steps necessary to shore up cash reserves in the immediate term and position our balance sheet properly to fund our growth initiatives as we push towards profitability. To this end, we have explored multiple options to balance the need for providing near-term financial stability while ensuring we continue to build long-term shareholder value. As a result, we have entered into three agreements for the purchase and sale of shares of our common stock and pre-funded warrants in October 2022, June 2022 and March 2022. We also issued promissory notes in July 2022, November 2022 and March 2023, issued senior secured notes in January 2023 and entered into an accounts receivable factoring facility in January 2023; an inventory factoring facility was also added in May 2023. Taking into account all considerations, we believe these actions are in the best interest of the company and will benefit shareholders in the long-term. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Going Concern. Unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are in US dollars USD ). 
 Growth Drivers 
 We remain enthusiastic about the growth prospects of our business, with opportunity across all three of our core verticals. We have successfully made the transition to a fully-integrated consumer packaged goods company with a diverse suite of better-for-you brands, available in some of the country s largest retail chains. At the same time, we are driving consumer relevance by pursuing the right strategic partnerships for co-branded product lines and expanding our product offerings in key wellness categories. 
 Major Distribution Gains 
 Since acquiring a majority stake in Sprout Organics in February 2021, we have expanded Sprout baby foods and toddler snacks substantially, both online and in store at major retailers like Target and Walmart. Earlier in March 2022, we announced the launch of our Forest Remedies Multi Omega 3-6-9 line of supplements into more than 340 Sprouts Farmers Market stores across the U.S. This distribution agreement marks another important milestone in our efforts to transform Neptune into a high-growth branded CPG company. 
 Strategic Partnerships 
 In February 2022, we brought Walmart a first-of-its-kind collaboration between Sprout Organics and popular kids entertainment platform CoComelon. This co-branded product line is now available on Walmart.com and in 900 Walmart stores, and has been very well-received. With this launch, Sprout Organics now sells into the top organic baby food retailers in the U.S., accounting for approximately 90 percent of the overall market. 
 Investing in Our Prospects 
 On November 15, 2021 we initiated a strategic review and made some big changes to get on track to becoming a profitable diversified CPG company. These actions have taken effect, and we are starting to see the results. The third quarter of fiscal year 2022 was the first quarter where we posted a positive gross margin since transitioning to a CPG-focused model. The third quarter of fiscal year 2022 was the first quarter where we posted a positive gross margin since transitioning to a CPG-focused model. For the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, consolidated gross profit margin was (21.14) of net sales, up from (49.39) for the same period last year. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 the gross profit margin was (4.70) up from (15.44) for the same period of the prior year. However, there can be no assurances that revenue or gross profit growth will continue. 
 While the global market can be unstable during turbulent times, we are taking steps to ensure we remain well- positioned to execute against our stated plan: controlling our costs while pursuing high-growth opportunities. To that effect, Neptune announced on June 8, 2022 the launch of a new CPG focused strategic plan to reduce costs, improve the Company s path to profitability and enhance current shareholder value. This plan focuses on two primary actions: (1) the divestiture of the Canadian cannabis business and (2) a realignment of focus and operational resources toward increasing the value of Neptune s consumer products business. With the divestiture of its cannabis business, Neptune is renewing its focus on the core brands Sprout Organics and Biodroga Solutions that align closely with future consumer trends and show a greater potential for future growth and profitability. 
 On October 16, 2022, Neptune entered into an asset sale and purchase agreement (the ASPA with a third- party, for its Canadian cannabis business including the Sherbrooke facility, following the divestiture of this business announced on June 8, 2022. The aggregate purchase price of the assets sold, net of liabilities assumed, amounted to approximately 3.8 million 5.15 million CAD). The ASPA closed on November 9, 2022. Some assets were excluded from the ASPA and were written down accordingly. The completion of the divestiture of our cannabis business is a critical milestone in executing upon our strategy to become a leading CPG company. The sale of the cannabis assets will allow us to realize significant cost savings and operational streamlining from redirected resources towards our simplified corporate structure, as we focus on Sprout as the key growth driver for Neptune going forward. 
 
 13 

RECENT CORPORATE DEVELOPMENTS 
 Neptune s Presence in Canada s Cannabis Market 
 During the year ended on March 31, 2022, Neptune supplied the market with premium cannabis extracts and dried flower, under its Mood Ring and PanHash brands, and completed its launch of all significant regulated product categories. All cannabis products were manufactured and packaged at the Company s purpose-built facility in Sherbrooke, Quebec. On June 8, 2022, the Company announced a planned accelerated divestiture of the Canadian cannabis business and that the Company would focus on winding up its cannabis operations pending one or more sales transactions. Following this announcement, all assets and liabilities related to the Canadian cannabis business were respectively shown under assets held for sale and liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale on Neptune s balance sheet. Further information on those assets and liabilities can be found in note 4 of the consolidated financial statements for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023. On October 16, 2022, Neptune entered into an asset sale and purchase agreement (the ASPA with a third-party, for its Canadian cannabis business including the Sherbrooke facility, following the planned divestiture of this business announced on June 8, 2022. The aggregate purchase price of the assets sold, net of liabilities assumed, amounted to approximately 3.8 million 5.15 million CAD). The ASPA closed on November 9, 2022. Some assets were excluded from the ASPA and were written-down accordingly, on October 17, 2022 we announced that we had entered into a binding agreement for the sale of our cannabis business and the sale closed on November 9, 2022. 
 Launch of a New CPG Focused Strategic Plan 
 On June 8, 2022, Neptune announced the launch of a new Consumer Packaged Goods CPG focused strategic plan to reduce costs, improve the Company s path to profitability and enhance current shareholder value. This plan builds on the Company s initial strategic review that took place in fall of 2021 and focuses on two primary actions: (1) divestiture of the Canadian cannabis business and (2) a realignment of focus and operational resources toward increasing the value of Neptune s consumer products business. With the divestiture of its cannabis business, Neptune has renewed its focus on its core brands Sprout Organics and Biodroga Solutions that align closely with future consumer trends and show a greater potential for future growth and profitability. The strategic plan is expected to lower costs and reduce global headcount by approximately 50 . 
 Neptune Announces New Line of CoComelon Co-Branded Products 
 Neptune announced on May 26, 2022 a new line up of CoComelon co-branded organic snack bars for toddlers. The snack bars are the latest innovation in the Sprout Organics x CoComelon product line launched earlier this year, which features a range of organic baby and toddler food pouches and toddler snacks. New snack bars will be available online and at select retailers nationwide. Sprout Organics CoComelon Snack Bars are available in two flavor combinations: Banana and Banana with Peas and Carrots. Each snack bar contains a blend of unsweetened fruits, veggies and gluten-free oats and packs an impressive 4g of plant-based protein and 2g of dietary fiber to help fuel growing bodies. 
 Changes to Management 
 Neptune announced on June 8, 2022 that Sarah Tynan, Sprout s Chief Customer Officer, was promoted to CEO of Sprout. Ms. Tynan resigned from her position at Sprout as of July 7, 2023. 
 On June 14, 2022, Neptune announced the appointment of Raymond Silcock as Chief Financial Officer, effective July 25, 2022. Mr. Silcock, who is based out of Neptune s Jupiter, Florida office, previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Perrigo Plc, as well as CFO at Diamond Foods, The Great Atlantic and Pacific Tea Company, UST Inc., and Cott Corporation. In addition, he has previously served as Chair of both Audit and Strategy Committees on several Boards including Pinnacle Foods Inc., American Italian Pasta Company, Prestige Brands and Bacardi Limited. Mr. Silcock replaces Randy Weaver who was Interim CFO up to July 22, 2022. 
 Receipt of NASDAQ Notifications 
 On November 15, 2022, the Company filed a Notification of Late Filing on Form 12b-25 (the Form 12b-25 with the SEC, which stated that it was unable to file its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 by the prescribed due date without unreasonable effort or expense because it required additional time to finalize its financial statements to be included in the Form 10-Q. The Company did not file its Form 10-Q by the fifth calendar day delay after the prescribed due date. On November 22, 2022, the Company received a Deficiency Notice from Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of not having timely filed the Form 10-Q with the SEC, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) (the Listing Rule ), which requires timely filing of all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. The Deficiency Notice had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common shares on the Nasdaq. The Deficiency Notice indicated that the Company could regain compliance with the Listing Rule at any time prior to January 23, 2023 by filing the Form 10-Q. If the Company failed to file the Form 10-Q by such date, the Company could submit a plan to regain compliance with the Listing Rule prior to such date and, following receipt of such plan, Nasdaq may grant an extension of 180 calendar days from the Form 10-Q due date, or until May 15, 2023, for the Company to regain compliance. On December 20, 2022, the Company filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 and, thereby, regained compliance with the Listing Rule. 
 On February 15, 2023, the Company filed a Form 12b-25 with the SEC, which stated that it was unable to file its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 by the prescribed due date without unreasonable effort or expense because it required additional time to finalize its financial statements to be included in the Form 10-Q. The Company did not file its Form 10-Q by the fifth calendar day delay after the prescribed due date. On February 23, 2023, the Company received a Deficiency Notice from Nasdaq indicating that, as a result of not having timely filed the Form 10-Q with the SEC, the Company is not in compliance with the Listing Rule, which requires timely filing of all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. The Deficiency Notice had no immediate effect on the listing or trading of the Company s common shares on the Nasdaq. The Deficiency Notice indicated that the Company could regain compliance with the Listing Rule at any time prior to April 24, 2023 by filing the Form 10-Q. If the Company failed to file the Form 10-Q by such date, the Company may submit a plan to regain compliance with the Listing Rule prior to such date and, following receipt of such plan, Nasdaq may grant an extension of 180 calendar days from the Form 10-Q due date, or until August 21, 2023, for the Company to regain compliance. On March 30, 2023, the Company filed its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 and, thereby, regained compliance with the Listing Rule. 
 14 

On December 29, 2022, we received a Deficiency Notice from Nasdaq informing us that our Common Shares have failed to comply with the 1.00 minimum bid price required for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid price of our Common Shares for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Deficiency Notice. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were given 180 calendar days from December 29, 2022, or until June 27, 2023, to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). On June 27, 2023, the Company filed for an extension to this deadline and the Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until December 26, 2023, to regain compliance. If at any time before December 26, 2023, the bid price of our Common Shares closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Nasdaq will provide written confirmation that we have regained compliance. 
 Change in Auditors 
 On May 25, 2023, the Audit Committee and Board of Directors of the Company approved the engagement of Berkowitz Pollack Brant Advisors + CPAs BPB as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements for the year ending March 31, 2024. Accordingly, KPMG LLP KPMG ), which is currently serving as the Company's independent auditors, was informed that it will be dismissed upon completion of their audit of the Company's consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023 and the issuance of their report thereon. The engagement of BPB is subject to the approval of the shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting. 
 Closing of a 5,000,000 Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules 
 On June 23, 2022, Neptune announced that it had closed a registered direct offering with certain institutional investors for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 1,945,526 common shares (or common share equivalents) of the Company, and accompanying two series of warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 3,891,052 common shares per series of warrants, at an offering price of 2.57 per share and accompanying warrants in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. Each series of warrants have an exercise price of 2.32 per share and are immediately exercisable upon issuance. One series of warrants will expire two years following the date of issuance and one series of warrants will expire five years following the date of issuance, for aggregate gross proceeds of 5 million before deducting fees and other offering expenses. The pre-funded warrants issued in the offering were fully exercised on June 24, 2022, for 65. Additionally, on October 6, 2022, 972,763 Series C common share purchase warrants were amended to provide for an extended expiration date of June 23, 2029. 
 Expansion of the Existing Secured Promissory Notes 
 On July 13, 2022, Neptune announced that Sprout Foods Inc. Sprout ), the Company's organic plant-based baby food and toddler snack company, has entered into an amendment of each of its existing Secured Promissory Notes to expand from 22.5 million to a maximum of 37.5 million, of which any unfunded amount is available in future periods subject to investor demand. In connection with this amendment, investment funds managed by Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital Morgan Stanley or MSEC have agreed to immediately commit an additional 3 million under the expanded Secured Promissory Notes to Sprout. This amount was received July 13, 2022. The maturity date of the note facility of February 1, 2024, is consistent with the maturity date of the existing Secured Promissory Notes with MSEC and Neptune. The funds from the expanded facility are intended to be used for the general working capital needs of Sprout and the repayment of certain existing Sprout debt payable to Neptune. The existing and new Notes will bear interest at 10 per annum, increasing by 1.00 every three months during the term of the Secured Promissory Notes. MSEC was issued 372,670 common shares of Neptune, of an approximate value of 0.6 million in connection with this expansion. 
 On November 8, 2022, Sprout entered into three agreements to issue an additional 0.55 million of Secured Promissory Notes, on the same terms as the Secured Promissory Note discussed above. In connection with this financing, Neptune issued 146,330 common shares, on February 15, 2023, to the holders of these Secured Promissory Notes for a value of 0.1 million. 
 On March 10, 2023, Sprout issued promissory notes for gross proceeds of 0.3 million to various investors, also on the same terms. Pursuant to the terms of those promissory notes, the Company also issued to these investors warrants March 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 111,111 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.54 per common share. The aggregate fair value on issuance of the March 2023 Warrants was 0.0 million. 
 On April 27, 2023, the Company announced that Sprout extended the maturity of its existing 13 million secured promissory note with MSEC. The note maturity has been extended from February 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, which will bear interest at the rate of 15.0 per annum through and including December 31, 2023, payable in kind, and 10.0 per annum, payable in kind, and 5.0 per annum payable in cash, from and after January 1, 2024. 
 Closing of a 6,000,000 Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market Under Nasdaq Rules and Concurrent Private Placement 
 On October 6, 2022, Neptune announced that it entered into definitive agreements with institutional investors for the purchase and sale of 3,208,557 common shares of the Company (the Common Shares pursuant to a registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules (the Offering and warrants to purchase up to 6,417,114 Common Shares (the Warrants in a concurrent private placement (the Private Placement ). The combined purchase price for one Common Share and one Warrant is 1.87. The Warrants will have an exercise price of 1.62 per Common Share, will be exercisable immediately following the date of issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The aggregate gross proceeds from the Offering and the concurrent Private Placement were approximately 6.0 million, before deducting fees and other estimated expenses, for net proceeds of approximately 5.1 million. The Offering and concurrent Private Placement closed on October 11, 2022. 
 Closing of a Debt Financing 
 On January 13, 2023, Neptune announced that it has closed on a senior secured notes financing (such notes, the Notes for gross proceeds of 4.0 million with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and Symbolic Logic, Inc. (collectively, the Noteholders ). The Notes will mature 12 months from the initial closing and bear interest at a rate of 16.5 per annum. The notes are secured by the assets of Neptune excluding the assets of Sprout. Interest will be payable in kind on the first 6 monthly payment dates after the initial closing date and thereafter will be payable in cash. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Company also issued to the Noteholders warrants to purchase an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.53 per common share. On March 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and First Amendment to the Notes (the Waiver Agreement ). The Waiver Agreement waives certain administrative, regulatory and financial statement related covenants as further described in the Waiver Agreement as required by the terms of the Notes. The lender has the right to demand immediate repayment in the event of default. Furthermore, in connection with the Waiver Agreement, the Notes were amended to provide that the Purchasers shall be paid an exit fee in the aggregate amount of 0.2 million, payable as follows: (i) on or prior to May 15, 2023, 0.1 million and (ii) on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), 0.1 million and the interest rate was increased to 24 for a period extending until the Company meets specified criteria in the Waiver Agreement. 
 15 

On May 22, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (the Waiver Agreement ), with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, related to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023 (see Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023). The Waiver Agreement provides that the required prepayment of 2.0 million (the Mandatory Prepayment ), due as of May 15, 2023, is waived, in part, until July 31, 2023, or for an additional thirty days thereafter if the Company has filed a Registration on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission by July 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Company was required to pay, and has paid, 1.0 million of the Mandatory Prepayment. For the period beginning on March 31, 2023, through and including the date that the entire Mandatory Prepayment, including interest and fees is paid, interest on the sum of the outstanding principal amounts will accrue at the rate of twenty four percent (24 per annum. Thereafter, interest will revert to the rate otherwise provided under the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company also agreed to pay an extension fee in an aggregate amount of 0.1 million, which was added to the principal amount due. 
 Inventory and Accounts Receivable Factoring Facility 
 On January 25, 2023, Neptune announced that its organic baby food brand subsidiary, Sprout Organics, has entered into an accounts receivable factoring facility with Alterna Capital Solutions, LLC Alterna ). The maximum available is 5 million. The terms of the agreement include a Funds Usage Fee of prime plus 1 with a minimum interest rate of 8 per annum. Alterna was granted a security interest in Sprout's accounts receivable. The agreement will remain in effect for a 12-month period, effective January 23, 2023, and will be automatically renewed. Neptune provided a commercial guaranty in connection with this agreement. On May 10, 2023, Neptune announced that Sprout has secured inventory financing through an Invoice Purchase and Security Agreement partnership with Alterna, effective April 21, 2023. The inventory line will provide Sprout with working capital for additional inventory to meet consumer demand and product line expansion. The maximum available has been amended to 7.5 million, from 5.0 million previously announced on January 25, 2023, adding a line of inventory to the accounts receivable factoring facility that is already in place. 
 Closing of a 4,000,000 Public Offering 
 On May 11, 2023, the Company announced the pricing of its public offering of 12,121,212 of its common shares (or common share equivalents in lieu thereof) and accompanying warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 12,121,212 common shares at a combined public offering price of 0.33 per share and accompanying warrant, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately 4.0 million. The warrants have an exercise price of 0.33 per share, are immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years following the date of issuance. The closing of the offering occurred on May 15, 2023. The Company plans to use the proceeds of the offering, after repayment of debt, for general corporate purposes, which may include (i) working capital, (ii) capital expenditures, (iii) operational purposes, including working capital to accelerate growth of the Company's business and (iv) potential acquisitions in complementary businesses. While the Company does not currently have any agreement with respect to an acquisition, the Company intends to evaluate potential opportunities and could use proceeds of the offering to invest in one or more complementary businesses. The principal reasons for this offering are to increase the Company's working capital, improve its ability to access the capital markets in the future, and to provide capital for general corporate purposes. In connection with this offering, the Company has agreed that certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 8,423,733 common shares that were previously issued in March 2022, June 2022, and October 2022, at exercise prices ranging from 1.62 to 11.20 per share and expiration dates ranging from September 14, 2023 to June 23, 2029, will be amended effective upon the closing of the offering, to reduce the exercise prices of the applicable warrants to 0.33, with expiration dates five years following the closing of the offering, with the exception of warrants to purchase up to 972,763 common shares which will expire on June 23, 2029 as currently contemplated. 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 The Company s head office and registered office is located at 545 Promenade du Centropolis, Suite 100, Laval, Qu bec, Canada, H7T 0A3. 
 The Company s website address is www.neptunecorp.com. The information provided on the Neptune website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 The Exchange Act requires us to file reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. These materials may be obtained electronically by accessing the SEC s home page at www.sec.gov. 

16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below and all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and related notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, before deciding to invest in our Common Shares. If any of the events or developments described below occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially or adversely affected. As a result, the market price of our Common Shares could decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Notes Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. The risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Notes Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Risks Relating to our Business and Industry 
 We are exposed to risks associated with the divestiture of our cannabis business. 
 On October 16, 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with PurCann Pharma, Inc., pursuant to which PurCann Pharma, Inc. agreed to purchase substantially all of the assets relating to our Canadian cannabis business, including our processing plant and property located in Sherbrooke, Quebec. The sale of our cannabis business closed on November 9, 2022. We may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of this disposition. Further, we face continued liability for the pre-closing activities of the divested cannabis business, which we agreed to assume as part of the transaction. Additionally, we may be unable to collect any accounts receivable retained from our cannabis business. 
 The terms of our indebtedness restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. 
 The Note Purchase Agreement, as amended (the Note Purchase Agreement ), governing the promissory notes (the 2023 Notes that we issued on January 12, 2023 contain a number of restrictive covenants related to the financial statement filing deadlines, that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and may limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interest, including restrictions on our ability to incur liens, make investments, loans, advances and acquisitions, incur additional indebtedness or guarantees, pay dividends on capital stock or redeem, repurchase or retire capital stock, engage in transactions with affiliates, sell assets, including capital stock of our subsidiaries, alter the business we conduct, alter their organizational documents, and consolidate or merge. 
 We defaulted on the conditions of the Note Purchase Agreement and entered into a Waiver and First Amendment to the Notes (the Waiver Agreement on March 9, 2023. The Waiver Agreement waives certain administrative, regulatory and financial statement related covenants as required by the terms of the Notes. Furthermore, in connection with the Waiver Agreement, the Notes were amended to provide that the Purchasers shall be paid an exit fee in the aggregate amount of 200,000, payable as follows: (i) on or prior to May 15, 2023, 100,000 and (ii) on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), 100,000 and the interest rate has increased to 24 for a period extending until the Company meets specified criteria in the Waiver Agreement. 
 On May 22, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (the Waiver Agreement ), with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, related to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023 (see Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023). The Waiver Agreement provides that the required prepayment of 2.0 million (the Mandatory Prepayment ), due as of May 15, 2023, is waived, in part, until July 31, 2023, or for an additional thirty days thereafter if the Company has filed a Registration on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission by July 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Company was required to pay, and has paid, 1.0 million of the Mandatory Prepayment. For the period beginning on March 31, 2023, through and including the date that the entire Mandatory Prepayment, including interest and fees is paid, interest on the sum of the outstanding principal amounts will accrue at the rate of twenty four percent (24 per annum. Thereafter, interest will revert to the rate otherwise provided under the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company also agreed to pay an extension fee in an aggregate amount of 138,606, which was added to the principal amount due. 
 A breach of the covenants under the Note Purchase Agreement, or any replacement facility, could result in an event of default under the applicable indebtedness, unless we obtain a waiver to avoid such default. If we are unable to obtain a waiver, such an event of default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. In the event that we breach one or more covenants, our lender may declare an event of default and require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding, terminate any commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on the collateral granted to it to collateralize such indebtedness. The occurrence of any of these events could restrict our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event our lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. If we are not able to pay our debts as they become due, we will be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, selling assets or selling additional debt or equity securities. We may not be able to refinance our debt or sell additional debt or equity securities or our assets on favorable terms, if at all, and if we must sell our assets, it may negatively affect our ability to generate revenues. 
 While the Note Purchase Agreement was amended to provide for a waiver of certain defaults, there can be no guarantee that we will not breach covenants in the Note Purchase Agreement or the 2023 Notes in the future. In the event that we breach one or more covenants, our lender may declare an event of default and increase the interest rate to 24 , require that we immediately repay all amounts outstanding, terminate any commitment to extend further credit and foreclose on the collateral granted to it to collateralize such indebtedness. The occurrence of any of these events could restrict our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we do not manage our supply chain effectively or if there are disruptions in our supply chain, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 The success of our business depends, in part, on maintaining a strong sourcing and manufacturing platform and efficient distribution channels. The inability of any supplier of raw materials, independent contract manufacturer or third-party distributor to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease, especially as it relates to our products that have a short shelf life. We must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand or risk having inadequate supplies to meet consumer demand as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable. 
 17 

We must also manage our third-party distribution, warehouse and transportation providers to ensure they are able to support the efficient distribution of our products to retailers. A disruption in transportation services could result in an inability to supply materials to our or our co-manufacturers facilities or finished products to our distribution centers or customers. Activity at third-party distribution centers could be disrupted by a number of factors, including labor issues, failure to meet customer standards, natural disasters or financial issues affecting the third-party providers. In particular, the Russia-Ukraine war and recent labor market shortages impacting our industry have created operating challenges in making our products available to customers and consumers, and such challenges may persist. 
 Our future results of operations may be adversely affected by input cost inflation. 
 Many aspects of our business have been, and may continue to be, directly affected by volatile commodity costs and other inflationary pressures. Agricultural commodities and ingredients are subject to price volatility which can be caused by commodity market fluctuations, crop yields, seasonal cycles, weather conditions, temperature extremes and natural disasters (including due to the effects of climate change), pest and disease problems, changes in currency exchange rates, imbalances between supply and demand, and government programs and policies among other factors. Volatile fuel costs translate into unpredictable costs for the products and services we receive from our third-party providers including, but not limited to, distribution costs for our products and packaging costs. 
 Our future results of operations may be adversely affected by the availability of natural and organic ingredients. 
 Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of natural and organic ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control, such as the number and size of farms that grow natural and organic crops, climate conditions, increased demand for natural and organic ingredients by our competitors, changes in national and world economic conditions, currency fluctuations and forecasting adequate need of seasonal ingredients. 
 The natural and organic ingredients that we use in the production of our products (including, among others, vegetables, fruits, nuts and grains) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, droughts, water scarcity, temperature extremes, wildfires, frosts, earthquakes and pestilences. Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and crop quality, which in turn could reduce our supplies of natural and organic ingredients or increase the prices of those ingredients. Such natural disasters and adverse weather conditions can be caused or exacerbated by climate change, and the spate of recent extreme weather events, including historic droughts, heatwaves, extreme cold and flooding, presents an alarming trend. If our supplies of natural and organic ingredients are reduced, we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms, if at all, which could impact our ability to supply products to our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also compete with other manufacturers in the procurement of natural and organic product ingredients, which may be less plentiful in the open market than conventional product ingredients. This competition may increase in the future if consumer demand for natural and organic products increases. This could cause our expenses to increase or could limit the amount of products that we can manufacture and sell. 
 We may not be successful in achieving savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives and related strategic initiatives. 
 Our strategy includes identifying areas of cost savings and operating efficiencies to expand profit margins and cash flow. As part of our identification of operating efficiencies, we may continue to seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio. 
 We may not be successful in fully implementing our productivity plans or realizing our anticipated savings and efficiencies, including potentially as a result of factors outside our control. Additionally, we may not be able to identify or negotiate divestiture opportunities on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to fully realize the anticipated savings and efficiencies of our cost reduction initiatives and related strategic initiatives, our profitability may be materially and adversely impacted. 
 COVID-19 has and will continue to impact our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 The global outbreak of the novel strain of the coronavirus known as COVID-19 has resulted in governments worldwide enacting emergency measures to combat the spread of the virus, including public health directives and orders in the United States, or the U.S., Canada and the European Union that, among other things and for various periods of time, directed individuals to shelter at their places of residence, directed businesses and governmental agencies to cease non-essential operations at physical locations, prohibited certain non-essential gatherings and events and ordered cessation of non-essential travel. The public health crisis caused by COVID-19 and the measures taken and continuing to be taken by governments, businesses and the public have, and we expect will continue to have, certain negative impacts on our business operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The duration and impact of the COVID-19 outbreak is unknown at this time, as is the efficacy of the government and central bank interventions. 
 The full extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business, including our operations and the market for our securities and our financial condition, will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. These include the duration, severity and scope of the outbreak, and further action taken by the government and other third parties in response to COVID-19 or new variants thereof. In particular, COVID-19 and government efforts to curtail COVID-19 could impede our production facilities, increase operating expenses, result in loss of sales, affect our supply chains, impact performance of contractual obligations or could require additional expenditures to be incurred. While most of these restrictions have since been lifted or eased, increases in new COVID-19 cases, including as a result of new COVID-19 variants, may lead to restrictions being reinstated, or new restrictions imposed. 
 Future remote work policies and similar government orders or other restrictions on the conduct of business operations related to the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact productivity and may disrupt our ongoing research and development activities, the magnitude of which will depend, in part, on the length and severity of the restrictions and other limitations on our ability to conduct our business in the ordinary course. We have and continue to update our operational procedures and safety protocols at our facilities to comply with mandates and guidance from governmental authorities. If such measures are not effective or governmental authorities implement further restrictions, we may be required to take more extreme action, which could include short or long-term closures of our facilities or reductions in workforce. These measures may impair our production levels or cause us to close or severely limit production at one or more facilities. Further, our operations could be adversely impacted if suppliers, contractors, customers and/or transportation carriers are restricted or prevented from conducting business activities. 
 Consumer demand for our products may also be impacted by COVID-19 as a result of reductions in consumers disposable income associated with layoffs, and work or pay limitations due to mandatory social distancing and lockdown measures implemented by government authorities. As demand for our products decreases, we may be required to record additional asset impairments, including an impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill, along with other accounting charges. 
 Given the ongoing and dynamic nature and significance of COVID-19 and its impact globally, we are not able to enumerate all potential risks and uncertainties to our business or financial condition. Any of the negative impacts of COVID-19, including those described above, alone or in combination with others, may have a material adverse effects on our business, results of operations or financial condition. Further, any of these negative impacts, alone or in combination with others, could exacerbate many of the other risk factors outlined in this Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on July 8, 2022 and in other reports that we file with the Commission from time to time. 
 18 

Increasing awareness of health and wellness are driving changes in the consumer products industry, and if we are unable to react in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be adversely affected. 
 We must continually anticipate and react, in a timely and cost-effective manner, to changes in consumer preferences and demands, including changes in demand driven by increasing awareness of health and wellness and demands for transparency or cleaner labels with respect to product ingredients by consumers and regulators. Consumers, especially in developed economies such as the U.S. and Canada, are rapidly shifting away from products containing artificial ingredients to all-natural, healthier alternatives. In addition, there has been a growing demand by consumers, non-governmental organizations and, to a lesser extent, governmental agencies to provide more transparency in product labeling and our customers have been taking steps to address this demand, including by voluntarily providing product-specific ingredients disclosure. These two trends could affect the types and volumes of our ingredients and compounds that our customers include in their consumer product offerings and, therefore, affect the demand for our products. If we are unable to react to or anticipate these trends in a timely and cost-effective manner, our results of operations and future growth may be materially adversely affected. 
 Markets for our products and services are highly competitive, and we may be unable to compete effectively. 
 Our products and services, including our consumer products, are offered in highly competitive markets that may be characterized by aggressive price competition and resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products and services, short product life cycles, evolving industry standards and government regulations, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. 
 Additionally, our consumer products may compete on the basis of product performance, brand recognition and price. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have significant impacts on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it typically requires continued advertising, promotional support and product innovations to maintain its relative market position. If our advertising, marketing and promotional programs are not effective or adequate, our net sales may be negatively impacted. 
 Some of our competitors are larger than us and have greater financial resources. These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than we can. Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices, which could lead to reduced sales, margins and net earnings. 
 We may be unable to manage our growth effectively. 
 Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our products and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. To that end, we must be able to continue to improve our operational and financial systems, managerial controls and procedures and we will need to continue to expand, train and manage our technology and workforce. We must also maintain close coordination among our technology, compliance, accounting, finance, marketing and sales functions. We cannot assure you that we will manage our growth effectively. If we fail to do so, our business could be materially harmed. 
 To support our growth, we may have to further increase our investment in technology, facilities, personnel and financial and management systems and controls. We may also have to further expand our procedures for monitoring and assuring our compliance with applicable regulations, and may need to integrate, train and manage a growing employee base. The expansion of our existing businesses, and expansion into new businesses and the resulting growth of our employee base will increase our need for internal audit and monitoring processes that are more extensive and broader in scope than those we have historically required. We may not be successful in identifying or implementing all of the processes that are necessary. Further, unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with this growth, our operating margins and profitability will be adversely affected. 
 We depend on a few significant customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our customer relationships or significant customers reduce their purchases, our revenue could decline significantly. 
 For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, one customer accounted for 10.66 of revenue, and one customer accounted for 10.26 of revenue for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022. 
 We believe that our operating results for the foreseeable future will continue to depend on sales to a small number of customers. These customers have no purchase commitments and may cancel, change or delay purchases with little or no notice or penalty. As a result of this customer concentration, our revenue could fluctuate materially and could be materially and disproportionately impacted by purchasing decisions of these customers or any other significant customer. In the future, these customers may decide to purchase less product from us than they have in the past, may alter purchasing patterns at any time with limited notice, or may decide not to continue to purchase our products at all, any of which could cause our revenue to decline materially and materially harm our financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to diversify our customer base, we will continue to be susceptible to risks associated with customer concentration. 
 In addition, the Company is subject to credit risk of its customers, and its profitability and cash flow are dependent on receipt of timely payments from clients. Any delay in payment by the Company s customers may have an adverse effect on the Company s profitability, working capital and cash flow. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to collect all or any of its trade receivables in a timely matter. If any of the Company s clients face unexpected situations such as financial difficulties, the Company may not be able to receive full or any payment of the uncollected sums or enforce any judgment debts against such clients, and the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Significant interruptions in our access to certain supply chains, for key inputs such as raw materials, electricity, water, and other utilities may impair our operations. 
 Our business is dependent on a number of key inputs and their related costs (certain of which are sourced in other countries and on different continents), including raw materials, supplies and equipment related to our operations, as well as electricity, water and other utilities. Governments may regulate or restrict the flow of our labor or our products, and the Company s operations, suppliers, customers, and distribution channels could be severely impacted. Any significant future government-mandated or market-related interruption, price increase or negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain for key inputs and, in particular, rising or volatile energy costs could curtail or preclude our ability to continue production. In addition, our operations would be significantly affected by a prolonged power outage. 
 No assurances can be given that we will be successful in maintaining our required supply of materials, labor, equipment, parts, and components. See also COVID-19 has and will continue to impact our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition . 
 19 

Our future success depends on the sales of our consumer products and turnkey solutions products. 
 We derive a large portion of our revenues from the sale of our turnkey solutions products and expect to derive an increasing portion of our revenues from the sale of consumer products. Our investments in and strategies used for our brand marketing are critical to achieve brand awareness with current customers, educate potential new customers and convert potential new customers into customers. However, there can be no assurance that our principal products will continue to receive, maintain or increase market acceptance. The inability to successfully commercialize our turnkey solutions and specialty ingredient products, in the future, for any reason, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, prospects and ability to continue operations. The overall commercialization success of our products depends on several factors, including: 
 continued market acceptance of our products by the nutraceutical market; 

the amount of resources devoted by our distribution partners to continue the commercialization efforts of our products in our core geographic markets; 

maintaining supply of our products to meet the purchase orders of our distribution partners; 

receipt of regulatory approvals, as applicable, for our products from regulatory agencies in certain territories in which we wish to expand our commercialization efforts; 

continuing compliance with applicable regulations; 

the number of competitors in our market; and 

protecting and enforcing our intellectual property and avoiding patent infringement claims. 

Our activities rely on certain third-party suppliers, contract manufacturers and distributors, and such reliance may adversely affect us if the third parties are unable or unwilling to fulfill their obligations. 
 For our consumer product and nutraceutical activities, we purchase certain important ingredients and raw materials from third-party suppliers and, in certain cases, we engage contract manufacturers to supply us with finished products. Part of our strategy is to enter into and maintain arrangements with third parties related to the development, testing, production, packaging, and commercialization of our products to our customers which are then responsible for the marketing and distribution of the products. Our revenues are dependent to a great extent on the successful efforts of these third parties. Entering into strategic relationships can be a complex process and our interests and the interests of our partners may not be or remain aligned with our interests. 
 Real or perceived quality control problems with raw materials outsourced from certain regions or finished products manufactured by contract manufacturers could negatively impact consumer confidence in our products or expose us to liability. In addition, disruption in the operations of any such supplier or manufacturer or material increases in the price of raw materials, for any reason, such as changes in economic and political conditions, tariffs, trade disputes, regulatory requirements, import restrictions, loss of certifications, power interruptions, fires, hurricanes, drought or other climate-related events, war, or other events, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Also, currency fluctuations could result in higher costs for raw materials purchased abroad. 
 The Company and any third-party manufacturers engaged by the Company to perform manufacturing services are subject to laws and regulations, including current Good Manufacturing Practices regulations cGMP ), which are enforced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, and other regulatory authorities. The Company and its third-party manufacturers may be unable to comply with cGMP or other regulatory requirements. A failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines, product recalls or seizures and related publicity requirements, injunctions, total or partial suspension of production, civil penalties, warning or untitled letters, import or export bans or restrictions and criminal prosecution and penalties. Any of these penalties could delay or prevent the promotion, marketing, or sale of the Company s products. If the safety of any products manufactured by or supplied to the Company is compromised due to the manufacturer s failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, the Company may not be able to successfully sell its products and our business, financial condition and operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 Some of our current and future partners may decide to compete with us, refuse or be unable to fulfill or honor their contractual obligations to us, or change their plans to reduce their commitment to, or even abandon, their relationships with us. There can be no assurance that our partners will market our products successfully or that any such third-party collaboration will be on favorable terms. We may not be able to control the amount and timing of resources our partners devote to our potential products. In addition, we may incur liabilities relating to the distribution and commercialization of our products. While the agreements with such customers generally include customary indemnification provisions indemnifying us for liabilities relating to third-party manufacturing or packaging of our potential products, there can be no assurance that these indemnification rights will be sufficient in amount, scope or duration to fully offset the potential liabilities associated with our potential products. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our products may be subject to recalls for a variety of reasons, which could require us to expend significant management and capital resources. 
 Manufacturers and distributors of products are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such as contamination, adulteration, unintended harmful side effects, or interactions with other substances, packaging safety, and inadequate or inaccurate labeling disclosure. If any of the products produced by or for us are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we could be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. As a result of any such recall, our sales may be significantly affected and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable margin or at all. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention or damage our reputation and goodwill or that of our products or brands. 
 Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies and authorities, requiring further management attention, increased compliance costs and potential legal fees, fines, penalties and other expenses. 
 We may not meet timelines for project development. 
 The Company s business is dependent on a number of key inputs and their related costs including raw materials and supplies related to its operations, as well as electricity, water and other utilities. Any significant interruption or negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain for key inputs could materially impact the business, financial condition operating results, and timelines for project development of the Company. Any inability to secure required supplies and services or to do so on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on the business, financial condition, operating results, and timelines for project development of the Company. 
 20 

Product contamination or tampering or issues or concerns with respect to product quality, safety and integrity could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Product contamination or tampering, or allegations of product contamination or tampering or product quality issues (whether or not valid) with respect to products in our portfolio may reduce demand for such products, and cause production and delivery disruptions or increase costs, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. Moreover, even if allegations of product contamination or tampering or suggestions that our products were not fit for consumption or use are meritless, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against us or products in our portfolio or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands. Our business could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in product quality, safety and integrity generally, even if such loss of confidence is unrelated to products in our portfolio. 
 Any of the foregoing could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, if we do not have adequate insurance, if we do not have enforceable indemnification from suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, joint venture partners or other third parties or if indemnification is not available, the liability relating to such product claims or disruption as a result of recall efforts could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We may have difficulty obtaining insurance to cover its operational risks and, even where available, may not be sufficient to cover losses we may incur. 
 We may have difficulty obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate its business, which may expose the Company to additional risk and financial liability. Insurance that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officers insurance, may be more difficult to find, and more expensive, because of the regulatory regime applicable to our industry. There are no guarantees that the Company will be able to find such insurance coverage in the future, or that the cost will be affordable. If the Company is unable to obtain insurance coverage on acceptable terms, it may prevent it from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit growth, and may expose the Company to additional risks and financial liabilities. 
 Moreover, our current and expected business activities expose us to the risk of liabilities arising from our operations. For example, we may be liable for claims brought by users of our products or by employees, customers or other third parties for personal injury or property damage occurring in the course of our operations. We seek to minimize these risks through various insurance contracts from third-party insurance carriers. However, our insurance coverage is subject to large individual claim deductibles, individual claim and aggregate policy limits, and other terms and conditions. We retain an insurance risk for the deductible portion of each claim and for any gaps in insurance coverage. We do not view insurance, by itself, as a material mitigant to these business risks. 
 We cannot assure that our insurance will be sufficient to cover our losses. Any losses that insurance does not substantially cover could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The insurance industry has become more selective in offering some types of insurance, such as product liability, product recall, property and directors and officers liability insurance. Our current insurance program is consistent with both our past level of coverage and our risk management policies. However, we cannot assure that we will be able to obtain comparable insurance coverage on favorable terms, or at all, in the future. 
 Risks Relating to Our Accounting and Financial Activities 
 Although our consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, our management believe that our recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations and other factors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as of March 31, 2023. 
 Our consolidated financial statements for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 were prepared on a going concern basis, which presumes that the Company will continue realizing its assets and discharging its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. Thus, our consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Our recurring losses, negative cash flow, need for additional financing and the uncertainties surrounding our ability to raise such financing, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 88.8 million and negative cash flows from operations of 28.6 million, and had an accumulated deficit of 383.6 million as at March 31, 2023. Our lack of cash resources and our potential inability to continue as a going concern may materially adversely affect our share price and our ability to raise new capital, enter into critical contractual relations with third parties, meet our obligations as they become due and otherwise execute our business strategy. The Company currently has no committed sources of financing available. If we are unable to raise additional financing and increase sales or reduce expenses, we will be unable to continue to fund our operations, develop our products, realize value from our assets, or discharge our liabilities in the normal course of business. If we become unable to continue as a going concern, we could have to liquidate our assets, and potentially realize significantly less than the values at which they are carried on our financial statements, and shareholders could lose all or part of their investment in our Common Shares. 
 We have recorded significant long-lived asset impairment charges and may be required to record additional charges to future earnings if our long-lived assets become impaired. 
 As of March 31, 2023, our goodwill balance was 2.4 million and our intangible asset balance was 1.6 million, which represented 7.8 and 5.2 respectively of total consolidated assets. The Company recorded an impairment loss of 19.5 million for goodwill and 18.0 million for intangibles in the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023. We are required to review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets and/or goodwill may not be recoverable include a decline in share price and market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or our own operations, and/or other materially adverse events that have implications on the profitability of our business or business verticals. 
 In addition, the Company announced that it had entered into a binding agreement for the sale of its Canadian cannabis business, including the Sherbrooke building, for C 5.15 million to be paid to the Company in cash, which transaction closed on November 9, 2022. The Company recorded a loss on remeasurement of the assets to fair value less cost of sale in the amount of 15.3 million in the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023. 
 We may be required to record additional charges during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets is determined which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and may not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. 
 In some cases, we cannot determine with any certainty whether we have priority of invention in relation to any new product or new process covered by a patent application or if we were the first to file a patent application for any such new invention. Furthermore, in the event of patent litigation there can be no assurance that our patents would be held valid or enforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction or that a court would rule that the competitor s products or technologies constitute patent infringement. 
 21 

Moreover, part of our technological know-how constitutes trade secrets. We require that our employees, consultants, advisers and collaborators sign confidentiality agreements. However, these agreements may not provide adequate protection in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. 
 Claims that our technology or products infringe on intellectual property rights of others could be costly to defend or settle, could cause reputational injury and would divert the attention of our management and key personnel, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any adverse outcome of such litigation or settlement of such a dispute could subject us to significant liabilities, could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put one or more of our pending patent applications at risk of not issuing, or could facilitate the entry of generic products. Any such litigation could also divert our research, technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. 
 Risks Relating to Our Liquidity 
 We are actively managing our liquidity and expenses, including by extending payables due and reducing investment in our businesses, and it is not certain that we will be ultimately successful in developing our business and remaining a going concern. 
 As of the date of this Annual Report, we are actively managing our liquidity and expenses, and there is substantial doubt that our current cash position will be sufficient to continue as a going concern. The Company currently has minimal available cash balances, and we are also continuing to incur expenses that will cause us to expend cash in the short term. Payables are now in excess of available cash balances and payments of payables are not being made as the amounts become due. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have approximately 1.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, which is expected to be sufficient to operate the business for less than 1 month under the current business plan. The Company requires funding in the very near term in order to continue its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain funding in the near-term, it may have to cease operations and liquidate its assets. We have no arranged sources of financing available to us. Our failure to obtain any required additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are pursuing several cash generating transactions, including the strategic plan described herein, as well as further expense reduction measures, but there can be no assurance that any transaction will be completed or that our expense reduction measures will be sufficient to continue as a going concern. 
 As a result of our failure to timely file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we are currently ineligible to file new short form registration statements on Form S-3, which may impair our ability to raise capital on terms favorable to us, in a timely manner or at all. 
 Form S-3 permits eligible issuers to conduct registered offerings using a short form registration statement that allows the issuer to incorporate by reference its past and future filings and reports made under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). In addition, Form S-3 enables eligible issuers to conduct primary offerings off the shelf under Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The shelf registration process, combined with the ability to forward incorporate information, allows issuers to avoid delays and interruptions in the offering process and to access the capital markets in a more expeditious and efficient manner than raising capital in a standard registered offering pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1. The ability to register securities for resale may also be limited as a result of the loss of Form S-3 eligibility. 
 As a result of our failure to timely file our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022, we are currently ineligible to file new short form registration statements on Form S-3 and, absent a waiver of the Form S-3 eligibility requirements, we will no longer be permitted to use our existing registration statement on Form S-3. As a consequence, we might not be permitted to sell all of the amount of securities we could otherwise sell prior to such time, subject to the limits of General Instruction I.B.6. of Form S-3, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. 
 Our inability to use Form S-3 may significantly impair our ability to raise necessary capital to run our operations and execute on our strategy. If we seek to access the capital markets through a registered offering during the period of time that we are unable to use Form S-3, we may be required to publicly disclose the proposed offering and the material terms thereof before the offering commences, we may experience delays in the offering process due to SEC review of a Form S-1 registration statement and we may incur increased offering and transaction costs and other considerations. Disclosing a public offering prior to the formal commencement of an offering may result in downward pressure on our share price. If we are unable to raise capital through a registered offering, we would be required to conduct our equity financing transactions on a private placement basis, which may be subject to pricing, size and other limitations imposed under Nasdaq rules, or seek other sources of capital. 
 We may have difficulty accessing public and private capital and banking services, which could negatively impact its ability to finance its operations. 
 The Company anticipates that funding sources may be available pursuant to private and public offerings of equity and/or debt and bank lending. However, if equity and/or debt financing was not available in the public capital markets, then the Company expects that it would have access to raise equity and/or debt financing privately. There can be no assurance that additional financing, if raised privately or publicly, will be available to the Company when needed or on terms which are acceptable, or that the Company s existing indebtedness would not impact its ability to obtain such additional financing. The Company s inability to raise financing to fund capital expenditures or acquisitions could limit its growth and may have a material adverse effect upon future profitability. If the Company cannot achieve profitability, it may be forced to cease operations and you may suffer a total loss of your investment. 
 The issuance and sale of common shares upon exercise of outstanding warrants may cause substantial dilution to existing shareholders and may also depress the market price of our common shares. Outstanding warrants to purchase shares of our common stock have cashless exercise rights. 
 As at March 31, 2023, the Company had a total of 12,197,665 warrants outstanding, representing 101.7 of the common shares issued at that date. If the holders of the warrants choose to exercise the warrants, it will cause substantial dilution to the holders of our common shares. If exercises of the warrants and sales of such shares issuable upon exercise thereof take place, the price of our common shares may decline. In addition, the common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants may represent overhang that may also adversely affect the market price of our common shares. Overhang occurs when there is a greater supply of a company s stock in the market than there is demand for that stock. When this happens the price of our common shares may decrease, and any additional shares which shareholders attempt to sell in the market will only further decrease the share price. If the share volume of our common shares cannot absorb shares sold by the warrant holders, then the value of our common shares will likely decrease. 
 Certain of the warrants discussed above allow for cashless exercise rights. In a cashless exercise , the holder reduces the number of shares of common shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants in amount equal to the aggregate value of the exercise price of the exercised warrants. For example, if our common shares were trading at 10 per share and a holder desires to exercise warrants to purchase 100 common shares with an exercise price of 1.00 per share on a cashless basis, the number of common shares issuable to the holder upon such exercise would be reduced by 10 shares, equal in value to 100 10 per share x 10 shares), and the holder would receive 90 common shares upon such exercise. We do not receive any cash upon a cashless exercise and as such, while a cashless exercise reduces the dilution which would otherwise exist upon a warrant exercise, it is also not as beneficial to us, as it does not bring in any new investment proceeds. Additionally, holders of warrants with cashless exercise provisions may be more likely to exercise their warrants as they do not have to come out of pocket with any cash exercise payments. 
 22 

Legal and Regulatory Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. This may adversely affect the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements and, if we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, it could impact our reputation, business, and the price of our common shares, as well as lead to a loss of investor confidence in us. 
 The Company has and may continue to fail to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls over financial reporting as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, and the Company cannot ensure that it will conclude on an ongoing basis that it has effective internal controls over financial reporting. The Company s failure to satisfy the requirements of Canadian and United States legislation on an ongoing, timely basis could result in the loss of investor confidence in the reliability of its financial statements or in a cease trade order, which in turn could harm the Company s business and negatively impact the trading price and market value of its shares or other securities. In addition, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm the Company s operating results or cause it to fail to meet its reporting obligations. 
 The Company also has and may continue to fail to maintain the adequacy of its disclosure controls. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed with securities regulatory agencies is recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis and is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 No evaluation can provide complete assurance that the Company s financial and disclosure controls will detect or uncover all failures of persons within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be reported. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to the reliability of financial reporting and financial statement preparation. The effectiveness of the Company s controls and procedures could also be limited by simple errors or faulty judgements. 
 Material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting were determined to exist at March 31, 2023 and these material weaknesses have not been remediated to date. The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023 due to the presence of these material weaknesses. While we intend to adopt new and revised controls to remediate these weaknesses, if these and other controls fail to adequately remediate these material weaknesses, it could result loss of investor confidence, which could lead to a decline in our share price. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes, and controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our share price and harm our ability to raise capital. Failure to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis could also jeopardize our continued listing on Nasdaq or any other exchange on which our common shares may be listed. 
 As a non-accelerated filer, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 We are a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange Act and we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Therefore, our internal controls over financial reporting will not receive the level of review provided by the process relating to the auditor attestation included in annual reports of issuers that are subject to the auditor attestation requirements. In addition, we cannot predict if investors will find our common shares less attractive because we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements. If some investors find our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and trading price for our common shares may be negatively affected. 
 The Company may be classified as a passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which would subject U.S. investors that hold the Company s Common Shares to potentially significant adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. 
 If the Company is classified as a passive foreign investment company PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in any taxable year, U.S. investors holding the Company s Common Shares generally will be subject, in that taxable year and all subsequent taxable years (whether or not the Company continued to be a PFIC), to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. The Company will be classified as a PFIC in respect of any taxable year in which, after taking into account its income and gross assets (including the income and assets of 25 or more owned subsidiaries), either (i) 75 or more of its gross income consists of certain types of passive income or (ii) 50 or more of the average quarterly value of its assets is attributable to passive assets (assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income). Based on our current operations, income, assets and certain estimates and projections, including as to the relative values of our assets, including goodwill, which is based on the expected price of our Common Shares, the Company believes that it was not a PFIC for the taxable year ended March 31, 2022. The determination of the Company s status as a PFIC for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023 cannot be made at this time. Because the Company s PFIC status must be determined annually with respect to each taxable year and will depend on the composition and character of the Company s assets and income, including the Company s use of proceeds from offerings, and the value of the Company s assets (which may be determined, in part, by reference to the market value of Common Shares, which may be volatile) over the course of such taxable year, the Company may be a PFIC in any taxable year. Because there are uncertainties in the application of the relevant rules and PFIC status is a factual determination made annually after the close of each taxable year, there can be no assurance that the Company will not be a PFIC for any future taxable year. In addition, it is possible that the U.S. Internal Revenue Service may challenge the Company s classification of certain income and assets as non-passive, which may result in the Company being or becoming a PFIC in the current or subsequent years. 
 If the Company is a PFIC for any year during a U.S. Holder s (as defined below in Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations holding period, then such U.S. Holder generally will be required to treat any gain realized upon a disposition of Common Shares, or any excess distribution received on its Common Shares, as ordinary income, and to pay an interest charge on a portion of such gain or distribution, unless the U.S. Holder makes a timely and effective qualified electing fund election QEF Election or a mark-to-market election with respect to its Common Shares. A U.S. Holder who makes a QEF Election generally must report on a current basis its share of the Company s net capital gain and ordinary earnings for any year in which the Company is a PFIC, whether or not the Company distributes any amounts to its shareholders. However, U.S. Holders should be aware that if the Company determines that it is a PFIC for this year or any future taxable year, the Company can make no assurances that it would provide the information necessary for U.S. Holders to make a QEF Election. Thus, U.S. Holders may not be able to make a QEF Election with respect to their Common Shares. A U.S. Holder who makes a mark-to-market election generally must include as ordinary income each year the excess of the fair market value of the Common Shares over the taxpayer s basis therein. Each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisors regarding the PFIC rules and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, and disposition of Common Shares. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations and guidelines, changes in which could increase our costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations affecting our operations in a number of areas. These laws and regulations affect the Company s activities in areas including, but not limited to, organic food and beverage products, dietary supplements, consumer protection, labor, intellectual property ownership and infringement, import and export requirements, and environmental, health and safety. 
 23 

The successful execution of our business objectives is contingent upon compliance with all applicable laws and regulatory requirements and obtaining all other required regulatory approvals, which may be onerous and expensive. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation and the expansion of the Company s business, could individually or in the aggregate make the Company s products and services less attractive to our customers, delay the introduction of new products, or cause the Company to implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. There can be no assurance that the Company s officers, directors, employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 
 We are subject to risks inherent to the nutraceutical industry. 
 We are heavily dependent on the export of products to the United States. The FDA is able to block the import entry of any product that violates or appears to violate U.S. law. Future changes in U.S. requirements and interpretations of those requirements, coupled with FDA s authority to block import entry based only on an apparent violation of the law, increases the possibility that our products may not have full access to the U.S. market and poses additional risks to our business. 
 We are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. 
 The Company will be subject to a variety of laws and regulations in Canada and in the United States that involve money laundering, financial recordkeeping and proceeds of crime, including the U.S. Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (commonly known as the Bank Secrecy Act), as amended by Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act), the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada), the Criminal Code (Canada), as amended and the rules and regulations thereunder, and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by governmental authorities in the United States and Canada. 
 If any of the Company s investments, or any proceeds thereof, any dividends or distributions therefrom, or any profits or revenues accruing from such investments in the United States or Canada were found to be in violation of money laundering legislation or otherwise, such transactions may be viewed as proceeds of crime under one or more of the statutes noted above or any other applicable legislation. This could restrict or otherwise jeopardize the ability of the Company to declare or pay dividends, effect other distributions or subsequently repatriate such funds back to Canada. Furthermore, while the Company has no current intention to declare or pay dividends on its Common Shares in the foreseeable future, We may decide or be required to suspend declaring or paying dividends without advance notice and for an indefinite period of time. 
 Our inability to maintain our regulatory approvals and permits or failure to comply with applicable regulations could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 The Company is required to obtain and maintain certain federal and state permits, licenses and approvals in the jurisdictions where its products are manufactured and/or sold and to comply with extensive regulations governing its business, including FDA regulations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain or maintain necessary licenses, permits or approvals or continue to comply with applicable regulations. Any material delay or inability to receive these items is likely to delay and/or inhibit the Company s ability to conduct its business, and would have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are currently, and may in the future be, subject to substantial litigation, investigations and proceedings that could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and result in harm to our business. 
 We and our subsidiaries are subject to federal, state, local, foreign and provincial health, safety, and labeling laws and regulations, including but not limited to the federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and regulations promulgated by the FDA; laws and regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Agriculture; the National Organic Program; and state, local, foreign, and provincial law equivalents. In addition, the California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (Proposition 65) and implementing regulations impose testing and warning requirements for products containing any chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and/or reproductive toxicity. Product recall laws and regulations also apply to our products. 
 The failure by us to comply with applicable health, safety, and labeling requirements could result in fines, penalties, injunctions, product recalls, enforcement actions, third-party claims for property damage and personal injury, regulatory or judicial orders requiring corrective measures, and attorneys fees associated with prosecuting such actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We rely on contract manufacturers to produce products in compliance with applicable health, safety, and labeling requirements. Further, as with any consumer-facing company selling food or nutraceutical products, there is always a chance of microbial contamination even under the most stringent manufacturing practices; thus, the risk of fines, penalties, injunctions, product recalls, enforcement actions, third-party claims for property damage and personal injury, regulatory or judicial orders requiring corrective measures, and attorneys fees associated with prosecuting such actions is heightened where the company is not actively involved in the manufacturing practices. 
 On February 4, 2021, the United States House of Representatives Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy, Committee on Oversight and Reform Subcommittee ), published a report, Baby Foods Are Tainted with Dangerous Levels of Arsenic, Lead, Cadmium, and Mercury (the Report ), which stated that, with respect to Sprout, a company in which Neptune acquired a 50.1 stake, Independent testing of Sprout Organic Foods has confirmed that their baby foods contain concerning levels of toxic heavy metals. The Report further stated that after receiving reports alleging high levels of toxic metals in baby foods, the Subcommittee requested information from Sprout but did not receive a response. On February 11, 2021, the Subcommittee contacted Sprout, reiterating its requests for documents and information about toxic heavy metals in Sprout s baby foods. 
 Sprout provided an initial response to the Subcommittee on February 25, 2021. The pending inquiries and potential findings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 On March 16, 2021, a purported class action, captioned Marvin Gong v. Neptune Wellness Solutions, et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company and certain of its current and former officers. On October 21, 2022, the Company announced that it had agreed to settle and resolve the lawsuit for a gross payment to the class of between 4 and 4.25 million, with the exact amount being within the Company s control and dependent on the type of consideration used. The settlement was subject to court approval and certification by the court of the class. On March 16, 2023, the settlement offer was accepted and the first payment in the amount of 500,000 was paid on March 22, 2023. Two additional payments of 500,000 each were subsequently made. The court has set a final approval hearing on July 28, 2023. Neptune intends to pay the balance of the settlement in securities worth 2,750,000 within 31 days after the Final Approval Order is entered. 
 24 

We also are subject to federal, state, local, foreign and provincial laws, rules and regulations concerning advertising and marketing, including but not limited to those prohibiting unfair, deceptive, and/or abusive trade practices. Violations of advertising and marketing requirements can result in fines, penalties, injunctions, disgorgement of profits, full restitution for injury suffered by consumers, rescission of contracts, enforcement actions, regulatory or judicial orders requiring corrective measures, and attorneys fees associated with prosecuting such actions. 
 Accordingly, we are exposed to potential liabilities and reputational risk associated with litigation, regulatory proceedings and government investigations and enforcement actions for the failure of us to comply with applicable health, safety, and labeling requirements and advertising and marketing requirements. Any adverse judgment in or settlement of any pending or any future litigation or investigation could result in payments, fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and which may not be covered by insurance. Regardless of the merits of the claims and the outcome, legal proceedings have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant legal fees and expenses as well as diversion of management s and employee time and other resources, and adverse publicity. Such proceedings could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If the Company is unsuccessful in its defense of material litigation claims or is unable to settle the claims, We may be faced with significant monetary damage awards or other remedies against it including injunctive relief that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Administrative or regulatory actions against the Company or its employees could also have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information on our pending legal proceedings, see Legal Proceedings. 
 Risks Relating to Our Human Resources 
 We may be unable to attract or retain key personnel, and we may be unable to attract, develop and retain additional employees required for our development and future success. 
 Our success is largely dependent on the performance of our management team and certain employees and our continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees. Qualified individuals are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. The loss of the services of any key personnel, or an inability to attract other suitably qualified persons when needed, could prevent us from executing on our business plan and strategy, and we may be unable to find adequate replacements on a timely basis, or at all. We do not currently maintain key-person insurance on the lives of any of our key personnel. 
 We face exposure to fraudulent or illegal activity by officers, directors, employees, contractors, consultants and agents, which may subject us to investigations and actions. 
 We are exposed to the risk that any of our officers, directors, employees, independent contractors and consultants and our subsidiaries may engage in fraudulent or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violate (i) government regulations, (ii) manufacturing standards, (iii) federal, state, local, and foreign healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations, or (iv) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data. It may not always be possible for us to identify and deter misconduct by our officers, directors, employees and other third parties, and the precautions taken by us to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls and compliance systems will protect us from acts committed by our officers, directors, employees, agents or business partners in violation of U.S. or Canadian federal, provincial or state or local laws. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending or asserting our rights, those actions could have a material impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects. 
 Risks Relating to Our Information Technology 
 We must successfully maintain and/or upgrade our information technology systems, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We rely on various information technology systems to manage our operations. Over the last several years, we have implemented, and we continue to implement, modifications and upgrades to such systems, including changes to legacy systems, replacing legacy systems with successor systems with new functionality, and acquiring new systems with new functionality. These types of activities subject us to inherent costs and risks associated with replacing and changing these systems, including impairment of our ability to fulfill customer orders, potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, retention of sufficiently skilled personnel to implement and operate the new systems, demands on management time and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to or integrating new systems into our current systems. These implementations, modifications, and upgrades may not result in productivity improvements at a level that outweighs the costs of implementation, or at all. In addition, the difficulties with implementing new technology systems may cause disruptions in our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 We may be exposed to risks and costs associated with security breaches, data loss, credit card fraud and identity theft that could cause us to incur unexpected expenses and loss of revenue as well as other risks. 
 The Company s operations are increasingly dependent on IT systems and the management of information; thus, the protection of customers, employees, suppliers and other business data is critical. A portion of our sales require the collection of certain customer data, such as credit card information. In order for our sales channel to function, we and other parties involved in processing customer transactions must be able to transmit confidential information, including credit card information, securely over public networks. The use of credit payment systems makes us more susceptible to a risk of loss, particularly with respect to an external security breach of customer information controlled by us, or by third parties under arrangements with us (including those with whom we have strategic alliances). Despite of all efforts, the Company experienced a cyber-attack in July 2021 as a consequence of increased digital interactions with customers, suppliers and consumers, and changes in ways of working of our employees and these external stakeholders due to the COVID-19 outbreak. Also, we are particularly reliant on service providers and thus the impact of COVID-19 on their operations also imposed a risk for us. Cyber-attacks will continue to impose threats to our operations. 
 In addition, federal, state, provincial and international laws and regulations govern the collection, retention, sharing, and security of data that we manage. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy has been increasingly demanding in recent years and may see the imposition of new and additional requirements by provincial, state, and federal governments as well as foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. Compliance with these requirements may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes and the development of new processes to meet these requirements by us. 
 25 

In the event of a security breach, theft, leakage, accidental release or other illegal activity with respect to employees, customers, suppliers or other company data, we could become subject to various claims, including those arising out of thefts and fraudulent transactions, and may also result in the suspension of credit card services. This could cause consumers to lose confidence in our security measures, harm our reputation as well as divert management attention, and expose us to potentially unreserved claims and litigation. Any loss in connection with these types of claims could be substantial. If our electronic payment systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. In addition, we are reliant on these systems, not only to protect the security of the information stored, but also to appropriately track and record data. Any failures or inadequacies in these systems could expose us to significant unreserved losses, which could materially and adversely affect our earnings and the market price of securities. Our brand reputation would likely be damaged as well. 
 Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 
 Our commercial success depends, in part, on our intellectual property rights and a failure by us to protect our intellectual property may have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop and commercialize our products. 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to develop products, obtain patents, protect our trade secrets and operate without infringing third-party exclusive rights or without others infringing our exclusive rights or those granted to us under license. The patent position of a corporation is generally uncertain and involves complex legal, factual and scientific issues, several of which remain unresolved. We do not know whether we will be able to develop other patentable proprietary technology and/or products. Furthermore, we cannot be completely certain that our future patents, if any, will provide a definitive and competitive advantage or afford protection against competitors with similar technology. Furthermore, we cannot give any assurance that such patents will not be challenged or circumvented by others using alternative technology or whether existing third-party patents will prevent us from marketing our products. In addition, competitors or potential competitors may independently develop, or have independently developed products as effective as ours or invent or have invented other products based on our patented products. 
 If third-party licenses are required, we may not be able to obtain them, or if obtainable, they may not be available on reasonable terms. Furthermore, we could develop or obtain alternative technologies related to third-party patents that may inadvertently cover their products. Inability to obtain such licenses or alternative technologies could delay the market launch of certain of our products, or even prevent us from developing, manufacturing or selling certain products. In addition, we could incur significant costs in defending ourselves in patent infringement proceedings initiated against us or in bringing infringement proceedings against others. 
 Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Shares 
 We do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our Common Shares in the foreseeable future. 
 We have never paid any cash dividends on our Common Shares. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Shares in the foreseeable future because, among other reasons, we currently intend to retain any future earnings to finance our business. The future payment of cash dividends will be dependent on factors such as cash on hand and achieving profitability, the financial requirements to fund growth, our general financial condition and other factors our board of directors may consider appropriate in the circumstances. Until we pay cash dividends, which we may never do, our shareholders will not be able to receive a return on their Common Shares unless they sell them. 
 If there is insufficient liquidity in our Common Shares, it could adversely affect your Shareholders' ability to sell shares. 
 Shareholders of the Company may be unable to sell significant quantities of Common Shares into the public trading markets without a significant reduction in the price of their Common Shares, or at all. There can be no assurance that there will be sufficient liquidity of the Common Shares on the trading market, and that the Company will continue to meet the listing requirements of the Nasdaq or achieve listing on any other public stock exchange. There can be no assurance that an active and liquid market for the Common Shares will be maintained and an investor may find it difficult to resell Common Shares. 
 U.S. investors may be unable to enforce certain judgments against us in Canada. 
 Neptune is a corporation existing under the Business Corporations Act (Qu bec). A number of our directors and officers are residents of Canada or other jurisdictions outside of the United States, and substantially all of our assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be difficult to effect service within the United States upon the Company or upon its directors and officers. Execution by United States courts of any judgment obtained against the Company or any of the Company s directors or officers in United States courts may be limited to the assets of such companies or such persons, as the case may be, located in the United States. It may also be difficult for holders of securities who reside in the United States to realize in the United States upon judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon civil liability and the civil liability of the Company s directors and executive officers under the U.S. federal securities laws. The Company has been advised that a judgment of a U.S. court predicated solely upon civil liability under United States federal securities laws or the securities or blue sky laws of any state within the United States, would likely be enforceable in Canada if the United States court in which the judgment was obtained has a basis for jurisdiction in the matter that would be recognized by a Canadian court for the same purposes. However, there may be doubt as to the enforceability in Canada against these non-U.S. entities or their controlling persons, directors and officers who are not residents of the United States, in original actions or in actions for enforcement of judgments of courts of the United States, of liabilities predicated solely upon U.S. federal or state securities laws. 
 Certain Canadian laws could delay or deter a change of control. 
 The Investment Canada Act (Canada) subjects an acquisition of control of a corporation by a non-Canadian to government review if the value of the assets as calculated pursuant to the legislation exceeds a threshold amount. 
 A reviewable acquisition may not proceed unless the relevant minister is satisfied that the investment is likely to be a net benefit to Canada. Any of the foregoing could prevent or delay a change of control and may deprive or limit strategic opportunities for our shareholders to sell their shares. 
 Our failure to meet the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in a de-listing of our Common Shares. 
 If we fail to continue to satisfy the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, such as the corporate governance requirements or the minimum closing bid price requirement, Nasdaq will take steps to de-list our Common Shares. The per share price of our Common Shares has declined below the minimum bid price threshold required for continued listing. Such a de-listing would likely have a negative effect on the price of our Common Shares and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our Common Shares when you wish to do so, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and obtain additional financing in the future. 
 26 

On December 29, 2022, we received a deficiency notice from Nasdaq (the Deficiency Notice informing us that our Common Shares have failed to comply with the 1.00 minimum bid price required for continued listing under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) Rule 5550(a)(2) based upon the closing bid price of our Common Shares for the 30 consecutive business days prior to the date of the Deficiency Notice. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were given 180 calendar days from December 29, 2022, or until June 27, 2023, to regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2). On June 27, 2023, the Company filed for an extension to this deadline and the Nasdaq has determined that the Company is eligible for an additional 180 calendar day period, or until December 26, 2023, to regain compliance. If at any time before December 26, 2023, the bid price of our Common Shares closes at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days, the Nasdaq will provide written confirmation that we have regained compliance. 
 Our common shares may be de-listed if we do not regain compliance with Rule 5550(a)(2) by June 27, 2023 and our shareholders could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 Limited availability or market quotations for our common shares; 

Reduced liquidity of our common shares; 

Determination that our common shared are penny stock , which would require brokers trading in our common shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common shares; 

Limited amount of news an analysts coverage of us; and 

Decreased ability for us to issue additional equity securities or obtain additional equity or debt financing in the future. 

In the event of a de-listing, however, we would take actions to restore our compliance with Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, but we can provide no assurances that the listing of our Common Shares would be restored, that our Common Shares will remain above the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or that we otherwise will remain in compliance with the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. 
 Our shareholders may be subject to dilution resulting from future offerings of Common Shares by us. 
 We may raise additional funds in the future by issuing Common Shares or equity-linked securities. Holders of our securities have no preemptive rights in connection with such further issuances. Our board of directors has the discretion to determine if an issuance of our capital stock is warranted, the price at which such issuance is to be affected and the other terms of any future issuance of capital stock. In addition, additional common shares will be issued by us in connection with the exercise of warrants, options or grant of other equity awards granted by us. Additional common shares are also expected to be issued in settlement of a legal case, as discussed under Item 3 of Part I of this Form 10-K Legal Proceedings ). Such additional equity issuances could, depending on the price at which such securities are issued, substantially dilute the interests of the holders of our existing securities. 
 Our constating documents permit us to issue an unlimited amount of additional Common Shares or Preferred Shares, which may prevent a third-party takeover or cause our shareholders to experience dilution in the future. 
 Our constating documents authorize us to issue an unlimited number of Common Shares and an unlimited number of preferred shares Preferred Shares ). Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue additional Common Shares and Preferred Shares and to determine the special rights and restrictions of the shares of one or more series of our Preferred Shares, each without consent of our shareholders. The issuance of any such securities may result in a reduction of the book value or market price of our Common Shares. Given the fact that we operate in a capital-intensive industry with significant working capital requirements, we may be required to issue additional Common Shares or other securities that are dilutive to existing shareholders in the future in order to continue our operations, which may result in dilution to existing shareholders. Further, any such issuances could result in a change of control or a reduction in the market price for our Common Shares. Additionally, the rights of the holders of Common Shares will be subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any Preferred Shares that may be issued in the future. For example, Preferred Shares typically rank senior to Common Shares as to dividend rights, liquidation preference or both and may be convertible into Common Shares. Lastly, our ability to issue Preferred Shares could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting shares, particularly in the event we issue Preferred Shares with special voting rights, the effect of which may be to deprive our shareholders of a control premium that might otherwise be realized in connection with an acquisition of us. 
 Because the Company is a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of certain scaled disclosures available to us, resulting in holders of our securities receiving less Company information than they would receive from a public company that is not a smaller reporting company. 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined in the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies and will be able to take advantage of these scaled disclosures for so long as (i) our common shares held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenue is less than 100 million during the most recently completed fiscal year and our common shares held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million measured on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of any reduced disclosure obligations, it may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company s results of operations and financial reports in comparison with other public companies. 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are permitted to comply with scaled-back disclosure obligations in our SEC filings compared to other issuers, including with respect to disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We have elected to adopt the accommodations available to smaller reporting companies. Until we cease to be a smaller reporting company, the scaled-back disclosure in our SEC filings will result in less information about our company being available than for other public companies. 
 If investors consider our common shares less attractive as a result of our election to use the scaled-back disclosure permitted for smaller reporting companies, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and our share price may be more volatile. 
 27 

Any acquisitions, strategic investments, divestures, mergers, or joint ventures we make may require the issuance of a significant amount of equity or debt securities and may not be successful. 
 As part of our business strategy, we expect to selectively pursue strategic acquisitions, as well as additional strategic and other investments such as joint ventures or partnerships, to obtain additional businesses, products and/or technologies, capabilities, and personnel. Acquisitions and other investments present challenges, including geographical coordination, personnel integration and retention of key management personnel, systems integration, the potential disruption of each company s respective ongoing businesses, possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies, unanticipated costs of terminating or relocating facilities and operations, unanticipated expenses relating to such integration, contingent obligations, and the reconciliation of corporate cultures. Those operations could divert management s attention from the business, cause a temporary interruption of or loss of momentum in the business, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The inability to consummate and integrate new acquisitions on advantageous terms, or the failure to achieve a favorable return on our strategic and other investments, could adversely affect our ability to grow and compete effectively. Additionally, if we make one or more acquisitions in which the consideration includes the Company s securities, we may be required to issue a substantial amount of equity, debt, warrants, convertible instruments, or other similar securities. Such an issuance could result in dilution to shareholders or increase our interest expense and other expenses. 
 We have reported negative cash flows from operating activities and may do so in future periods. 
 The Company reported negative cash flow from operating activities of 28.6 million and 54.3 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. The Company has historically and may also continue to have negative cash flow from operating activities until sufficient levels of sales are achieved. The Company cannot guarantee that future positive cash flow from operating activities will be obtained. In addition, negative cash flows may continue longer than the Company has planned for which could cause liquidity issues. 
 We may also be unable to obtain borrowings in an amount sufficient to enable them to pay debt or to fund other liquidity needs. If sufficient liquidity is not obtained, We may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of its debt on or before maturity, sell assets or borrow money or issue equity, which may not be possible on terms satisfactory to the Company, or at all. If the Company continues to report negative cash flows from operating activities, or any failure to obtain any required additional financing on favorable terms, or at all, such events could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, and results of operation of the Company. 
 We will not be able to maintain our operations without additional funding. 
 As of March 31, 2023, Neptune had 2.0 million of cash and cash equivalents. We had negative cash flows from operating activities of 28.6 million during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 and 54.3 million during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022. As of the date of this Annual Report, we have approximately 1.3 million in cash and cash equivalents, which is expected to be sufficient to operate the business for less than 1 month under the current business plan. The Company requires funding in the very near term in order to continue its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain funding in the near-term, it may have to cease operations and liquidate its assets. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to obtain future borrowings in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our debt or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we do not have sufficient liquidity, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of our debt on or before maturity, sell assets or borrow more money or issue equity, which we may not be able to do on terms satisfactory to us or at all. In addition, any refinancing could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. We may also try to raise the necessary capital through securities offerings, however these may entail significant downsides, due to limitations on use of registration statements on Form S-3. For more information on our inability to use Form S-3, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial and Capital Management Capital Resources. Such offerings are subject to market conditions and are beyond our control. 
 We are subject to foreign currency fluctuations, which could adversely affect our financial results. 
 We are exposed to the financial risk related to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates and the degrees of volatility of those rates. Currency risk relates to the portion of our business transactions denominated in currencies other than the Canadian dollar. 
 For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, approximately 82 of our revenues were in U.S. dollars, and a most of our expenses, including the purchase of raw materials, were in U.S. dollars. If the value of the United States dollar fluctuates significantly more than expected in the foreign exchange markets, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Catastrophic events outside of our control, including pandemics, may harm our results of operations or damage our facilities. 
 A catastrophic events, or the perception of such events, such as earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, typhoons, fires, power disruptions or other natural or manmade disasters, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, terrorist attacks, wars (such as the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine), riots, civil unrest or other conflicts, or an outbreak of a public health crisis including epidemics, pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), outbreaks of new infectious diseases or viruses, or related events that can result in volatility and disruption to global supply chains, operations, mobility of people, patterns of consumption and service, and the financial markets could disrupt the Company s operations, or those of its material contractors. Such disruptions could impair production or distribution of the Company s potential products, damage inventory or our facilities, interrupt critical functions or otherwise materially adversely affect its business, which could materially harm the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 
 The market price of the Company s Common Shares may be highly volatile. 
 The stock market, from time-to-time, experiences significant price and volume fluctuations unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. Future announcements concerning the Company, its competitors, including those pertaining to financing arrangements, government regulations, developments concerning regulatory actions affecting the Company, litigation, additions or departures of key personnel, cash flow, and economic conditions and political factors in Canada and the United States may have a significant impact on the market price of the Company s Common Shares. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Company s Common Shares will continue to be listed on Nasdaq. 
 The market price of the Company s Common Shares could fluctuate significantly for many other reasons, including for reasons unrelated to the Company s specific performance, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions, or negative announcements by its subscribers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as general economic and industry conditions. For example, to the extent that other large companies within its industry experience declines in their stock price, the share price of the Company s Common Shares may decline as well. In addition, when the market price of a company s shares drops significantly, shareholders often institute securities class action lawsuits against the company. 
 28 

Litigation resulting from these claims could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of management and other key personnel from the Company s business and operations. The complexity of any such claims and the inherent uncertainty of commercial or class action, litigation increases these risks. In recognition of these considerations, the Company could suffer significant litigation expenses in defending any of these claims and enter into settlement agreements. If the Company is unsuccessful in its defense of material litigation claims or is unable to settle the claims, the Company may be faced with significant monetary damage awards or other remedies against it including injunctive relief that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. Administrative or regulatory actions against the Company or its employees could also have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 The following table sets forth the Company's principal physical properties: 

Type 
 Material Properties Location 
 Leased / Owned 

Office 
 Laval, Qu bec 
 Leased 

Office 
 Vaudreuil, Qu bec 
 Leased 

Office / Laboratory 
 Laval, Qu bec 
 Leased 

Office 
 Jupiter, Florida 
 Leased 

Our headquarters is located in leased offices in Laval, Qu bec, where our general and administrative departments primarily operate. We also lease laboratory space in Laval, Quebec where testing and development of many of our products takes place. On December 5, 2022, our U.S. operations opened an office in Jupiter, Florida which serves as the U.S. headquarters. We previously owned a production facility in Sherbrooke, Quebec where we conducted our cannabis operations including laboratory testing. On October 17, 2022, we announced that we had entered into a binding agreement for the sale of our cannabis business, which would include the sale of our cannabis brands and the Sherbrooke building in one or more transactions. The disposition of our cannabis operations occurred on November 9, 2022. We believe the divestment of the cannabis assets will allow us to realize significant cost savings and operational streamlining from redirected resources towards our simplified corporate structure. We also have leased offices in Vaudreuil, Province of Qu bec, Canada, which have been sub-leased to a third-party tenant. 

29 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Company is engaged from time-to-time in various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business. The outcome of such proceedings and claims against the Company is subject to future resolution, including the uncertainties of litigation. Based on information currently known to the Company, the most significant outstanding proceedings and claims are as follows: 
 (i) In September 2020, Neptune submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Peter M. Galloway and PMGSL Holdings, LLC (collectively PMGSL in accordance with the SugarLeaf Asset Purchase Agreement APA dated May 9, 2019 between Neptune, PMGSL, Peter M. Galloway and Neptune Holding USA, Inc. Separately, PMGSL submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Neptune. The Neptune claims and PMGSL claims have been consolidated into a single arbitration and each are related to the purchase by Neptune of substantially all of the assets of the predecessor entities of PMGSL Holdings, LLC. Neptune is claiming, among other things, breach of contract and negligent misrepresentation by PMGSL in connection with the APA and is seeking, among other things, equitable restitution and any and all damages recoverable under law. PMGSL is claiming, among other things, breach of contract by Neptune and is seeking, among other things, payment of certain compensation contemplated by the APA. A merit hearing in the arbitration started in April 2022 with a further week of testimony from August 1-5, 2022. On June 15, 2022, a one-day hearing took place on Neptune's motion to enforce a settlement agreement reached on April 2021 (which was repudiated by PMGSL in June 2021). Following oral argument on July 7, 2022, that motion was denied and a fee award of approximately 68,000 was entered against Neptune. On April 13, 2023, PMGSL filed a lawsuit in Florida Superior Court to collect that fee award. Neptune disputes the Florida Court s jurisdiction in over that action. While Neptune believes there is no merit to the claims brought by PMGSL, a judgment in favor of PMGSL may have a material adverse effect on our business and Neptune intends to continue vigorously defending itself. Based on currently available information, a provision of 0.6 million has been recognized for this case as at March 31, 2023 0.6 million as at March 31, 2022). 

(ii) On March 16, 2021, a purported class action, captioned Marvin Gong v. Neptune Wellness Solutions, et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company and certain of its current and former officers. On October 21, 2022, the Company announced that it had agreed to settle and resolve the lawsuit for a gross payment to the class of between 4 and 4.25 million, with the exact amount being within the Company s control and dependent on the type of consideration used. The settlement was subject to court approval and certification by the court of the class. On March 16, 2023, the settlement offer was accepted and the first payment in the amount of 500,000 was paid on March 22, 2023. Two additional payments of 500,000 each were subsequently made. The court has set a final approval hearing on July 28, 2023. Neptune intends to pay the balance of the settlement in securities worth 2,750,000 within 31 days after the Final Approval Order is entered. 

(iii) On March 21, 2019, the Company received a judgment from the Court regarding certain previously disclosed claims made by a corporation controlled by the former CEO against the Company in respect to certain royalty payments alleged to be owed and owing to the former CEO pursuant to the terms of an agreement entered into on February 23, 2001 between Neptune and the former CEO (the Agreement ). The Court declared that under the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to pay royalties of 1 of its revenues in semi-annual installments, for an unlimited period. Based on currently available information, a provision of 1.0 million for royalty payments has been recognized as of March 31, 2023 0.4 million as at March 31, 2022). Refer to note 7 to our consolidated financial statements. 

(iv) On October 11, 2022, a warehousing company called Carolina Rework Solutions, LLC filed a lawsuit against Neptune Health Wellness Innovation, Inc. for breach of a warehousing contract with damages of 0.2 million plus additional unspecified damages estimated to be in excess of 1.0 million for disposal of hand sanitizer product housed at its warehouse. On May 30, 2023, Carolina Rework Solution, LLC received leave of court to add Neptune Holding USA, Inc. and Neptune Wellness Solutions, Inc. as additional defendants to the claim on a veil-piercing theory. Neptune Holding USA, Inc. and Neptune Wellness Solutions, Inc. intend to deny that the court has jurisdiction over them and deny that veil piercing is appropriate. 

(v) On February 28, 2023, a warehousing company called Freight Connections filed a lawsuit against Neptune Health Wellness Innovation, Inc. for breach of a warehousing contract, breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing, quantum meruit and fraud with damages of 0.3 million plus punitive and consequential damages related to hand sanitizer product at plaintiff s facility. 

(vi) On October 22, 2020, Iron Lab, S.A. de C.V. submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc., Neptune Health Wellness Innovation, Inc. and Biodroga Nutraceuticals Inc., claiming that Neptune and its subsidiaries breached their obligations under a purported agreement with Iron Lab regarding the purchase of hand sanitizer. Neptune and the other respondents dispute the existence of any binding agreements or jurisdiction to hear the arbitration, and have asserted counterclaims based on Iron Lab's delivery of non-conforming product based on Neptune's purchase orders. The parties are currently awaiting an award from the arbitration panel. Based on currently available information, no provision has been recognized for this case as at March 31, 2023. 

(vii) On February 4, 2021, the United States House of Representatives Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy, Committee on Oversight and Reform (the Subcommittee ), published a report, Baby Foods Are Tainted with Dangerous Levels of Arsenic, Lead, Cadmium, and Mercury (the Report ), which stated that, with respect to Sprout, independent testing of Sprout Organic Foods has confirmed that their baby foods contain concerning levels of toxic heavy metals. The Report further stated that after receiving reports alleging high levels of toxic metals in baby foods, the Subcommittee requested information from Sprout but did not receive a response. On February 11, 2021, following the acquisition of a 50.1 stake in Sprout by Neptune, the Subcommittee contacted Sprout, reiterating its requests for documents and information about toxic heavy metals in Sprout s baby foods. Sprout provided an initial response to the Subcommittee on February 25, 2021 and is cooperating with the Subcommittee requests. 

Further, on February 24, 2021, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of New Mexico NMAG delivered to Sprout a civil investigative demand requesting similar documents and information with regards to the Report and the NMAG s investigation into possible violations of the False Advertising Act of New Mexico. Sprout is responding to the requests of the NMAG. 
 Since February 2021, several putative consumer class action lawsuits have been brought against Sprout alleging that its products (the Products contain unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally occurring heavy metals, namely lead, arsenic, cadmium and mercury. Sprout has denied the allegations in these lawsuits and contends that its baby foods are safe and properly labeled. The claims raised in these lawsuits were brought in the wake of the highly publicized Report. All such putative class actions have since been dismissed. No provision has been recorded in the financial statements for these cases. 
 30 

In addition to the consumer class actions discussed above, Sprout is currently named in three lawsuits (filed in California State Court on June 16, 2021, filed in Hawaii State Court on January 9, 2023 and filed in Nevada Federal Court on March 3, 2023, respectively) alleging some form of personal injury from the ingestion of Sprout s Products, purportedly due to unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally occurring heavy metals. These lawsuits generally allege injuries related to neurological development disorders such as autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Sprout denies that its Products contributed to any of these injuries. In addition, the Office of the Attorney General for the District of Columbia OAG sent a letter to Sprout dated October 1, 2021, similar to letters sent to other baby food manufacturers, alleging potential labeling and marketing misrepresentations and omissions regarding the health and safety of its baby food products, constituting an unlawful trade practice. Sprout has agreed to meet with the OAG and will vigorously defend against the allegations. No provision has been recorded in the financial statements for this matter. 
 These matters may have a material adverse effect on Sprout's, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 31 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common shares trade under the symbol NEPT on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 
 The following table sets forth the high and low intraday sales prices per common share as reported on Nasdaq beginning on April 1, 2022 and taking into account the Share Consolidation that took effect on June 13, 2022: 

Period 
 
 Low Trading Price 
 
 High Trading Price 

) 
 
 ) 

Year Ended March 31, 2023 

Fourth Quarter 
 (March 31, 2023) 
 
 0.29 
 
 1.04 

Third Quarter 
 (December 31, 2022) 
 
 0.23 
 
 1.92 

Second Quarter 
 (September 30, 2022) 
 
 1.00 
 
 3.74 

First Quarter 
 (June 30, 2022) 
 
 1.34 
 
 1.41 

Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Fourth Quarter 
 (March 31, 2022) 
 
 7.35 
 
 19.60 

Third Quarter 
 (December 31, 2021) 
 
 12.25 
 
 22.40 

Second Quarter 
 (September 30, 2021) 
 
 19.25 
 
 41.30 

First Quarter 
 (June 30, 2021) 
 
 37.10 
 
 55.30 

As of July 14, 2023, we had 42 shareholders of record based on the records of our transfer agent, which does not include beneficial owners of our common shares whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers, dealers and registered clearing agencies. 
 Dividends 
 We do not anticipate paying any dividend on our Common Shares in the foreseeable future. We presently intend to retain future earnings to finance the expansion and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant. In addition, the terms of any future debt or credit facility may preclude us from paying dividends. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Information about our equity compensation plans, as set forth in this Annual Report under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters , is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 Except as set forth below, since April 20, 2020, we have not sold any securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 
 (1) In March 2023, we issued warrants to purchase common shares of the Company to one accredited investor which permits the investor to purchase an aggregate of 111,111 of our common shares at an exercise price of 0.54. 

(2) In March 2023, we issued to three accredited investors an aggregate of 146,330 of our common shares in connection with loans to Sprout Foods, Inc. 

(3) In January 2023, we issued (i) 71,665 common shares to our financial advisor in connection with our strategic review and (ii) to two accredited investors the January 2023 Warrants, which permits the investors to purchase an aggregate of 850,000 of our common shares at an exercise price of 0.53 per common share. 

(4) In October 2022, we issued to accredited investors the Series E Warrants in the Private Placement, which permits the investors to purchase an aggregate of 6,417,114 of our common shares at an exercise price of 1.62 per common share. 

(5) In July and September 2022, we issued to two accredited investors an aggregate of 409,435 common shares in connection with loans to Sprout Foods, Inc. 

(6) In June 2022 we issued 7,104 common shares to our financial advisor in connection with our proposed divestiture of our Canadian cannabis business. 

(7) In October 2020, we issued 462,963 common shares and 300,926 warrants to purchase common shares at an offering of 75.60 per share to institutional investors. 

Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 32 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements, which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A. 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections. Future filings with the SEC, future press releases and future oral or written statements made by us or with our approval, which are not statements of historical fact, may also contain forward-looking statements. Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements can be found under the caption Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, and elsewhere in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made. 
 All amounts in the tables contained in this MD A are in millions of dollars, except for basic and diluted income (loss) per share which are shown in dollars. 
 GOING CONCERN 
 The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which presumes that the Company will continue realizing its assets and discharging its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. To date, the Company has financed its operations primarily through the public offering and private placement of Common Share units, consisting of Common Shares and warrants, convertible debt, the proceeds from research grants and research tax credits, and the exercises of warrants, rights and options. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 88.8 million and negative cash flows from operations of 28.6 million, and had an accumulated deficit of 383.6 million as at March 31, 2023. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of 84.4 million and negative cash flows from operations of 54.3 million. Furthermore, as at March 31, 2023, the Company s trade and other payables exceed its total current assets. Accordingly, the Company is required to actively manage its liquidity and expenses and payments of payables are not being made as the amounts become due. In addition, the Company defaulted on certain conditions of it's notes subsequent to year end and while the default was subsequently waived (see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements), there is no assurance as to the Company's ability to continue to comply with the terms in fiscal 2024. 
 As of the date the financial statements are authorized for issuance, the cash balance is minimal and expected to be sufficient to operate the business for less than one month. The Company requires funding in the very near term in order to continue its operations. The Company s lack of cash resources and current share price may adversely affect its ability to raise new capital and execute its business strategy. If the Company is unable to obtain funding in the very near-term, it may have to cease operations and liquidate its assets. 
 These conditions cast substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 
 Going forward, the Company will seek additional financing in various forms. To achieve the objectives of its business plan, Neptune plans to raise the necessary funds through additional securities offerings and the establishment of strategic alliances. The ability of the Company to complete the needed financing and ultimately achieve profitable operations is dependent on a number of factors outside of the Company s control and subject to market conditions. The Company s business plan is dependent upon, among other things, its ability to achieve profitability, continue to obtain adequate ongoing debt and/or equity financing to finance operations within and beyond the next twelve months. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the going concern basis not be valid. These adjustments could be material. 

33 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED ANNUAL AND QUARTERLY INFORMATION 
 
 SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 The following table sets out selected consolidated financial information and are prepared in accordance with US GAAP. 

Three-month periods ended 
 Twelve-month periods ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Recasted 

Recasted 

Total revenues 
 
 12.147 
 
 11.532 
 
 52.615 
 
 48.797 

Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 
 (12.963) 
 
 (12.762) 
 
 (39.660) 
 
 (53.258) 

Net loss 
 
 (44.513) 
 
 (36.662) 
 
 (88.803) 
 
 (84.425) 

Net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 (26.566) 
 
 (31.942) 
 
 (60.460) 
 
 (74.972) 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 (17.947) 
 
 (4.720) 
 
 (28.343) 
 
 (9.453) 

Basic and diluted loss per share 
 
 (3.74) 
 
 (7.47) 
 
 (7.52) 
 
 (17.50) 

Basic and diluted loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company 
 
 (2.23) 
 
 (6.51) 
 
 (5.12) 
 
 (15.54) 

As at March 31, 2023 
 
 As at March 31, 2022 
 
 As at March 31, 2021 

Total assets 
 
 30.928 
 
 104.955 
 
 186.948 

Working capital 2 
 
 (17.484) 
 
 7.071 
 
 54.718 

Non-current financial liabilities 
 
 17.455 
 
 13.800 
 
 14.593 

(Deficiency) equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 (11.940) 
 
 48.116 
 
 115.368 

(Deficiency) equity attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 (15.621) 
 
 12.722 
 
 22.178 

1 The Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. It is not a standard measure endorsed by US GAAP requirements. A reconciliation to the Company s net loss is presented below. In the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recasted comparative Adjusted EBITDA to conform to its current definition. As a result, the following adjustments were removed in the current and comparative quarters: litigation provisions, business acquisition and integration costs, signing bonus, severance and related costs, and write-down of inventories and deposits. 
 2 Working capital is calculated by subtracting current liabilities from current assets. Because there is no standard method endorsed by US GAAP, the results may not be comparable to similar measurements presented by other public companies. Current assets as at March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were 23.550, 37.388 and 89.528 respectively, and current liabilities as at March 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 were 41.034, 30.317 and 34.809 respectively. 

34 

SELECTED CONSOLIDATED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 The following tables set out selected consolidated financial information for the last eight quarters and are prepared in accordance with US GAAP. More details and explanations on each of the quarterly financial data above can be found in the corresponding Management Discussion and Analysis. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 

Recasted 

Total Revenues 
 
 12.147 
 
 12.209 
 
 11.987 
 
 16.272 

Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 
 (12.963) 
 
 (1.669) 
 
 (12.963) 
 
 (11.351) 

Net loss 
 
 (44.513) 
 
 (0.497) 
 
 (37.288) 
 
 (6.504) 

Net income (loss) attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 (26.566) 
 
 1.288 
 
 (30.897) 
 
 (4.284) 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 (17.947) 
 
 (1.786) 
 
 (6.390) 
 
 (2.220) 

Basic and diluted income (loss) attributable to common shareholders of the Company 
 
 (2.23) 
 
 0.06 
 
 (3.94) 
 
 (0.72) 

March 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 June 30, 2021 

Recasted 
 
 Recasted 
 
 Recasted 
 
 Recasted 

Total Revenues 
 
 11.532 
 
 14.668 
 
 12.519 
 
 10.079 

Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 
 (12.762) 
 
 (14.198) 
 
 (12.762) 
 
 (14.080) 

Net loss 
 
 (36.662) 
 
 (16.805) 
 
 (12.102) 
 
 (18.856) 

Net loss attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 (31.942) 
 
 (15.009) 
 
 (11.113) 
 
 (16.908) 

Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 (4.720) 
 
 (1.796) 
 
 (0.989) 
 
 (1.948) 

Basic and diluted loss attributable to common shareholders of the Company 
 
 (6.51) 
 
 (3.14) 
 
 (2.33) 
 
 (3.56) 

1 The Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP measure. It is not a standard measure endorsed by US GAAP requirements. A reconciliation to the Company s net loss is presented below. In the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recasted comparative Adjusted EBITDA to conform to its current definition. As a result, the following adjustments were removed in the current and comparative quarters: litigation provisions, business acquisition and integration costs, signing bonus, severance and related costs, and write-down of inventories and deposits. 

35 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL ANALYSIS 
 NON-GAAP FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
 The Company uses one adjusted financial measure, Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization Adjusted EBITDA to assess its operating performance. This non-GAAP financial measure is presented in a consistent manner, unless otherwise disclosed. The Company uses this measure for the purposes of evaluating its historical and prospective financial performance, as well as its performance relative to competitors. The measure also helps the Company to plan and forecast for future periods as well as to make operational and strategic decisions. The Company believes that providing this information to investors, in addition to its GAAP financial statements, allows them to see the Company s results through the eyes of Management, and to better understand its historical and future financial performance. Neptune s method for calculating Adjusted EBITDA may differ from that used by other corporations. 
 A reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA is presented below. 
 ADJUSTED EBITDA 
 Although the concept of Adjusted EBITDA is not a financial or accounting measure defined under US GAAP and it may not be comparable to other issuers, it is widely used by companies. Neptune obtains its Adjusted EBITDA measurement by excluding from its net loss the following items: net finance costs (income), depreciation and amortization, and income tax expense (recovery). Other items such as equity classified stock-based compensation, non-employee compensation related to warrants, impairment losses on non-financial assets, revaluations of derivatives, costs related to conversion from IFRS to US GAAP and other changes in fair values are also added back to Neptune's net loss. The exclusion of net finance costs (income) eliminates the impact on earnings derived from non-operational activities. The exclusion of depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, non-employee compensation related to warrants, impairment losses, revaluations of derivatives and other changes in fair values eliminates the non-cash impact of such items, and the exclusion of costs related to conversion from IFRS to US GAAP, together with the other exclusions discussed above, present the results of the on-going business. From time to time, the Company may exclude additional items if it believes doing so would result in a more effective analysis of underlying operating performance. Adjusting for these items does not imply they are non-recurring. For purposes of this analysis, the Net finance costs (income) caption in the reconciliation below includes the impact of the revaluation of foreign exchange rates. 
 In the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recast comparative Adjusted EBITDA to conform to the current definition. As a result, the following adjustments were removed in the current and comparative quarters: litigation provisions, business acquisition and integration costs, signing bonus, severance and related costs, D O insurance and write-down of inventories and deposits. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 1 reconciliation, in millions of dollars 

Three-month periods ended 
 
 Twelve-month periods ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

0 
 
 Recasted 

Recasted 

Net loss for the year 
 
 (44.513) 
 
 (36.662) 
 
 (88.803) 
 
 (84.425) 

Add (deduct): 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 0.843 
 
 1.656 
 
 3.234 
 
 6.791 

Revaluation of derivatives 
 
 1.374 
 
 1.672 
 
 (14.710) 
 
 (7.035) 

Net finance costs 
 
 1.166 
 
 1.266 
 
 3.823 
 
 2.823 

Equity classified stock-based compensation 
 
 0.671 
 
 1.565 
 
 3.504 
 
 7.817 

Non-employee compensation related to warrants 

0.179 

System migration, conversion, implementation 

(0.001) 

0.327 

Impairment loss on long-lived assets 
 
 27.511 
 
 17.177 
 
 53.292 
 
 19.581 

Costs related to conversion from IFRS to US GAAP 

0.577 

0.577 

Change in revaluation of marketable securities 

0.107 

Income tax recovery 
 
 (0.015) 
 
 (0.012) 

Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 
 (12.963) 
 
 (12.762) 
 
 (39.660) 
 
 (53.258) 

1 The Adjusted EBITDA is not a standard measure endorsed by US GAAP requirements. In the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recasted comparative Adjusted EBITDA to conform to its current definition. As a result, the following adjustments were removed in the current and comparative quarters: litigation provisions, business acquisition and integration costs, signing bonus, severance and related costs, and write-down of inventories and deposits 

36 

The following tables present a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA for the last eight quarters, as a complement to the tables from the Selected Consolidated Quarterly Financial Information section of this MD A. 

March 31, 2023 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 
 June 30, 2022 

Recasted 

Net income (loss) for the period 
 
 (44.513) 
 
 (0.497) 
 
 (37.288) 
 
 (6.504) 

Add (deduct): 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 0.843 
 
 0.662 
 
 0.691 
 
 1.039 

Revaluation of derivatives 
 
 1.374 
 
 (8.368) 
 
 1.808 
 
 (9.524) 

Net finance costs (income) 
 
 1.166 
 
 5.257 
 
 (4.235) 
 
 1.635 

Equity classified stock-based compensation 
 
 0.671 
 
 1.005 
 
 0.640 
 
 1.187 

Impairment loss on long-lived assets 
 
 27.511 
 
 0.270 
 
 24.694 
 
 0.816 

Income tax expense (recovery) 
 
 (0.015) 
 
 0.002 
 
 0.013 

Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 
 (12.963) 
 
 (1.669) 
 
 (13.677) 
 
 (11.351) 

1 The Adjusted EBITDA is not a standard measure endorsed by US GAAP requirements. In the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recasted comparative Adjusted EBITDA to conform to its current definition. As a result, the following adjustments were removed in the current and comparative quarters: litigation provisions, business acquisition and integration costs, signing bonus, severance and related costs, and write-down of inventories and deposits 

March 31, 2022 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 September 30, 2021 
 
 June 30, 2021 

Recasted 
 
 Recasted 
 
 Recasted 
 
 Recasted 

Net loss for the period 
 
 (36.662) 
 
 (16.805) 
 
 (12.102) 
 
 (18.856) 

Add (deduct): 

Depreciation and amortization 
 
 1.656 
 
 1.515 
 
 2.277 
 
 1.344 

Revaluation of derivatives 
 
 1.672 
 
 (1.245) 
 
 (5.529) 
 
 (1.933) 

Net finance costs (income) 
 
 1.266 
 
 0.962 
 
 (1.043) 
 
 1.638 

Equity classified stock-based compensation 
 
 1.565 
 
 1.014 
 
 2.158 
 
 3.080 

Non-employee compensation related to warrants 

0.025 
 
 0.061 
 
 0.093 

Impairment loss on long-lived assets 
 
 17.177 
 
 (0.010) 
 
 1.885 
 
 0.530 

Costs related to conversion from IFRS to US GAAP 
 
 0.577 

Change in revaluation of marketable securities 

0.018 
 
 0.078 
 
 0.012 

Income tax expense (recovery) 
 
 (0.012) 

0.012 

Adjusted EBITDA 1 
 
 (12.762) 
 
 (14.198) 
 
 (12.215) 
 
 (14.080) 

1 The Adjusted EBITDA is not a standard measure endorsed by US GAAP requirements. In the quarter ended September 30, 2022, the Company recasted comparative Adjusted EBITDA to conform to its current definition. As a result, the following adjustments were removed in the current and comparative quarters: litigation provisions, business acquisition and integration costs, signing bonus, severance and related costs, and write-down of inventories and deposits 
 
 37 

OPERATING SEGMENTS 
 The Company s management structure and performance is measured based on a single segment, which is the consolidated level, as this is the level of information used in internal management reports that are reviewed by the Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker. 
 Geographical information 
 Revenue is attributed to geographical locations based on the origin of customers location. 

Three-month periods ended 
 
 Twelve-month periods ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Total Revenues 
 
 Total Revenues 
 
 Total Revenues 
 
 Total Revenues 

Canada 
 
 1.343 
 
 3.527 
 
 8.418 
 
 12.447 

United States 
 
 10.752 
 
 7.686 
 
 43.378 
 
 35.330 

Other countries 
 
 0.052 
 
 0.319 
 
 0.819 
 
 1.020 

12.147 
 
 11.532 
 
 52.615 
 
 48.797 

The Company s property plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill are attributed to geographical locations based on the location of the assets. 

As at 

March 31, 2023 

Property, plant and equipment 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Intangible assets 

Canada 
 
 0.251 
 
 2.426 
 
 1.607 

United States 
 
 1.152 

Total 
 
 1.403 
 
 2.426 
 
 1.607 

As at 

March 31, 2022 

Property, plant and equipment 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Intangible assets 

Canada 
 
 20.725 
 
 2.626 
 
 2.353 

United States 
 
 0.723 
 
 19.542 
 
 19.302 

Total 
 
 21.448 
 
 22.168 
 
 21.655 

38 

RESULTS ANALYSIS 
 Summary of Changes to the Consolidated Statements of Loss 
 t hree-month period ended March 31, 2023 compared to March 31, 2022 

For the three-month period ended 
 Changes 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 Changes in 
 Changes in 

Total revenues 
 
 12.147 
 11.532 
 0.615 
 5.3 

Total cost of sales 
 
 (14.716) 
 (17.228) 
 2.512 
 14.6 

Gross loss 
 
 (2.569) 
 (5.696) 
 3.127 
 54.9 

Gross loss margin 
 
 -21.1 
 -49.4 
 28.2 
 -57.2 

Research and development expenses, net of tax credits and grants 
 
 (0.033) 
 (0.228) 
 0.195 
 85.5 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 (11.235) 
 (10.635) 
 (0.600) 
 -5.6 

Impairment losses 
 
 (27.511) 
 (17.177) 
 (10.334) 
 -60.2 

Other elements from the operating loss 
 
 (0.343) 
 
 (0.343) 
 100.0 

Loss from operating activities 
 
 (41.691) 
 (33.736) 
 (7.955) 
 -23.6 

Net finance costs 
 
 (1.166) 
 (0.967) 
 (0.199) 
 -20.6 

Foreign exchange loss 
 
 (0.111) 
 (0.299) 
 0.188 
 62.9 

Loss on issuance and change in fair value of derivatives 
 
 (1.374) 
 (1.672) 
 0.298 
 17.8 

Other changes in revaluation and fair value 

0.0 

Other elements from the loss before income taxes 
 
 (0.186) 
 
 (0.186) 
 100.0 

(2.837) 
 (2.938) 
 0.101 
 3.4 

Loss before income taxes 
 
 (44.528) 
 (36.674) 
 (7.854) 
 -21.4 

Income tax recovery 
 
 0.015 
 0.012 
 0.003 
 25.0 

Net loss 
 
 (44.513) 
 (36.662) 
 (7.851) 
 -21.4 

Adjusted EBIDTA 
 
 (12.963) 
 (12.762) 
 (0.201) 
 -1.6 

Revenues 
 Total consolidated revenues for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023 amounted to 12.1 million representing an increase of 0.6 million or 5 compared to 11.5 million for the three-month period ended March 31, 2022. 
 Food and beverages revenues represented a 2.5 million increase in comparison to the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, resulting from Sprout s extended distribution in all 50 U.S. states and Canada. This increase was offset by the decrease in revenues in the cannabis market from the now-divested Cannabis business. 
 When compared to the previous quarter, the consolidated revenues decreased by 0.1 million or 1 , which was mainly attributable to timing of shipping of nutraceuticals products (decrease of 0.2 million) as well as decrease in royalty revenues, partially offset by an increase of 0.4 million in food and beverages revenues. 
 Geographic Revenues 
 From a geographic point of view, revenues for the current quarter decreased by 2.2 million or 62 in Canada, increased by 3.1 million or 40 in the United States and decreased by 0.267 million or 84 for other countries (all royalty revenues) compared to the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
 The decrease of revenue in Canada for the quarter is mainly due to the divestiture of the Cannabis business. 
 Gross Profit (Loss) 
 Gross profit (loss) is calculated by deducting the cost of sales from total revenues. Cost of sales consists primarily of costs incurred to manufacture products, including sub-contractors, freight expenses and duties on raw materials, storage and handling costs and lab testing on raw materials, and to acquire finished goods. 
 The consolidated gross profit (loss) for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023 amounted to (2.6) million compared to (5.7) million for the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, an improvement of 3.1 million or 55 . 
 The change for the quarter is mainly attributable to reduction in sales and related cost of sales from the now-divested Cannabis business, and an increase in sales from food and beverages. The divestiture of the Cannabis business contributed to a decrease of 4.5 million in gross loss for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023, compared to the three-month period ended March 31, 2022. 
 39 

Gross Margin Percentage 
 For the three-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the consolidated gross margin went from (49.4) in 2022 to (21.1) in 2023, an increase of 28.2 basis points. 
 All changes in gross margins result from the changes in revenues and gross profit (loss), and are described above. 
 Research and Development R D Expenses 
 For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the consolidated R D expenses net of tax credits and grants amounted to 0.0 million, compared to 0.2 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, a decrease of 0.2 million or 85 . 
 Impairment losses 
 Aggregate impairment losses amounted to 27.5 million compared to 17.2 million for the same period last year, an increase of 10.3 million or 60 . The current period impairment losses are due to the impairment of the goodwill and tradenames related to Sprout. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses 
 Consolidated SG A expenses net of subsidies for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 amounted to 11.2 million compared to 10.6 million for the same period the prior year, an increase of 0.6 million or 6 primarily due to the benefits of the strategic review and continued cost controls. 
 Finance costs 
 Net finance costs, foreign exchange and loss on issuance of derivatives amounted to a loss of 2.8 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, compared to a loss of 2.9 million for the three-month period ended March 31, 2022, a change of 0.1 million or 3 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023. The variation for this period is mainly attributable to the increase in interest expense on the Company s financing facilities, partially offset by the revaluation of warrant liabilities as well as foreign exchange impact. The gain on revaluation of the warrants was primarily driven by the decrease in the Company's stock price. 
 Income taxes 
 Income tax expense (recovery) was nominal for the three-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. As entities are in carry forward loss positions, there is nominal impact to income taxes for the quarter. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA loss increased by 0.2 million or 2 for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 to an Adjusted EBITDA loss of 13.0 million compared to 12.8 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. The increase in Adjusted EBITDA loss for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 compared to the quarter ended March 31, 2022 was driven by additional costs for settlements with suppliers, warehousing of legacy products as well as legacy litigations, partially offset by the Company's execution of its strategic review plan of refocusing on its core products. 
 Net loss 
 For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the net loss amounted to 44.5 million compared to 36.7 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, an increase of 7.9 million or 21 . This increase in net loss is mostly attributable to the impairment losses discussed in the section above, offset by the Company's execution of its strategic review plan by refocusing on its core businesses. 
 
 40 

t welve-month period ended March 31, 2023 compared to March 31, 2022 

For the twelve-month period ended 
 Changes 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 Changes in 
 Changes in 

Total revenues 
 
 52.615 
 48.797 
 3.818 
 7.8 

Total cost of sales 
 
 (55.090) 
 (56.333) 
 1.243 
 2.2 

Gross loss 
 
 (2.475) 
 (7.536) 
 5.061 
 67.2 

Gross loss margin 
 
 -4.7 
 -15.4 
 10.7 
 -69.5 

Research and development expenses, net of tax credits and grants 
 
 (0.484) 
 (0.880) 
 0.396 
 45.0 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 
 (46.424) 
 (60.539) 
 14.115 
 23.3 

Impairment losses 
 
 (53.292) 
 (19.581) 
 (33.711) 
 -172.2 

Other elements from the operating loss 
 
 (0.173) 
 0.006 
 (0.179) 
 -2983.3 

Loss from operating activities 
 
 (102.848) 
 (88.530) 
 (14.318) 
 -16.2 

Net finance costs 
 
 (3.823) 
 (2.137) 
 (1.686) 
 -78.9 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 
 6.435 
 (0.686) 
 7.121 
 1038.0 

Gain on issuance and change in fair value of derivatives 
 
 11.553 
 7.035 
 4.518 
 64.2 

Other changes in revaluation and fair value 

(0.107) 
 0.107 
 100.0 

Other elements from the loss before income taxes 
 
 (0.120) 
 
 (0.120) 
 100.0 

14.045 
 4.105 
 9.940 
 242.1 

Loss before income taxes 
 
 (88.803) 
 (84.425) 
 (4.378) 
 -5.2 

Income tax recovery 

0.0 

Net loss 
 
 (88.803) 
 (84.425) 
 (4.378) 
 -5.2 

Adjusted EBIDTA 
 
 (39.660) 
 (53.258) 
 13.598 
 25.5 

Revenues 
 For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, consolidated revenues totaled 52.6 million representing an increase of 3.8 million or 8 compared to 48.8 million for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022. 
 The 3.8 million increase was mainly attributable to the increase in the Food and Beverages revenues, offset by the decrease in sales related to the now-divested Cannabis business. Food and Beverages revenues increased by 8.2 million or 32 and revenues from the sale of nutraceutical productions increased by 1.5 million or 11 . This was offset by the decrease in sales of cannabis productions of 5.3 million or 66 related to the divestiture of the Cannabis business. 
 Geographic Revenues 
 Revenues for the year decreased by 4.0 million or 32 in Canada, increased by 8.0 million or 23 in the United States and decreased by 0.267 million or 20 for other countries (all royalty revenues) compared to the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022. 
 The increase in revenues for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 in the United States is mostly attributable to the increase in sales of Sprout. 
 Gross Profit (Loss) 
 Gross profit (loss) is calculated by deducting the cost of sales from total revenues. Cost of sales consists primarily of costs incurred to manufacture products, including sub-contractors, freight expenses and duties on raw materials, storage and handling costs and lab testing on raw materials, and to acquire finished goods. 
 For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, the consolidated gross profit (loss) amounted to (2.5) million compared to (7.5) million for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, an improvement of 5.1 million or 67 . 
 The improvement is mainly attributable to reduction in sales and related cost of sales from the Cannabis business and partially offset by inventory write-downs. For the March 31, 2023 period, the gross loss improved by 5.0 million from the divestiture of the cannabis business. The gross loss improvement was partially offset by an increase of 1.7 million on inventory impairment. 
 Gross Margin Percentage 
 For the twelve-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the consolidated gross margin went from (15.44) in 2022 to (4.7 in 2023, an increase of 10.7 basis points. 
 All changes in gross margins result from the changes in revenues and gross profit (loss), and are described above. 
 Research and Development R D Expenses 
 Consolidated R D expenses net of tax credits and grants amounted to 0.5 million in the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 compared to 0.9 million for the same period the prior year, a decrease of 0.4 million or 45 . 
 41 

Impairment losses 
 Aggregate impairment losses amounted to 53.3 million compared to 19.6 million for the same period last year, an increase of 33.7 million or 172 . This increase is primarily due to the divestiture from the Cannabis business and impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill related to Sprout. 
 Selling, General and Administrative SG A Expenses 
 Regarding the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 compared to the same period in 2022, consolidated SG A expenses net of subsidies amounted to 46.4 million compared to 60.5 million, a decrease of 14.1 million or 23 primarily from cost reduction measures related to the previously announced strategic review partially offset by higher legal and other costs. 
 Finance costs 
 For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, the net finance costs, foreign exchange, loss on issuance of derivatives and derivatives revaluations amounted to a gain of 14.0 million, compared to a gain of 4.1 million for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, a change of 9.9 million or 242 for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023. The variation for this period is mainly attributable to gain on reevaluation of derivatives related to the decrease in stock price. 
 Income taxes 
 Income tax expense (recovery) was nominal for the twelve-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. As entities are in carry forward loss positions, there is nominal impact to income taxes for the year. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA loss decreased by 13.6 million or 26 for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 to an Adjusted EBITDA loss of 39.7 million compared to 53.3 million for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in Adjusted EBITDA loss for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 compared to the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022 is explained by the Company's execution of its strategic review plan of refocusing on its core products, partially offset by additional costs for settlements with suppliers, warehousing of legacy products as well as legacy litigations. 
 Net loss 
 The net loss for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 totaled 88.8 million compared to 84.4 million for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, an increase of 4.4 million or 5 . This is mostly due to the impairment losses on assets held for sale, intangible assets and goodwill, partially offset by the Company's execution of its strategic review plan of refocusing over its core products and businesses. 
 
 FINANCIAL AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT 
 USE OF PROCEEDS 
 The use of proceeds for the three and twelve-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, in millions of dollars, was as follows: 

Three-month periods ended 
 
 Twelve-month periods ended 

March 31, 
 
 March 31, 
 
 March 31, 
 
 March 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 2023 
 
 2022 

Sources: 

Proceeds from the issuance of shares and warrants through a Direct Offering 

8.000 
 
 5.000 
 
 8.000 

Proceeds from the issuance of shares and warrants through a Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market and Concurrent Private Placement 

6.000 

Proceeds from exercise of options and pre-funded warrants 

0.001 

0.001 

Proceeds from sale of Cannabis assets 

3.122 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

0.170 

Proceeds from sale of Acasti shares 1 

0.044 

Increase in loans and borrowings 
 
 6.567 

10.367 

Foreign exchange gain on cash and cash equivalents held in foreign currencies 
 
 0.418 
 
 0.066 
 
 0.180 

6.985 
 
 8.067 
 
 24.839 
 
 8.045 

Uses: 

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 
 
 0.329 
 
 0.904 
 
 0.931 
 
 1.939 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

(0.001) 

0.433 

Costs of issuance of shares and warrants 
 
 0.171 
 
 0.637 
 
 1.501 
 
 0.637 

Withholding taxes paid pursuant to the settlement of non-treasury RSUs 

0.433 
 
 0.574 
 
 1.412 

Foreign exchange loss on cash and cash equivalents held in foreign currencies 

0.389 

Cash flows used in operating activities 
 
 7.896 
 
 10.526 
 
 28.566 
 
 54.346 

8.396 
 
 12.499 
 
 31.572 
 
 59.156 

Net cash outflows 
 
 (1.411) 
 
 (4.432) 
 
 (6.733) 
 
 (51.111) 

42 

Sources of Funds 
 For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, the increase in loans and borrowings, net of repayments, was 10.4 million and proceeds from direct offerings were of 11.0 million; in addition, the Company received 3.3 million for the sale of assets. The proceeds were mainly used for operating activities, primarily inventory procurement, salaries and professional fees. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, gross proceeds of 8.0 million were raised from a Direct Offering with 54.3 million of cash being used for operating activities and an additional 5.9 million for other purposes, bringing net cash outflows in the year to 51.1 million. 
 Direct Offerings 
 On March 14, 2022, Neptune issued a total of 528,572 (18,500,000 pre-consolidation) common shares of the Company Common Shares ), along with 185,715 (6,500,000 pre-consolidation) pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), as part of a registered direct offering Direct Offering ), with each Pre-Funded Warrant exercisable for one Common Share. The Common Shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together with 714,286 (25,000,000 pre-consolidation) Series A Warrants (the Series A Warrants and 714,286 (25,000,000 pre-consolidation) Series B Warrants (the Series B Warrants and collectively with the Series A Warrants, the Common Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,428,572 (50,000,000 pre-consolidation) Common Shares. Each Common Share and Pre Funded Warrants and the accompanying Common Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of 11.20 (or 0.32 pre-consolidation), for aggregate gross proceeds of 8.0 million before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Pre-Funded Warrants a funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of 0.0035 (or 0.0001 pre-consolidation) and are exercisable commencing on the Closing Date, and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Series A Warrants have an exercise price of 11.20 per share and are exercisable six months after the closing date, and will expire five and one half years from the date of issuance. The Series B Warrants have an exercise price of 11.20 per share and are exercisable six months after the closing date, and expire 18 months from the date of issuance. The net proceeds of the transaction amounted to 3.6 million. 
 On June 23, 2022, Neptune closed agreements with several institutional investors for the purchase and sale of an aggregate of 1,300,000 common shares of the Company, 645,526 pre-funded warrants and accompanying series of warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 2,591,052 common shares warrants, at an offering price of 2.57 per share and accompanying warrants in a registered direct offering priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. Each series of warrants have an exercise price of 2.32 per share and are immediately exercisable upon issuance. One series of warrants will expire two years following the date of issuance and one series of warrants will expire five years following the date of issuance. The gross proceeds from the offering were 5.0 million, prior to deducting placement agent's fees and other offering expenses payable by Neptune. The pre-funded warrants were fully exercised on June 24, 2022 for 65. 
 On October 11, 2022, the Company closed a registered direct offering of 3,208,557 of its Common Shares and warrants Series E Warrants to purchase up to 6,417,114 Common Shares in the concurrent Private Placement. The combined purchase price for one Common Share and one warrant was 1.87. The Series E Warrants have an exercise price of 1.62 per Common Share, are exercisable immediately following the date of issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company received gross proceeds of 6.0 million and net proceeds of 5.1 million after deducting the placement agent fees and expenses, and the Company s offering expenses. 
 Loans and borrowings 
 On July 13, 2022, Neptune announced that Sprout Foods Inc. Sprout ), the Company's organic plant-based baby food and toddler snack company, entered into an amendment of each of its existing Secured Promissory Notes. In connection with this amendment, investment funds managed by Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital Morgan Stanley or MSEC have agreed to immediately commit an additional 3 million in Secured Promissory Notes to Sprout. The maturity date of the note facility of February 1, 2024 is consistent with the maturity date of the existing Secured Promissory Notes with MSEC and Neptune. The 13.0 million of amended Secured Promissory Notes have a 10 interest rate per annum, increasing by 1 per annum every three months during the term of the Secured Promissory Notes. The interest will be compounded and added to the principal amount on a quarterly basis. The amended Secured Promissory Notes may be converted, in whole or in part, at any time upon the mutual consent of Sprout, the Company and MSEC, into common shares of the Company. MSEC was issued 372,670 common shares of Neptune, having a value of 0.6 million in connection with this commitment, for the payment of borrowing costs. On April 27, 2023, the Company announced that Sprout extended the maturity of its existing 13 million secured promissory note with MSEC. The note maturity has been extended from February 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, which will bear interest at the rate of 15.0 per annum through and including December 31, 2023, payable in kind, and 10.0 per annum, payable in kind, and 5.0 per annum payable in cash, from and after January 1, 2024. 
 On August 26, 2022, Neptune's Sprout subsidiary entered in a new 0.25 million Secured Promissory Note agreement. The maturity date of the new note facility is February 1, 2024. The 0.25 million Secured Promissory Note has a 10 interest rate per annum, increasing by 1 per annum every three months during the term of this Secured Promissory Note. The interest will be compounded and added to the principal amount on a quarterly basis. This Secured Promissory Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at any time upon the mutual consent of Sprout, the Company and the holder, into common shares of the Company. Neptune issued 36,765 common shares having a value of 0.1 million in connection with this Secured Promissory Note, for the payment of borrowing costs. 
 On November 8, 2022, Sprout entered into two agreements to issue an additional 0.55 million of Secured Promissory Notes, on the same terms as the previous Secured Promissory Note discussed above. In connection with these financings, Neptune issued 146,330 common shares for a value of 0.1 million to the holders of these Secured Promissory Notes on February 15, 2023, for the payment of borrowing costs. 
 43 

On January 13, 2023, Neptune announced that it has closed on a senior secured notes financing (such notes, the Notes for gross proceeds of 4.0 million with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and Symbolic Logic, Inc. (collectively, the Noteholders ). The Notes will mature 12 months from the initial closing and bear interest at a rate of 16.5 per annum. The notes are secured by the assets of Neptune excluding the assets of Sprout. Interest will be payable in kind on the first 6 monthly payment dates after the initial closing date and thereafter will be payable in cash. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Company also issued to the Noteholders warrants to purchase an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.53 per common share. On March 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and First Amendment to the Notes (the Waiver Agreement ). The Waiver Agreement waives certain administrative, regulatory and financial statement related covenants as further described in the Waiver Agreement as required by the terms of the Notes. The lender has the right to demand immediate repayment in the event of default. Furthermore, in connection with the Waiver Agreement, the Notes were amended to provide that the Purchasers shall be paid an exit fee in the aggregate amount of 0.2 million, payable as follows: (i) on or prior to May 15, 2023, 0.1 million and (ii) on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), 0.1 million and the interest rate was increased to 24 for a period extending until the Company meets specified criteria in the Waiver Agreement. On May 22, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (the Second Waiver Agreement ), with CCUR Holdings, Inc. Collateral Agent and the purchasers named therein, related to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of January 12, 2023 (the Note Purchase Agreement ). The Second Waiver Agreement provides that the required prepayment of 2 million (the Mandatory Prepayment ), due as of May 15, 2023, is waived, in part, until July 31, 2023, or for an additional thirty days thereafter if the Company has filed a Registration on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission by July 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Second Waiver Agreement, the Company was required to pay, and has paid, 1 million of the Mandatory Prepayment. For the period beginning on March 31, 2023, through and including the date that the entire Mandatory Prepayment, including interest and fees is paid, interest on the sum of the outstanding principal amounts will accrue at the rate of 24 per annum. Thereafter, interest will revert to the rate otherwise provided under the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company also agreed to pay an extension fee in an aggregate amount of 138,606, which was added to the principal amount due 
 On January 25, 2023, Neptune announced that its organic baby food brand subsidiary, Sprout Organics, has entered into an accounts receivable factoring facility with Alterna Capital Solutions, LLC Alterna ). The maximum available is 5 million. The terms of the agreement include a Funds Usage Fee of prime plus 1 with a minimum interest rate of 8 per annum. Alterna was granted a security interest in Sprout's accounts receivable. The agreement will remain in effect for a 12-month period, effective January 23, 2023, and will be automatically renewed. Neptune provided a commercial guaranty in connection with this agreement. On May 10, 2023, Neptune announced that Sprout has secured inventory financing through an Invoice Purchase and Security Agreement partnership with Alterna, effective April 21, 2023. The inventory line will provide Sprout with working capital for additional inventory to meet consumer demand and product line expansion. The maximum available has been amended to 7.5 million, from 5.0 million previously announced on January 25, 2023, adding a line of inventory to the accounts receivable factoring facility that is already in place. 
 On March 10, 2023, Sprout issued promissory notes for gross proceeds of 0.3 million to various investors, on the same terms as the MSEC promissory notes. Pursuant to the terms of the promissory notes, the Company also issued to these investors warrants March 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 111,111 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.54 per common share. The aggregate fair value on issuance of the March 2023 Warrants was 0.0 million. 
 Sale of assets 
 On June 8, 2022, the Company announced a planned divestiture of the Canadian cannabis business and that the Company would focus on winding up its cannabis operations pending one or more sales transactions. The net proceeds from the asset sale and purchase agreement (the ASPA signed with a third-party on October 16, 2022 were 3.1 million. The transaction closed on November 9, 2022. In addition, Neptune received 0.2 million for the sale of assets unrelated to the cannabis business during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity position 
 As at March 31, 2023, the Company s liquidity position, consisting of cash and cash equivalents, was 2.0 million. Furthermore, as at March 31, 2023, the Company s trade and other payables exceed its total current assets. Accordingly, the Company is required to actively manage its liquidity and expenses and payments of payables are not being made as the amounts become due. As of the date the financial statements are authorized for issuance, the cash balance is expected to be sufficient to operate the business for less than 1 month under the current business plan. The Company requires funding in the very near term in order to continue its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain funding in the near-term, it may have to cease operations and liquidate its assets. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash flows and financial condition between the three-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Summary 
 As at March 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalent totaled 2.0 million, a decrease of 6.7 million or 77 compared to cash and cash equivalents totaling 8.7 million as at March 31, 2022. 
 Operating activities 
 During the three-month period ended March 31, 2023 our operating activities used cash of 7.9 million compared to 10.5 million in the three-month period ended March 31, 2022. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, our operating activities used cash of 28.6 million compared to 54.3 million in the prior year. 
 Investing activities 
 The Company's business models require low capital expenditures CAPEX future investments. For the year ended March 31, 2023, 2.4 million was used for investing activities; in the prior year, 2.3 million was used for investing activities. As for the quarter ended March 31, 2023, 0.3 million was used for investing activities, compared to 0.9 million for the same period the previous year. 
 44 

Financing activities 
 The Company has been successful in obtaining financing from public issuances and private placements. The Company also previously had a term facility for one of its subsidiaries, which was repaid in its entirety during the last quarter of fiscal year 2021. Since then, the Company entered into Registered Direct Offerings closed on March 14, 2022 8.0 million), June 23, 2022 5.0 million) and October 11, 2022 6.0 million). Secured promissory notes totaling 4.1 million were also issued during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 by Sprout (including 0.3 million during the last quarter). During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, Sprout entered into an accounts receivable factoring facility, for which the maximum available is 5.0 million (of which 2.8 million was used as at March 31, 2023), and Neptune issued secured senior notes for gross proceeds of 4.0 million. 
 The Company's current cash position will be sufficient to support its financial needs less than 1 month under the current business plan. Should the Company's various financing initiatives such as potential public issuances, private placements, preferred shares issuances, or debt financings not materialize, further actions such as further cost reduction initiatives and Company spinoffs of subsidiaries remain as viable options. See the Going Concern section of this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Furthermore, certain liabilities, such as the warrant liabilities, are dependent on Neptune s share price and would only become payable if they are in the money. The warrants, if exercised, settle in common shares of the Company and therefore do impact on the Company s cash. Unless exercised on a cashless basis (where permitted), warrant holders are required to pay the cash strike price to exercise the warrant and thus the exercise of warrants could result in a cash infusion to the Company. 
 Loans and borrowings 
 On February 10, 2021, as part of the Sprout acquisition, Sprout issued a promissory note of 10.0 million guaranteed by the Company and secured by a first-ranking mortgage on all movable assets of Sprout current and future, corporeal and incorporeal, and tangible and intangible. The outstanding principal balance bears interest at the rate of 10 per annum, increasing by 1 per annum every three months during the term of the Secured Promissory Notes. The interest will be compounded and added to the principal amount on a quarterly basis. On April 27, 2023, the Company announced that Sprout extended the maturity of its existing 13 million secured promissory note with MSEC. The note maturity has been extended from February 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, which will bear interest at the rate of 15.0 per annum through and including December 31, 2023, payable in kind, and 10.0 per annum, payable in kind, and 5.0 per annum payable in cash, from and after January 1, 2024. 
 On August 26, 2022, Sprout entered in a new 0.25 million Secured Promissory Note agreement. The maturity date of the new note facility is February 1, 2024. The 250,000 Secured Promissory Note has a 10 interest rate per annum, increasing by 1 per annum every three months during the term of this Secured Promissory Note. The interest will be compounded and added to the principal amount on a quarterly basis. This Secured Promissory Note may be converted, in whole or in part, at any time upon the mutual consent of Sprout, the Company and the holder, into common shares of the Company. Neptune issued 36,765 common shares for a value of 0.1 million in connection with this Secured Promissory Note, for the payment of borrowing costs. 
 On November 8, 2022, Sprout entered into an agreement to issue an additional 0.55 million of Secured Promissory Notes, on the same terms as the Secured Promissory Note entered into with MSEC. On February 15, 2023, in connection with this financing, Neptune issued 146,330 common shares to the holders of these Secured Promissory Notes for a value of 0.1 million. 
 On January 13, 2023, Neptune announced that it has closed on a senior secured notes financing (such notes, the Notes for gross proceeds of 4.0 million with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and Symbolic Logic, Inc. (collectively, the Noteholders ). The Notes will mature 12 months from the initial closing and bear interest at a rate of 16.5 per annum. The notes are secured by the assets of Neptune excluding the assets of Sprout. Interest will be payable in kind on the first 6 monthly payment dates after the initial closing date and thereafter will be payable in cash. Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Company also issued to the Noteholders warrants to purchase an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.53 per common share. On March 9, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and First Amendment to the Notes (the Waiver Agreement ). The Waiver Agreement waives certain administrative, regulatory and financial statement related covenants as further described in the Waiver Agreement as required by the terms of the Notes. The lender has the right to demand immediate repayment in the event of default. Furthermore, in connection with the Waiver Agreement, the Notes were amended to provide that the Purchasers shall be paid an exit fee in the aggregate amount of 0.2 million, payable as follows: (i) on or prior to May 15, 2023, 0.1 million and (ii) on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), 0.1 million and the interest rate was increased to 24 for a period extending until the Company meets specified criteria in the Waiver Agreement. 
 On January 25, 2023, Neptune announced that its organic baby food brand subsidiary, Sprout Organics, has entered into an accounts receivable factoring facility with Alterna Capital Solutions, LLC Alterna ). The maximum available is 5 million. The terms of the agreement include a Funds Usage Fee of prime plus 1 with a minimum interest rate of 8 per annum. Alterna was granted a security interest in Sprout's accounts receivable. The agreement will remain in effect for a 12-month period, effective January 23, 2023, and will be automatically renewed. Neptune provided a commercial guaranty in connection with this agreement. On May 10, 2023, Neptune announced that Sprout has secured inventory financing through an Invoice Purchase and Security Agreement partnership with Alterna, effective April 21, 2023. The inventory line will provide Sprout with working capital for additional inventory to meet consumer demand and product line expansion. The maximum available has been amended to 7.5 million, from 5.0 million previously announced on January 25, 2023, adding a line of inventory to the accounts receivable factoring facility that is already in place. 
 On March 10, 2023, Sprout issued promissory notes for gross proceeds of 0.3 million to various investors, on the same terms as the MSEC promissory notes. Pursuant to the terms of the promissory notes, the Company also issued to these investors warrants March 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 111,111 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.54 per common share. 
 45 

Form S-3 Limitations 
 As a result of our inability to timely file the Quarterly Report for the three and six-months periods ended September 30, 2022 and the three and nine-months periods ended December 31, 2022 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, we will not be eligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 to conduct public offerings of our securities until we have timely filed all periodic reports with the SEC for a period of twelve months. Our inability to use Form S-3 during this time period may have a negative impact on our ability to access the public capital markets in a timely fashion because we are required to file a long-form registration statement on Form S-1 and have it reviewed and declared effective by the SEC. This may limit our ability to access the public markets to raise debt or equity. 
 Equity 
 Equity consists of the following items: 

March 31, 
 
 March 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Share capital 
 
 321.946 
 
 317.051 

Warrants 
 
 6.155 
 
 6.080 

Additional paid-in capital 
 
 58.139 
 
 55.981 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 
 (14.539) 
 
 (7.814) 

Deficit 
 
 (383.641) 
 
 (323.182) 

Total equity (deficiency) attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 (11.940) 
 
 48.116 

Total equity (deficiency) attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 (15.621) 
 
 12.722 

Total equity (deficiency) 
 
 (27.561) 
 
 60.838 

46 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 The following are the contractual maturities of financial liabilities and other contracts as at March 31, 2023: 

March 31, 2023 

Required payments per year 
 
 Carrying amount 
 
 Contractual Cash flows 
 
 Less than 1 year 
 
 1 to 3 years 
 
 4 to 5 years 
 
 More than 5 years 

Trade and other payables and provisions 
 
 30.000 
 
 27.250 
 
 27.250 

Lease liabilities 1 
 
 2.358 
 
 2.961 
 
 0.519 
 
 0.991 
 
 0.778 
 
 0.673 

Loans and borrowings 2,4 
 
 22.951 
 
 22.951 
 
 7.538 
 
 15.413 

Other liability 3 
 
 0.024 
 
 15.000 

15.000 

55.333 
 
 68.162 
 
 35.307 
 
 16.404 
 
 0.778 
 
 15.673 

(1)	Includes interest payments to be made on lease liabilities corresponding to discounted effect. 
 (2)	Includes interest payments to be made on loans and borrowings. 
 (3)	According to the employment agreement with the CEO, a long-term incentive is payable if the Company reaches a level of market capitalization . 
 (4)	Taking into account the April 27, 2023 announcement stating that Sprout extended the maturity of its existing 13 million secured promissory note with MSEC. The note maturity has been extended from February 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 . 
 Liabilities related to warrants are excluded from the table above, as they are to be settled in shares. A 2.75 million accrual for the settlement of a legal case was also excluded from the contractual cash flows for trade and other payables and provisions, as the Company intends to settle in shares. 
 Under the terms of its financing agreements, the Company is not required to meet financial covenants. However the Company does have several covenants related to other matters such as financial statement deadlines, which if not respected, provide for certain obligations to become due on demand. The Company does not currently have funds available to repay lenders were that to occur. 
 On November 14, 2021, the Company and its CEO entered into an agreement pursuant to which the CEO s existing employment agreement was amended to waive the Company s obligation to procure directors and officers insurance coverage of up to 15 million for the period covering July 1, 2021 to July 31, 2022. The parties agreed that if the Company had successfully completed a strategic partnership prior to December 31, 2021, the CEO would have been entitled to approximately 6.9 million in cash and would have been granted fully vested options to purchase 8.5 million shares of the Company s common stock. The parties also agreed that if certain contingencies did not occur by December 31, 2021, the parties would negotiate for a period of 30 days and, in the absence of an agreement, would be entitled to a grant of vested RSUs with a value of approximately 8.6 million (or if the Company is unable to grant such RSUs, then a combination of cash and vested RSUs with equivalent value). On January 31, 2022, the parties agreed to extend the 30-day negotiation period for an additional 30 days. As the strategic partnership was not consummated by December 31, 2021, the CEO will be entitled to the compensation mentioned above. The Company has accrued in trade and other payable the liability to the CEO of 8.6 million as at March 31, 2023. The related charge for the three-month and twelve-month periods ended March 31, 2023 is nil and 1.2 million, respectively, is included in selling general and administrative expenses. 
 The Company is required to pay royalties of 1 of its revenues in semi-annual installments, for an unlimited period to the former CEO. A provision of 1.0 million for royalty payments is included in the table above for amounts currently due and is not otherwise included in table above. 
 Refer also to provisions disclosed in note 11, commitments disclosed in note 22(a) and legal proceedings in note 22(b) of the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 The Company has no significant off-balance sheet arrangements as at March 31, 2023, other than those mentioned above and the commitments disclosed in note 22 of the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 47 

ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 OUR ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Please refer to Note 3 of the annual consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2023 for more information about significant accounting policies used to prepare the financial statements. 
 When preparing the financial statements in accordance with US GAAP, the management of Neptune must make estimates and judgements that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the notes thereto. Such estimates are based on Management s knowledge of current events and actions that the Company may take in the future. 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS 
 The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with US GAAP. In preparing the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, Management made estimates in determining transaction amounts and statement of financial position balances. Certain policies have more importance than others. We consider them critical if their application entails a substantial degree of judgment or if they result from a choice between numerous accounting alternatives and the choice has a material impact on reported results of operation or financial position. Please refer to the annual consolidated financial statements as at March 31, 2023 for more information about the Company s most significant accounting policies and the items for which critical estimates were made in the financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 Estimates are based on management s best knowledge of current events and actions that the Company may undertake in the future. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected. 
 Critical accounting estimates are: 
 Estimating the expected credit losses for trade receivables 

An allowance for current expected credit losses is maintained to reflect credit risk for trade accounts receivable based on a current expected credit loss model which factors in changes in credit quality since the initial recognition of trade accounts receivable based on customer risk categories. Current expected credit losses also consider collection history and specific risks identified on a customer-by-customer basis. Trade accounts receivable are presented net of allowances for current expected credit losses. 
 Most of the Company's customers are distributors for a given territory and are privately-held, provincially owned and publicly owned companies. The profile and credit quality of the Company s customers vary significantly. Adverse changes in a customer s financial position could cause the Company to limit or discontinue conducting business with that customer, require the Company to assume more credit risk relating to that customer s future purchases or result in uncollectible accounts receivable from that customer. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 The Company s extension of credit to customers involves judgment and is based on an evaluation of each customer s financial condition and payment history. From time to time, the Company will temporarily transact with customers on a prepayment basis where circumstances warrant. The Company s credit controls and processes cannot eliminate credit risk. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company transacted with a few new customers for which financial positions deteriorated during the year. The Company has recorded specific provisions related to these customers. 
 The expected credit loss for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 1.4 million and for March 31, 2022 was 1.7 million. As at March 31, 2023, 82 of our trade receivables are past due (March 31, 2022 71 ). We have provided for 66 of past due receivables as at March 31, 2023 (March 31, 2022 - 58 ). Most of the past due trade receivables are from legacy customers of B2B cannabis services revenues as well as legacy Health and Wellness customers, for which they were provided for in fiscal 2021. 
 Expected credit loss is subject to estimation risk and measurement uncertainty because the financial health of certain customers is difficult to predict. 
 Estimating the write down of inventories 

Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses. As necessary, the Company records write-downs for excess, slow moving and obsolete inventory. To determine these amounts, the Company regularly reviews inventory quantities on hand and compares them to estimates of historical utilization, future product demand, and production requirements. Write-downs of inventories to net realizable value are recorded in cost of sales in the consolidated financial statements. 
 In the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, inventories have been reduced by 5.5 million and 3.8 million respectively, as a result of a write-down to their net realizable value, which is included in cost of sales. 
 The write-off of inventory for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 was mostly related to slow moving items and raw materials related to discontinued items. 
 The write-off of inventory for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022 was largely related to the completion of inventory write-downs of legacy Health and Wellness products as well as inventory write downs for legacy products related to the SugarLeaf facility. Both write-offs of inventories occurred in the first six months of fiscal 2022, resulting in 3.8 million of expense. 
 Net realizable value is subject to measurement uncertainty because it can be difficult to predict market demands and timing of supply due to logistics. 
 48 

Estimating the recoverable amount of non-financial assets, to determine and measure impairment losses on goodwill, intangibles, and property, plant and equipment. 

The Company assesses at each reporting date whether there is an indication that an asset group or a reporting unit may be impaired. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, there were changes in the general economic and financial conditions of the markets the Company serves. The Company s Sprout reporting unit was adversely impacted during the second quarter of 2022 by these conditions, which impacted the operating results. Accordingly, management concluded that these factors were indicators of impairment. 
 As a result, management performed an impairment test for the Sprout reporting unit, for which it revised its assumptions on projected earnings and cash flows growth, as well as its assumptions on discount rates used to apply to the forecasted cash flows, using its best estimate of the conditions existing at September 30, 2022. Although management used its best estimate to assess the potential impact of the changes in the general economic conditions on the Company s business, management exercised significant judgment to estimate forecasted cash flows and discount rate, using assumptions which are subject to significant uncertainties. Accordingly, differences in estimates could affect whether a reporting unit is impaired and the dollar amount of that impairment, which could be material. The Company compared the carrying amount of the reporting unit to the fair value. The fair value of the Sprout reporting unit was determined to be lower than the carrying value and a 7,570,471 goodwill impairment expense was recorded in the quarter ended September 30, 2022. 
 The fair value of the reporting unit was estimated using a discounted cash flow model with a WACC post-tax discount rate of 11.0 and a market multiples valuation approach. The discount rate represents the risk adjusted WACC of the reporting unit, based on publicly available information and that of comparable companies operating in similar industries. Determination of the WACC requires separate analysis of the cost of equity and debt, and considers a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows of the reporting unit. 
 Cash flows were projected based on past experience, actual operating results and the three-year business plan including a terminal growth rate of 3.5 . 
 In the third quarter of 2022 due to the Company s sustained decrease in share price, the Company concluded a triggering event occurred and performed a quantitative impairment test for the Sprout reporting unit. As part of the impairment testing process, the Company considered a number of factors including, but not limited to, current macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, economic growth, and interest rate movements, industry and market considerations, stock price performance (including performance relative to peers) and overall financial performance of the Sprout reporting unit. Although management used its best estimate to assess the potential impact of the changes in the general economic conditions on the Company s business, management exercised significant judgment to estimate forecasted cash flows and discount rate, using assumptions which are subject to significant uncertainties. Based on the results of the Company s third quarter 2022 impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of the Sprout reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and no impairment was recognized. 
 The most significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values using a discounted cash flow model included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, terminal value as well as the discount rate. These significant assumptions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, signifying that they are not based on observable market data. A decrease in the projected cash flow or an increase in discount rate could have resulted in a higher impairment charge. Should these projections not be realized, or the discount rate needs to be increased, an impairment loss may be needed in future periods. 
 As of March 31, 2023, the Company made the following assessments: 
 Biodroga As part of its annual impairment test, Management determined that the fair value of Biodroga was higher than its carrying value and thus no impairment charge was recorded for the reporting unit. The most significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values using discounted cash flow model included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, terminal value as well as the discount rate. These significant assumptions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, signifying that they are not based on observable market data. A decrease in the projected cash flow or an increase in discount rate could have resulted in an impairment charge. Should these projections not be realized, an impairment loss may be needed in future periods. As of March 31, 2023, the assumptions used in determining the fair value were not subject to a degree of uncertainty that would have caused impairment to be recorded, as there was sufficient headroom between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying value. 
 Sprout In 2023, as part of the annual impairment test of Sprout, Management determined that the fair value of the reporting unit was lower than its carrying amount. As a result, an impairment charge of 18.0 million was allocated to the Sprout tradename and an impairment charge of 19.5 million was allocated to the goodwill of Sprout. The most significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values using discounted cash flow model included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, terminal value as well as the discount rate. These significant assumptions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, signifying that they are not based on observable market data. Due to the impairment losses recorded in the second and fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, these assets are now carried at a nil value. 
 Judgment related to the recognition period to be used in recording stock-based compensation that is based on market and non-market conditions (notes 10 and 12 of the consolidated financial statements) 

On July 8, 2019, the Company granted 100,000 non-market performance options under the Company stock option plan at an exercise price of 155.05 per share to the CEO, expiring on July 8, 2029. These options vest after the attainment of non-market performance conditions within the following ten years. These non-market performance options required the approval of amendments to the stock option plan and therefore the fair value of these options was revalued up to the date of approval of the amendments (grant date). These options are valued based on level 3 inputs. During the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, changes in estimated probability of achievement of the non-market performance conditions or the expected number of years to achieve the performance conditions resulted in a recovery of stock-based compensation recognized under this plan. None of these non-market performance options have vested as at March 31, 2023. Changes in these assumptions would impact the timing of which the expense is recognized. These options were not exercisable as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. 
 On July 8, 2019, the Company granted 157,142 market performance options under the Company stock option plan at an exercise price of 155.05 per share to the CEO, expiring on July 8, 2029. The options vest after the attainment of market performance conditions within the following ten years. The market condition was factored into the fair value. Some of these market performance options required the approval of amendments to the stock option plan and therefore the fair value of these options was revaluated up to the date of approval of the amendments (grant date). 
 49 

Estimating the fair value of various financings (notes 12, 13 and 14 of the consolidated financial statements) 

On June 23, 2022, Neptune issued a total of 645,526 pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), along with 1,300,000 common shares of the Company, as part of a registered direct offering June 2022 Direct Offering ). Each Pre-Funded Warrant was exercisable for one Common Share. The common shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together with 1,945,526 Series C Warrants (the Series C Warrants ), and 1,945,526 Series D Warrants (the Series D Warrants and collectively, the June 2022 Common Warrants ). Each common share and Pre-Funded Warrant and the accompanying June 2022 Common Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of 2.57, for aggregate gross proceeds of 5.0 million before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Pre-Funded Warrants are funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of 0.0001 and are exercisable commencing on the Closing Date and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Series C Warrants and the Series D Warrants have an exercise price of 2.32 per share and can be exercised for a period of 5 years and 2 years respectively from the date of issuance. 
 Proceeds of the June 2022 Direct Offering were allocated between common shares and warrants first by allocating proceeds to the warrants classified as a liability based on their fair value and then allocating the residual to the equity instruments, which includes the Pre-Funded Warrants. The fair value of the liability-classified warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model, resulting in an initial warrant liability of 4,046,836 for the Series C Warrants and 3,080,121 for the Series D Warrants. Because the fair value of the liability classified warrant exceeds the total proceeds, no consideration was allocated to the Common Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants and a loss of 2,126,955 was immediately recognized in the net loss of the period as there were no additional rights or privileges identified. Total issue costs related to this private placement of 465,211, was recorded under finance costs. 
 On October 11, 2022, the Company closed a registered direct offering October 2022 Direct Offering of 3,208,557 of its Common Shares and warrants Series E Warrants to purchase up to 6,417,114 Common Shares in the concurrent Private Placement. The combined purchase price for one Common Share and one warrant was 1.87. The Series E Warrants have an exercise price of 1.62 per Common Share, are exercisable immediately following the date of issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company received gross proceeds of 6,000,002 and net proceeds of 5,135,002 after deducting the placement agent fees and expenses, and the Company s offering expenses. Based on the fair value of the warrants as at the date of closing, which was determined using a Black-Scholes model, the Company recorded the full proceeds to liabilities, with an initial liability of 7,029,614 and a loss on initial recognition of 1,029,614. Because the fair value of the liability classified warrant exceeded the total proceeds, no consideration was allocated to the Common Shares. Total issue costs related to this offering of 865,000 were recorded under finance costs. 
 On January 12, 2023, Neptune closed on a senior secured notes financing (such notes, the Notes for gross proceeds of 4,000,000 with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and Symbolic Logic, Inc. (collectively, the Noteholders ). Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Company also issued to the Noteholders warrants January 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 850,000 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.53 per common share. The fair value of the warrants as at the date of closing was determined using a Black-Scholes model. 
 On March 10, 2023, Sprout issued promissory notes for gross proceeds of 300,000 to various investors. Pursuant to the terms of those promissory notes, the Company also issued to these investors warrants March 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 111,111 shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for 5 years following the initial issuance at a price of 0.54 per common share. The aggregate fair value on issuance of the March 2023 Warrants was 0.0 million. 
 Estimating the fair value of bonus-based on market conditions (note 16(c) of the consolidated financial statements) 

According to the employment agreement with the CEO, a long-term incentive of 15 million is payable if the Company s US market capitalization is at least 1 billion. The Company uses a risk-neutral Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair-value of this instrument and recognizes the incentive over the estimated period to reach the market capitalization . The incentive is being recognized over the estimated period to reach the market capitalization. The risk-neutral Monte-Carlo simulation uses level 3 inputs. The assumptions used in the simulation include a risk free-rate of 3.48 and a volatility of 81.02 for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 (respectively 2.32 and 67.35 for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022). An increase or decrease in the volatility assumption significantly impacts the fair value of the long-term incentive. 
 Judgment related to revenue recognition in determining whether the Company is the principal or the agent for the arrangements with suppliers of products the Company does not manufacture. 

The Company may be involved with other parties, including suppliers of products, in providing goods or services to a customer when it enters into revenue transactions for the sale of products that it does not manufacture. In these instances, the Company must determine whether it is a principal in these transactions by evaluating the nature of its promise to the customer. The Company is a principal and records revenue on a gross basis if it controls a promised good before transferring that good to the customer. On the other hand, the Company records revenue as the net amount when it does not meet the criteria to be considered a principal. 
 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND FUTURE ACCOUNTING CHANGES 
 The accounting policies and basis of measurement applied in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are the same other than as disclosed, if any, in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 As a result of a significant portion of its revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities being denominated in US dollars and the increasing American scope of its operations, Neptune changed its functional currency from Canadian dollars CAD to U.S. dollars USD ), effective October 1, 2022. This change in functional currency has been applied prospectively from the date of the change. 
 
 50 

ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING SECURITIES 
 The following table details the number of issued and outstanding securities as at the date of this MD A: 

Number of Securities Issued and Outstanding 

Common shares 
 
 21,822,149 

Share options 
 
 677,978 

Deferred share units 
 
 4,308 

Restricted share units 
 
 2,789 

Warrants 
 
 26,683,271 

Total number of securities 
 
 49,190,495 

The Company s common shares are being traded on NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol NEPT . Effective August 15, 2022, the Company's common shares no longer trade on the TSX. Each option, restricted share, restricted share unit, deferred share unit and warrant is exercisable into one common share to be issued from the treasury of the Company. 

51 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements, the Financial Statement Schedule, and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are filed in a separate section following Part IV, as shown on the index under Item 15, Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule, within this Annual Report. 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 

52 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 INTERNAL CONTROLS DISCLOSURE 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures DC P and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting ICFR 
 As required by applicable rules of the SEC, Management is responsible for the establishment and maintenance of DC P and ICFR. Our DC P and ICFR has been designed based on the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO Framework to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Regardless of how well the DC P and ICFR are designed, internal controls have inherent limitations and can only provide reasonable assurance that the controls are providing reliable financial reporting information in accordance with US GAAP. These inherent limitations include, but are not limited to, human error and circumvention of controls and as such, there can be no assurance that the controls will prevent or detect all misstatements due to errors or fraud, if any. 
 Evaluation of DC P 
 The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), with assistance from other members of management, have evaluated the design and effectiveness of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures as of March 31, 2023 and, based on their evaluation, have concluded that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures were not effective as of that date due to a material weaknesses disclosed below. 
 Internal controls over financial reporting ICFR 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with US GAAP. 
 Internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or overriding of controls. Because of the inherent limitations, only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation can be provided and misstatements may not be prevented or detected. Management evaluated the design and effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework 2013. Based on its evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023 due to material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 Consistent with March 31, 2022, the Company did not effectively design, implement and operate effective process-level control activities related to its key processes (such as the financial reporting process (including consolidation and journal entries), the purchase to pay process (including cutoff), the inventory process, the order to cash process and the equity process (financial instruments and stock-based compensation), account level assertions and disclosures, including entity level controls and information technology general controls ITGCs ). 
 Further, there were inadequate controls over user and privileged access to information technology (IT) systems for multiple components to adequately restrict access to appropriate finance and IT personnel and enforce appropriate segregation of duties. As a result, process-level automated control activities and manual control activities that are dependent upon information derived from IT systems were also ineffective. The pervasive nature of these deficiencies contributed to the other material weaknesses below:	 
 Inadequate oversight processes and procedures to guide individuals in applying internal control over financial reporting to prevent or timely detect material accounting errors and ensuring adherence to applicable accounting standards; 

Ineffective risk assessment process, including (i) potential for fraud and (ii) identification and assessment of changes in the business that could impact our system of internal controls; 

Ineffective design and implementation of control activities, general controls over technology and deployment of policies and procedures; 

Relevant and quality information to support the functioning of internal controls was not consistently generated, used, or reviewed by the Company; 

The Company did not sufficiently select, develop, and perform ongoing evaluations to determine that components of internal control are present and functioning; 

The evaluation and communication process of internal control deficiencies was not timely; 

Inability to prepare on a timely basis the financial statements, supporting accounting records and account reconciliations; and 

Lack of sufficient complement of personnel with an appropriate level of knowledge and experience. 

Lack of review of the information communicated to management's expert and the impairment analysis performed by management's expert. 

As a result of these deficiencies, material misstatements were identified and corrected in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended March 31, 2023. Because there is a reasonable possibility that material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, we concluded the deficiencies represent material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023. 
 Our CEO and CFO have taken additional steps to support that the financial statements as of and for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 are presented fairly in accordance with US GAAP. 
 53 

Changes in ICFR 
 For the quarter ended March 31, 2023, the Company has concluded that there were no changes in its ICFR that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect the Company s ICFR for the three-month period ended March 31, 2023. 
 We are a non-accelerated filer under the Exchange Act and not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Therefore, this annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding our management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting. 
 Remediation Plan 
 Beginning during the year ended March 31, 2021, and under the direction of our CEO and CFO, we have been developing a comprehensive plan to remediate the identified material weaknesses. We began implementing certain measures as part of the remediation plan including: (i) development of a detailed remediation plan addressing the material weaknesses related to the control environment, risk assessment and monitoring, (ii) institution of policies and processes to support the functioning of internal controls over financial reporting, (iii) design of a comprehensive risk assessment process, (iv) process level and IT general controls design enhancement and (v) hiring of individuals with appropriate skills and experience. 
 The turnover in accounting personnel experienced in the last nine months has delayed the implementation of the remediation plan. We remain committed to the identification, design and implementation of steps still needed to remediate the material weaknesses in our internal controls and to ensure that our internal controls over financial reporting will be designed and operating effectively by: 
 Addressing the material weaknesses related to information and communication. 

Continuing to institute policies and processes to support the functioning of internal controls over financial reporting. 

Implementing a comprehensive and continuous risk assessment process to identify and assess risks of material misstatement (including fraud risks). 

Ensuring the proper implementation and operating effectiveness of process-level and IT general controls that support automated and manual control activities. 

Establishing an adequate reporting structure to ensure authority guidelines and reinforcing communications protocols, including required information and expectations, to enable personnel to carry out their responsibilities and producing accurate financial reports. 

Reinforcing internal control and financial reporting expertise across the organization. 

Holding individuals accountable for their role related to internal control and providing continuous training. 

Designing and implementing additional monitoring controls to assess the consistent operation of controls and to remediate deficiencies in a timely manner. 

The material weaknesses being addressed by the above-mentioned remediation plan will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time, and management concludes, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. This has not occurred to date. 
 Although we have commenced the remediation process and intend to complete it as promptly as possible, we cannot estimate how long it will take to remediate these material weaknesses. In addition, new material weaknesses may be discovered that require additional time and resources to remediate. Until the remediation is complete, we plan to continue to perform additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with US GAAP. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 54 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The information required by this item will be disclosed in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A (Proxy Statement) for our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. Our Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the year ended March 31, 2023, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item will be disclosed in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this item will be disclosed in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item will be disclosed in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item will be disclosed in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

55 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 Refer to Part IV, Consolidated Financial Statements, on page F-1 within this Annual Report for our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Translation of Articles of Incorporation, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

3.2 
 
 Translation of Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 13, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

3.3 
 
 General By-Law (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

3.4 
 
 Advance Notice By-Law (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10 K filed on July 8, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated July 13, 2022, issued in favor of NH Expansion Credit Fund Holdings LP by Sprout Foods, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8 K filed on July 13, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.3 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Share Purchase Warrant (March 2022 Pre-Funded Warrant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Company s Form 6-K filed on March 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Series A Common Share Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Company s Form 6-K filed on March 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Series B Common Share Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to the Company s Form 6-K filed on March 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Series C and D Common Share Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Common Share Purchase Warrant (June 2022 Pre-Funded Warrant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Series E Common Share Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Series C Common Stock Purchase Warrant between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. and Armistice Capital Master Fund Ltd, dated October 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated January 12, 2023 (including a schedule of all executed warrants adopting the same form in respect of each of the purchasers) (January 2023 Warrant) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 13, 2023) 

4.11 
 
 Form of Common Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

4.12 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

4.13 
 
 Form of Warrant Amendment (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

10.1# 
 
 Stock Option Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.2# 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.3# 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.4# 
 
 Form of Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.5# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.6# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Michael Cammarata dated July 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.7# 
 
 Letter Agreement by and between the Registrant and Michael Cammarata dated November 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.8# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and John Wirt dated August 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.9 
 
 Secured Promissory Note issued by Sprout Foods, Inc. to NH Expansion Credit Fund Holdings LP, dated February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.10# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Raymond Silcock dated June 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

56 

10.11# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between the Registrant and Raymond Silcock dated June 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc., and each purchaser identified therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Company s Form 6-K filed on March 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.13 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 21, 2022, by and between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. and certain institutional investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed on November 7, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.14 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. and the Purchasers, dated October 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed on November 7, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.15 
 
 Leak-Out Agreement between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. and the Purchasers, dated October 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed on November 7, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein). 

10.16 
 
 Letter Agreement between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, dated March 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Company s Form 6-K filed on March 14, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.17 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement between Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.18 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among N Real Estate L.P., Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc., 9354-7537 Quebec Inc. and PurCann Pharma Inc., dated October 16, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 18, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.19 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Sprout Foods, Inc., Neptune Growth Ventures, Inc. and NH Expansion Credit Fund Holdings LP, dated February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.20 
 
 First Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Sprout Foods, Inc., Neptune Growth Ventures, Inc. and NH Expansion Credit Fund Holdings LP, dated July 13, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 15, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 

10.21 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and among the Company and each of the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 13, 2023) 

10.22 
 
 Form of Promissory Note, dated January 12, 2023 (including a schedule of all executed promissory notes adopting the same form in respect of each of the Purchasers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 13, 2023) 

10.23 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and among the Company and each of the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 13, 2023) 

10.24 
 
 Invoice Purchase and Security Agreement between Sprout Foods, Inc. and the Alterna Capital Solutions LLC dated effective January 20, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2023) 

10.25 
 
 Commercial Guaranty by the Company in favor of Alterna Capital Solutions LLC dated effective January 20, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 26, 2023) 

10.26 
 
 Waiver and First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated March 9, 2023, by and among the Company and each of the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 14, 2023) 

10.27 
 
 Third Amended and Restated Stockholders Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and among Sprout Foods, Inc., Neptune Growth Ventures, Inc., NH Expansion Credit Fund Holdings L.P., and the other Stockholders listed on the signature pages thereto. 

10.28 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

10.29 
 
 Amendment to Invoice Purchase and Security Agreement between Sprout Foods, Inc. and the Lender dated effective April 21, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 10, 2023) 

10.30 
 
 Inventory Finance Rider between Sprout Foods, Inc. and the Lender, dated effective April 21, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 10, 2023) 

10.31 
 
 Waiver and Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated May 22, 2023, by and among the Company, Neptune Growth Ventures, Inc., Sprout Foods, Inc. and each of the Purchasers named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 26, 2023) 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022) 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form F-3 filed on January 28, 2022) 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial and Accounting Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

# 
 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Certain identified information has been excluded from the exhibit pursuant to Item 601(a) (6) and/or Item 601(b) (10) (iv) of Regulation S-K 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

57 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

58 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Cammarata 

Michael Cammarata 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael Cammarata 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Michael Cammarata 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Raymond Silcock 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Raymond Silcock 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Julie Phillips 
 
 Chair of the Board 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Julie Phillips 

/s/ Joseph Buaron 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Joseph Buaron 

/s/ Ronald Denis 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Ronald Denis 

/s/ Michael De Geus 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Michael De Geus 

/s/ Philip Sanford 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

Philip Sanford 

59 

Consolidated Financial Statements of 
 
 neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

F- 1 

neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Auditor PCAOB Firm ID: 85) 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 9 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss, changes in equity, and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception, had an accumulated deficit, and trade and other payables exceed its total current assets at March 31, 2023. The Company is required to actively manage its liquidity and expenses and payments of payables are not being made as the amounts become due. The Company requires funding in the very near term in order to continue its operations. If the Company is unable to obtain funding in the very near-term, it may have to cease operations and liquidate its assets. These conditions cast substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Valuation of goodwill and tradenames related to Sprout 
 F- 3 

As discussed in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s tradenames intangible asset balance and the goodwill balance related to Sprout were written down to nil as of March 31, 2023. As discussed in note 3(l), the Company s long-lived assets, including amortizable tradename intangible assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company identified triggers of impairment related to its long-lived assets and recorded impairment charges totaling 17,979,060 for Sprout trademarks during fiscal 2023. The Company also assesses goodwill impairment and compared the carrying amount of the Sprout reporting unit to the fair value, and recorded goodwill impairment charges totaling 19,542,436 during fiscal 2023. The fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow model and for trademark intangible assets, the Company used the relief from royalty model. Significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, weighted average cost of capital and terminal value, and for trademarks, the relief from royalty rate. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of tradenames and goodwill impairment analysis as a critical audit matter. Subjective auditor judgement was involved in evaluating the valuation models used and the significant assumptions used to determine the fair values. Minor changes to certain of the significant assumptions had a significant effect on the Company s estimate of the fair values. Additionally, the audit effort associated with the estimate requires specialized skills and knowledge. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We compared revenue growth rates, gross margins and net working capital investment to historical actual results and to the Company s most recent plans. In addition, we involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in: 
 Assessing the appropriateness of the valuation models used by the Company 

Comparing the discount rate used by the Company in the valuation to discount rate ranges that were independently developed using publicly available market data for comparable companies 

Comparing the terminal value used by the Company to economic growth forecast 

Comparing the fair value of the trademarks used by the Company to an independently developed amount using the excess earnings method. 

/s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

Montreal, Quebec July 14, 2023 
 
 F- 4 

neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in U.S. dollars) 

As at 
 
 As at 

Notes 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investment 

Trade and other receivables 
 5 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories 
 6 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 
 7 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 
 8 

Intangible assets 
 9 

Goodwill 
 9 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 
 10 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Loans and borrowings 
 13 

Deferred revenues 

Provisions 
 11 

Liability related to warrants 
 12 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Loans and borrowings 
 13 

Other liability 
 16(c) 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders' Equity (Deficiency): 

Share capital - without par value shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2022) 
 14 

Warrants 
 16(e) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Deficit 

Total equity (deficiency) attributable to equity holders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 
 15 

Total shareholders' equity (deficiency) 

Commitments and contingencies 
 22 

Subsequent events 
 25 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity (deficiency) 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

On behalf of the Board: 

/s/ Julie Philips 
 
 /s/ Michael Cammarata 

Julie Philips 
 
 Michael Cammarata 

Chairman of the Board 
 
 President and CEO 

F- 5 

neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in U.S. dollars) 

Years ended 

Notes 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Revenue from sales, net of excise taxes of (2022 - 

Royalty revenues 

Other revenues 

Total revenues 
 23 

Cost of sales other than impairment loss on inventories, net of subsidies of (2022 - 

Impairment loss on inventories 
 6 

Total Cost of sales 

Gross profit (loss) 

Research and development expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses, net of subsidies of (2022 - 

Impairment loss related to intangible assets 
 9 

Impairment loss related to property, plant and equipment 
 7 

Impairment loss on assets held for sale 
 4 

Impairment loss on right of use assets 

Impairment loss related to goodwill 
 9 

Net gain (loss) on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Loss from operating activities 

Finance income 

Finance costs 

Loss on issuance of derivatives 
 12 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 

Change in revaluation of marketable securities 

Gain on revaluation of derivatives 
 12, 21 

Loss on settlement of liability 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax recovery 
 18 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Net change in unrealized foreign currency gains (losses) on translation of net investments in foreign operations (tax effect of nil for all periods) 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

Total comprehensive loss 

Net loss attributable to: 

Equity holders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 
 15 

Net loss 

Total comprehensive loss attributable to: 

Equity holders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 
 15 

Total comprehensive loss 

Basic loss per share attributable to: 

Common Shareholders of the Company 
 19 

Diluted loss per share attributable to: 

Common Shareholders of the Company 
 19 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares 
 19 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 (in U.S. dollars) 

Accumulated 

other 

comprehensive 

Share Capital 

loss 

Notes 
 
 Number 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Warrants 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 
 Cumulative translation account 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 Equity attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 Total 

Balance as at March 31, 2022 

Net loss for the period 

Other comprehensive loss for the period 

Total comprehensive loss for the period 

Transaction with equity holders recorded directly in equity 

Contributions by and distribution to equity holders 

Share-based payment 
 16 

Common shares and warrants issued in connection with debt financing 
 13, 14(f), 14(g) 

Common shares issued in exchange of services rendered by non-employees 
 14(j) 

Warrants reclassified from liability 
 12, 14(f) 

Warrants exercised 
 12 

RSUs released, net of withholding taxes 
 14(d), 16(b)(ii) 

Direct Offering (including pre-funded warrants), net of issuance costs 
 14(h), 14(i) 

Total contributions by and distribution to equity holders 

Balance as at March 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Continued) 
 (in U.S. dollars) 

Accumulated 

other 

comprehensive 

Share Capital 

loss 

Notes 
 
 Number 
 
 Dollars 
 
 Warrants 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 
 Cumulative translation account 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company 
 
 Equity attributable to non-controlling interest 
 
 Total 

Balance as at March 31, 2021 

Net loss for the period 

Other comprehensive income for the period 

Total comprehensive loss for the period 

Transaction with equity holders recorded directly in equity 

Contributions by and distribution to equity holders 

Share-based payment 
 16 

Warrants in exchange of services rendered by non-employees 
 14(f) 

RSUs released, net of withholding taxes 
 14(d), 16(b)(ii) 

Direct Offering, net of issuance costs 
 14(h), 14(i) 

Total contributions by and distribution to equity holders 

Balance as at March 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 8 

neptune WELLNESS SOLUTIONS inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in U.S. dollars) 

Years ended 

Notes 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments: 

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment 

Non-cash lease expense 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Impairment loss on goodwill 
 9 

Share-based payment 
 16 

Impairment loss on inventories 
 6 

Expected credit losses 

Non-employee compensation related to warrants 
 14(f) 

Loss on issuance of derivatives 

Net finance expense 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss 

Change in revaluation of marketable securities 

Interest received 

Interest paid 

Loss on settlement of liability 

Revaluation of derivatives 

Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment 
 7 

Impairment loss on assets held for sale 
 4 

Impairment loss on right-of-use assets 

Impairment loss on intangibles 
 9 

Common shares issued in exchange of services rendered by non-employees 

Payment of lease liabilities 

Net loss on sale of property, plant and equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 
 20(a) 

Income taxes paid 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds on sale of assets 

Net proceeds from the sale of Cannabis assets 
 4 

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 

Acquisition of intangible assets 

Sales of Acasti shares 
 21 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Increase in loans and borrowings, net of financing fees 

Withholding taxes paid pursuant to the settlement of non-treasury RSUs 

Gross proceeds from the issuance of shares and warrants through a Direct Offering 
 12 

Proceeds from the issuance of shares and warrants through a Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market and Concurrent Private Placement 
 12 

Warrants issuance costs 
 12 

Proceeds from exercise of options and pre-funded warrants 
 12 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) on cash and cash equivalents 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents as at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Cash and cash equivalents is comprised of: 

Cash 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 9 
 
 neptune wellness solutions inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 interest. Neptune is a diversified and fully integrated health and wellness company. Through its flagship consumer-facing brands, Neptune Wellness, Forest Remedies , Biodroga, MaxSimil , Sprout , Nosh and NurturMe , Neptune is redefining health and wellness by building a broad portfolio of natural, plant-based, sustainable and purpose-driven lifestyle brands and consumer packaged goods products in key health and wellness markets, including nutraceuticals and organic baby food. On June 8, 2022, Neptune announced the launch of a new Consumer Packaged Goods CPG focused strategic plan to reduce costs, improve the Company's path to profitability and enhance current shareholder value. This plan builds on the Company's initial strategic review that took place in fall of 2021 and focuses on two primary actions: (1) the divestiture of the Company's Canadian cannabis business and (2) a realignment of focus and operational resources toward increasing the value of Neptune's CPG business. Sale of Cannabis Assets On October 17, 2022, Neptune announced an agreement to sell substantially all of its Cannabis assets (including, but not limited to, the production facility located in Sherbrooke, Qu bec and certain legal entities including various related brand names and trademarks, including MoodRing and PanHash) to PurCann Pharma Inc. These assets were reported as Assets Held For Sale AHFS as of September 30, 2022. On November 9, 2022 the sale to PurCann Pharma Inc. was completed. Share consolidation and delisting from TSX On June 9, 2022, Neptune announced the completion of the Company's proposed consolidation of its common shares (the Common Shares on the basis of one (1) post-consolidation Common Share for every thirty-five (35) pre-consolidation Common Shares (the Share Consolidation ). The post-consolidation Common Shares commenced trading on the NASDAQ and the TSX at the market open on June 13, 2022. The Share Consolidation reduced the number of Common Shares issued and outstanding from approximately million Common Shares to approximately million Common Shares as at June 13, 2022. These consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Share Consolidation. As a result, the number of common shares, options, deferred share units DSUs ), restricted share units RSUs ), restricted shares and warrants, issuance and exercise prices of options, DSUs, RSUs, restricted shares and warrants, loss per share reflect the Share Consolidation. On July 29, 2022, Neptune announced that it has applied and received approval for a voluntary delisting of its common shares from the Toronto Stock Exchange TSX ). The delisting from the TSX will not affect the Company's listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq ). Neptune's common shares were delisted from the TSX at the close of trading on August 15, 2022. Going concern These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which presumes that the Company will continue realizing its assets and discharging its liabilities in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. The Company has incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. To date, the Company has financed its operations primarily through the public offering and private placement of Common Share units, consisting of Common Shares and warrants, convertible debt, the proceeds from research grants and research tax credits, and the exercises of warrants, rights and options. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of million and negative cash flows from operations of million , and had an accumulated deficit of million as of March 31, 2023. For the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, the Company incurred a net loss of million and negative cash flows from operations of million . Furthermore, as at March 31, 2023, the Company s trade and other payables exceed its total current assets. Accordingly, the Company is required to actively manage its liquidity and expenses and payments of payables are not being made as the amounts become due. In addition, the Company defaulted on certain conditions of its notes and while the defaults were subsequently waived (see notes 13 and 25), there is no assurance as to the Company's ability to continue to comply with the terms in fiscal 2024. As of the date these financial statements are authorized for issuance, there is minimal cash balance. The Company requires funding in the very near term in order to continue its operations. The Company s lack of cash resources and current share price may adversely affect its ability to raise new capital and execute its business strategy. If the Company is unable to obtain funding in the very near-term, it may have to cease operations and liquidate its assets. These conditions cast substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Going forward, the Company will seek additional financing in various forms. To achieve the objectives of its business plan, Neptune plans to raise the necessary funds through additional securities offerings and the establishment of strategic alliances. The ability of the Company to complete the needed financing and ultimately achieve profitable operations is dependent on a number of factors outside of the Company s control and subject to market conditions. The Company s business plan is dependent upon, among other things, its ability to achieve profitability, continue to obtain adequate ongoing debt and/or equity financing to finance operations within and beyond the next twelve months. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the going concern basis not be valid. These adjustments could be material. 

 Estimates include the following: Estimating the write down of inventory. 

 Estimating expected credit losses for receivables. 

 Estimating the recoverable amount of non-financial assets, to determine and measure impairment losses on goodwill, intangibles, and property, plant and equipment. 

 Estimating the lease term of contracts with extension options and termination options. 

 Estimating the revenue from contracts with customers subject to variable consideration. 

 Estimating the fair value of bonus, options and warrants that are based on market and non-market conditions (note 12). 

 Estimating the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and consideration transferred of the acquired business, including the related contingent consideration and call option. 

 Estimating the litigation provision as it depends upon the outcome of proceedin gs (note 11). 

interest in Sprout Foods, Inc. Sprout or Sprout Foods ). The accounts of the subsidiary are included in the consolidated financial statements from that date. 

at the time of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents consist of time deposits with a number of U.S. and non-U.S. commercial banks and money market fund investments. 

to years 

Laboratory, and plant equipment 

to years 

Furniture and office equipment 

to 

Computer equipment 

to years 

License agreements 

to 

Website and trademarks 

Tradenames 

Computer software 

to years 

(ii) Subsequent expenditure: 

 Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditures, including expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands, are recognized in profit or loss as incurred. 

For the purposes of annual impairment testing, the carrying amounts of goodwill are allocated to the reporting units. In conducting its annual impairment test, the Company first reviews qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. Factors considered in a qualitative assessment include, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, financial performance of the respective reporting unit and other relevant entity and reporting-unit specific considerations. If factors indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs a quantitative assessment. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by analyzing scenarios of business projections and sensitivities attempting to model various assumptions as to how the revenues and cash flows of the business may evolve depending on factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors and overall financial performance specific to the reporting unit. The Company estimates the fair values of its reporting units based on discounted cash flow DCF methodology reflecting the latest projections. 

. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheets; the Company recognizes lease expense for these leases over their lease term . 
 Equity based awards, consisting of RSUs, DSUs and cash bonus based on the price of the Company common share price, are initially measured based on the fair value of the share-based payment awards at grant date. The cash bonus is remeasured at the end of each reporting period, until settlement. The fair value of the share-based payment transactions is measured using the Black-Scholes model. Measurement inputs include share price on measurement date, exercise price of the instrument, expected volatility (based on the historical volatility), weighted average expected life of the instruments (based on contractual life, tranche vesting term and general option holder behavior), expected dividends, and the risk-free interest rate (based on government bonds). Service and non-market performance conditions attached to the transactions, if any, are not taken into account in determining fair value. Certain instruments have a market condition considered in the determination of the fair value of the award. The fair value of those awards considers the market condition and is determined generally using a Monte Carlo simulation model. 

In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments by requiring measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held. ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019, and earlier adoption is permitted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates ASU 2019-10 ). The purpose of this amendment is to create a two-tier rollout of major updates, staggering the effective dates between larger public companies and all other entities. This granted certain classes of companies, including Smaller Reporting Companies SRCs ), additional time to implement major FASB standards, including ASU 2016-13. Larger public companies will still have an effective date for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. All other entities are permitted to defer adoption of ASU 2016-13, and its related amendments, until the earlier of fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company will adopt ASU 2016-13 for its fiscal year beginning April 1, 2023, and the Company s evaluation of the potential impact of adoption is in process. 

CAD), with cost to sell the Canadian cannabis disposal group asset in the amount of , for net assets held for sale of , resulting in an impairment loss of for the year ended March 31, 2023. The transaction closed on November 9, 2022. (b) Acquisition of a controlling interest in Sprout Foods: 

 On , Neptune acquired a equity interest in Sprout Foods, Inc. Sprout or Sprout Foods ). Sprout s other equity interest owners granted Neptune a call option (the Call Option to purchase the remaining outstanding equity interests of Sprout, at any time beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2023. The total consideration payable for the additional shares Call Shares upon the exercise of the Call Option and the closing of Neptune's acquisition of the Call Shares would be equal to the total equity value of the Call Shares, which would be based upon the applicable percentage acquired by Neptune of the total enterprise value for Sprout. As at the close of the transaction, the value of the asset related to the Call Option was determined to be , representing the difference between the market price and the contract value of the Call Option, discounted at a rate of and assuming the transaction would take place on January 1, 2023. . As at March 31, 2022, the fair value of the asset was remeasured to , generating a loss on re-measurement of accounted under revaluation of derivatives for the year ended on that date. As at March 31, 2023 , the fair value of the asset remains . 

Sales taxes receivable 

Accrued and other receivables 

Tax credits receivable 

Grants and subsidies receivables 

wage and rent subsidies related to the Canada Emergency Wage Subsidy (CEWS) and Canada Emergency Rent Subsidy (CERS) were recorded during the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022 with receivable as at March 31, 2022). For the year ended March 31, 2022, this has been recorded in cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses, against the related salary and rent expenses, in the amounts of and respectively. 

Past due 0-30 days 

Past due 31-120 days 

Past due over 121 days 

Trade receivables 

Less expected credit loss 

Bad debt expense 

Foreign exchange loss 

Recoveries collected 

Balance, end of year 

Credit risk is the risk of a loss if a customer or counterparty to a financial asset fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises primarily from the Company s trade receivables. The Company may also have credit risk relating to cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments, which are managed by dealing only with highly-rated Canadian institutions. The carrying amount of these financial assets, as disclosed in the consolidated statements of financial position, represents the Company s credit exposure at the reporting date. The Company s trade receivables and credit exposure fluctuate throughout the year. The Company s average trade receivables and credit exposure during the year may be higher than the balance at the end of that reporting period. As at March 31, 2023 , customer accounted for more than of total trade receivables included in trade and other receivables, respectively representing , , and of those accounts. As at March 31, 2022, customer accounted for more than of total trade accounts included in trade and other receivables. Most of the Company's customers are distributors for a given territory and are privately-held or publicly owned companies. The profile and credit quality of the Company s customers vary significantly. Adverse changes in a customer s financial position could cause the Company to limit or discontinue conducting business with that customer, require the Company to assume more credit risk relating to that customer s future purchases or result in uncollectible accounts receivable from that customer. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on business, consolidated results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The Company s extension of credit to customers involves judgment and is based on an evaluation of each customer s financial condition and payment history. From time to time, the Company will temporarily transact with customers on a prepayment basis where circumstances warrant. The Company s credit controls and processes cannot eliminate credit risk. During the year ended March 31, 2023 , the Company transacted with a few new customers, for which financial positions deteriorated during the year. The Company has recorded specific provisions related to these customers. 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Supplies and spare parts 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, inventories have been reduced by and respectively, as a result of a write-down to their net realizable value, which is included in cost of sales. 

 F- 19 
 
 neptune wellness solutions inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Building and building components 

Laboratory and plant equipment 

Furniture and office equipment 

Computer equipment 

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation and impairment losses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

As at September 30, 2022, property, plant and equipment related to the Canadian cannabis asset group were classified as assets held for sale on the balance sheet (refer to note 4). As indicated in note 4, the Cannabis related assets were written down, resulting in an impairment loss of for the year ended March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2 022, the Company identified a trigger of impairment related to its Canadian cannabis asset group and recorded an impairment charge of . Impairment indicators such as increased operating losses, decline in the share price and negative industry and economic trends were identified in the fourth quarter. The fair value of the asset group was determined to be less than the carrying value, resulting in an impairment loss of of the building and components and to the laboratory and plant equipment. After impairment, the carrying value of the Canadian cannabis asset group as of March 31, 2022 was which included the production facility land and building of and equipment of . The fair value of the asset group was determined using the market multiple valuation approach with the significant assumption of market revenue multiple. The fair value of the individual assets of land, building and equipment was determined using market prices for comparable asset (level 3). Previously during that year, the Company impaired the equipment of the Canadian cannabis long-lived assets that were subject to impairment write downs as of March 31, 2021. As at September 30, 2021, the fair value of these long-lived assets was established to be nil and as such an impairment charge of was recorded. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company disposed of office equipment resulting in a gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment of . In addition, the Company wrote off deposits with a vendor to purchase assets that are not going to be delivered, representing a loss of . During the second quarter of the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company impaired certain equipment of the Canadian cannabis long lived assets and the long-lived assets of the Sugarleaf reporting unit. The fair value of these assets were determined to nil, resulting in impairment losses of to other long lived assets. 

2022 - ). During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company entered into no significant operating leases. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment loss on right of use assets of due to relinquishment of facility. Additional information related to operating leases was as follows: 

Non-current 

Total 

Operating cash inflow payments for sublease classified as operating lease 

Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Weighted-average operating lease discount rate 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

Total lease liabilities payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

F- 21 
 
 neptune wellness solutions inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

License agreements 

Tradenames 

- 

Intangible assets 

(19,506,060 

Goodwill 

N/A 

As at March 31, 2022 
 
 Cost 
 
 Accumulated amortization 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses 
 
 Net 
 
 Weighted remaining average useful life (in years) 

Non-compete agreements 

- 

Customer relationships 

Farmer relationships 

- 

Patents 

- 

License agreements 

Website and trademarks 

Computer software 

Tradenames 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

N/A 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss 

() 

Effect of movements in exchange rates 

Balance as at March 31, 2022 

Impairment loss 

() 

Effect of movements in exchange rates 

() 

Balance as at March 31, 2023 

An impairment test of goodwill is performed on an annual basis, or more frequently if an impairment indicator is triggered. Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the reporting unit to which goodwill is allocated and comparing it to the reporting units carrying amount. For the purpose of impairment testing, this represents the lowest level within the Company at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. 

Sprout 

(a) Annual impairment testing of Biodroga: 

 The Company performed its annual impairment testing of the Biodroga goodwill as at March 31, 2023 and 2022. The fair value of the Biodroga reporting unit's operations was determined to be higher than the carrying value and resulted in impairment of goodwill recorded in the year ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022. The fair value of the reporting unit was estimated using discounted cash flow model with a WACC pre-tax discount rate of (2022 and also used the market multiples valuation approach. The discount rate represents the WACC for comparable companies operating in similar industries as the reporting unit, based on publicly available information. Determination of the WACC requires separate analysis of the cost of equity and debt, and considers a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows of the reporting unit. We believe these assumptions are consistent with the assumptions that a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. Cash flows were projected based on past experience, actual operating results and the three-year business plan including a terminal growth rate of (2022 ). The most significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values using discounted cash flow model included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, terminal value as well as the discount rate. These significant assumptions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, signifying that they are not based on observable market data. Should these projections not be realized, an impairment loss may be needed in future periods. As at March 31, 2023 and 2022, the assumptions used in determining the fair value were not subject to a degree of uncertainty that would have caused impairment to be recorded as there was sufficient headroom between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying value. The model is particularly sensitive to the future expected cash flows in the upcoming periods, should these not be realized, an impairment loss may be needed in future periods. (b) Impairment testing of Sprout: 

 During the fourth quarter of year ended March 31, 2023, the Company performed an annual impairment testing of the Sprout goodwill. The Company compared the carrying amount of the reporting unit to the fair value. The fair value of the Sprout reporting unit was determined to be lower than the carrying value and a goodwill impairment loss was recorded in the fourth quarter of the year ended March 31, 2023, resulting in no goodwill remaining. The fair value of the reporting unit was estimated using a discounted cash flow model with a WACC pre-tax discount rate of . The discount rate represents the WACC for comparable companies operating in similar industries as the reporting unit, based on publicly available information. Determination of the WACC requires separate analysis of the cost of equity and debt, and considers a risk premium based on an assessment of risks related to the projected cash flows of the reporting unit. During the fourth quarter of the year ended March 31, 2023, all of the trademark intangible assets on Sprouts books were also impaired, which resulted in an impairment of . These impairments were mostly due to revised expected cash inflows based on the Company's latest projections. During the third quarter of the year ended March 31, 2023 due to the Company s sustained decrease in share price, the Company concluded a triggering event occurred and performed a quantitative impairment test for the Sprout reporting unit. Based on the results of the Company s third quarter impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of the Sprout reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and no impairment was recognized. During the second quarter of year ended March 31, 2023, there were changes in the general economic and financial conditions of the markets the Company serves. The Company s Sprout reporting unit was adversely impacted during the second quarter of 2022 by these conditions, which impacted the operating results. Accordingly, management concluded that these factors were indicators of impairment. As a result, management performed an impairment test for the Sprout reporting unit, for which it revised its assumptions on projected earnings and cash flows growth, as well as its assumptions on discount rates used to apply to the forecasted cash flows, using its best estimate of the conditions existing at September 30, 2022. The Company compared the carrying amount of the reporting unit to the fair value. The fair value of the Sprout reporting unit was determined to be lower than the carrying value and a goodwill impairment loss was recorded in the quarter ended September 30, 2022. Due to the impairment losses recorded in this quarter, there is no headroom between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying value and therefore, changes in assumptions in future periods may result in additional impairment charges. The Company also identified a trigger or impairment related to its intangible assets and recorded an impairment of for the Sprout trademarks. The fair value was determined using a relief from royalty model. As part of the impairment testing process, during the above periods in fiscal 2023, the Company considered a number of factors including, but not limited to, current macroeconomic conditions such as inflation, economic growth, and interest rate movements, industry and market considerations, stock price performance (including performance relative to peers) and overall financial performance of the Sprout reporting unit. Although management used its best estimate to assess the potential impact of the changes in the general economic conditions on the Company s business, management exercised significant judgment to estimate forecasted cash flows and discount rate, using assumptions which are subject to significant uncertainties. For trademarks, the fair value was determined using a relief from royalty model, for which the rate used is a significant assumption. Cash flows were projected based on past experience, actual operating results and the business plan including a terminal growth rate of . The most significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values using a discounted cash flow model included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, terminal value as well as the discount rate. These significant assumptions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, signifying that they are not based on observable market data. A decrease in the projected cash flow or an increase in discount rate could have resulted in a higher impairment charge. 
 During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company also identified a trigger of impairment related to its intangible assets and recorded an impairment charge of for tradenames. The fair value was determined using a discounted cash flow model. The most significant assumptions used to estimate the fair values using discounted cash flow model included the forecasted revenue, gross margins, net working capital investment, terminal value as well as the discount rate. These significant assumptions are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy, signifying that they are not based on observable market data. A decrease in the projected cash flow or an increase in discount rate could have resulted in an impairment charge. Should these projections not be realized, an impairment loss may be needed in future periods. Due to the impairment losses recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, there is no headroom between the fair value of the reporting unit and its carrying value and therefore, changes in assumptions in future periods may result in additional impairment charges. 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Employee salaries and benefits payable 

Short-term portion of long-term payables 

of the sales and other revenue made by the Company on a consolidated basis are payable by the Company to the Former CEO biannually, but only to the extent that the cost of the royalty would not cause the Company to have a loss before interest, taxes and amortization (in which case, the payments would be deferred to the following fiscal year). 

 As of March 31, 2023, a provision of (March 31, 2022 - has been recorded by the Company. During the current fiscal year, the Company increased the provision by , recorded foreign currency translation adjustments of and made no pa yments to the Former CEO in relation to this provision. During the prior fiscal year, the Company increased the provision by , recorded foreign currency translation adjustments of and made no payments to the Former CEO in relation to this provision. Effective as of September 20, 2022, the Company notified the Former CEO that it was exercising its legal rights to terminate the Royalty Agreement. In response to such termination, the Former CEO is seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company did not have the legal right to terminate the Royalty Agreement. (b) In September 2020, Neptune submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Peter M. Galloway and PMGSL Holdings, LLC (collectively PMGSL in accordance with the SugarLeaf Asset Purchase Agreement APA dated May 9, 2019 between Neptune, PMGSL, Peter M. Galloway and Neptune Holding USA, Inc. Separately, PMGSL submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Neptune. The Neptune claims and PMGSL claims have been consolidated into a single arbitration and each are related to the purchase by Neptune of substantially all of the assets of the predecessor entities of PMGSL Holdings, LLC. Neptune is claiming, among other things, breach of contract and negligent misrepresentation by PMGSL in connection with the APA and is seeking, among other things, equitable restitution and any and all damages recoverable under law. PMGSL is claiming, among other things, breach of contract by Neptune and is seeking, among other things, payment of certain compensation contemplated by the APA. A merit hearing in the arbitration started in April 2022 with a further week of testimony from August 1 to August 5, 2022. On June 15, 2022, a one-day hearing took place on Neptune's motion to enforce a settlement agreement reached on April 2021 (which was repudiated by PMGSL in June 2021). Following oral argument on July 7, 2022, that motion was denied and a fee award of approximately was entered against Neptune. On April 13, 2023, PMGSL filed a lawsuit in Florida Superior Court to collect that fee award. Neptune disputes the Florida Court s jurisdiction in over that action. While Neptune believes there is no merit to the claims brought by PMGSL, a judgment in favor of PMGSL may have a material adverse effect on our business and Neptune intends to continue vigorously defending itself. Based on currently available information, a provision of has been recognized for this case as at March 31, 2023 as at March 31, 2022). 

 (c) A supplier of cannabis initiated a lawsuit against the Company's subsidiary, 9354-7537 Quebec Inc., 9354 for breach of a Wholesale Cannabis Supply Agreement (the Supply Agreement for the purchase of cannabis trim. The purchased trim was rejected by 9354 due to quality concerns. The supplier refused to refund the purchase price and ultimately sued 9354 for breach of the Supply Agreement. The matter proceeded to trial in November 2021, and on March 23, 2022, an arbitrator entered an arbitration award against 9354 for the full purchase price of the trim. With fees and costs, the final arbitrator s award entered against 9354 was , plus applicable interest. During the quarter ended June 30, 2022, the parties engaged into settlement negotiations which resulted in the execution of a settlement agreement dated . As at June 30, 2022, the payable was revised to the settlement amount of which resulted in the recognition of a settlement gain of under Selling, general and administrative expenses for the three-month period ended June 30, 2022. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company made aggregate payments of to the supplier, and recorded foreign currency translation adjustments of . The Company made the final payment on October 12, 2022. This provision was included in trade and other payables. As at March 31, 2023 , the balance of this payable was . 

 (d) On March 16, 2021, a purported shareholder class action was filed in United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company and certain of its current and former officers alleging violations of Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, with respect to the Company s acquisition of SugarLeaf Labs, Inc. On October 21, 2022, the Company announced that it had agreed to settle and resolve the purported shareholder class action for a gross payment to the class of between and million, with the exact amount being within the Company s control and dependent on the type of consideration used. was paid on March 22, 2023. additional payments of each were subsequently made, on April 21, 2023 and May 4, 2023. The court has set a final approval hearing on July 28, 2023. Neptune intends to pay the balance of the settlement in securities worth within 31 days after the Final Approval Order is entered. As of March 31, 2023, an account payable and an accrual totaling and an expense of within selling, general administration have been recorded by the Company as at and for the year ended March 31, 2022). 

 (e) As at March 31, 2023, the Company has various additional other provisions for legal cases for an aggregate amount of (March 31, 2022 . 

On January 12, 2023, Neptune closed on a senior secured notes financing (such notes, the Notes for gross proceeds of with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and Symbolic Logic, Inc. (collectively, the Noteholders ). Pursuant to the terms of the Notes, the Company also issued to the Noteholders warrants January 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for years following the initial issuance at a price of per common share. Based on the fair value of the warrants as at the date of closing, which was determined using a Black-Scholes model, the Company recorded the full proceeds to liabilities, with an initial liability related to warrants of for a fair value of the senior notes of . On October 11, 2022, the Company closed a registered direct offering October 2022 Direct Offering of of its Common Shares and warrants Series E Warrants to purchase up to Common Shares in the concurrent Private Placement. The combined purchase price for one Common Share and one warrant was . The Series E Warrants have an exercise price of per Common Share, are exercisable immediately following the date of issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company received gross proceeds of and net proceeds of after deducting the placement agent fees and expenses, and the Company s offering expenses. Based on the fair value of the warrants as at the date of closing, which was determined using a Black-Scholes model, the Company recorded the full proceeds to liabilities, with an initial liability of and a loss on initial recognition of . Because the fair value of the liability classified warrant exceeded the total proceeds, no consideration was allocated to the Common Shares. Total issue costs related to this offering of were recorded under finance costs. On June 23, 2022, Neptune issued a total of pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), along with common shares of the Company, as part of a registered direct offering June 2022 Direct Offering ). Each Pre-Funded Warrant was exercisable for Common Share. The common shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together with Series C Warrants (the Series C Warrants ), and Series D Warrants (the Series D Warrants and collectively, the June 2022 Common Warrants . Each of the June 2022 Common Warrant is exercisable for common share. Each of the common share and Pre-Funded Warrants and the accompanying June 2022 Common Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Pre-Funded Warrants are funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of and are exercisable commencing on the Closing Date and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Series C Warrants and the Series D Warrants have an exercise price of per share and can be exercised for a period of years and years respectively from the date of issuance. On October 6, 2022, the Company agreed to extend the termination date of Series C Warrants by . Proceeds of the June 2022 Direct Offering were allocated between common shares and warrants first by allocating proceeds to the warrants classified as a liability based on their fair value and then allocating the residual to the equity instruments, which includes the Pre-Funded Warrants. The fair value of the liability-classified warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model, resulting in an initial warrant liability of for the Series C Warrants and for the Series D Warrants. Because the fair value of the liability classified warrant exceeded the total proceeds, no consideration was allocated to the Common Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants and a loss w as immediately recognized in the net loss of the period as there were no additional rights or privileges identified. The Company is in need of financing to be able to continue its activities as described in note 1. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised in full on June 24, 2022 for gross proceeds of . Total issue costs related to this private placement of , were recorded under finance costs. In addition to the issuance cost specific to the direct offering, the Company incurred legal fees in connection with all financing arrangements in the year ended March 31, 2023 which amounted to . During the month of August 2022, a total of Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants were exercised at each in cashless transactions, which resulted in an aggregate total of shares being issued for an aggregate value of . Warrants are revalued each period-end at fair value and accounted for in the Company's profit and loss statement under gain on revaluation of derivatives . During the previous fiscal year, on March 14, 2022, Neptune issued a total of pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), along with common shares of the Company, as part of a registered direct offering Direct Offering ), and with each Pre-Funded Warrant, which qualified as equity, exercisable for Common Share. The common shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together with Series A Warrants (the Series A Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of common shares, and with Series B Warrants (the Series B Warrants and collectively with the Series A Warrants, the Common Warrants to purchase up to another aggregate of common shares. Each common share and Pre-Funded Warrants and the accompanying Common Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of million before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Pre-Funded Warrants are funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of and were exercisable commencing on the Closing Date and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Series A Warrants have an exercise price of per share and are exercisable six months after the closing date and will expire five and a half years from the date of issuance. The Series B Warrants have an exercise price of per share and are exercisable six months after the closing date and expire 18 months from the date of issuance. Proceeds of the Direct Offering were allocated between common shares and warrants first by allocating proceeds to the warrants classified as a liability and measured at fair value each period with changes in fair value recorded in the income statement based on their fair value and then allocating the residual to the equity instruments, which includes the Pre-Funded Warrants. The fair value of the liability-classified warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model, resulting in an initial warrant liability of for the Series A Warrants and for the Series B Warrants. The residual amount of and was then allocated to the Common Share and Pre-Funded Warrants on a relative fair value basis. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised in full on March 30, 2022 for gross proceeds of . During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2021, o n February 19, 2021, the Company had issued warrants 2021 Warrants with an exercise price of expiring on . The warrants, issued as part of a Registered Direct Offering entered into on February 17, 2021, are exercisable beginning anytime on or after August 19, 2021 until August 19, 2026. Proceeds were allocated between common shares and first by allocating proceeds to the warrants classified as liability and measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in the income statement based on their fair value and then allocating the residual to the equity instruments. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model, resulting in an initial warrant liability of . The residual amount of was then allocated to the Common Shares. Warrants are revalued each period-end at fair value through profit and loss. The change in fair value of this warrant liability for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 was a decrease of (2022 - ). These warrants were prospectively reclassified as equity on October 1, 2022. O n October 22, 2020, Neptune had issued a total of warrants 2020 Warrants with an exercise price of expiring on . The warrants, issued as part of the Private Placement entered into on October 20, 2020, are exercisable beginning anytime on or after April 22, 2021 until October 22, 2025. Proceeds were allocated between common shares and warrants first by allocating proceeds to the warrants classified as liability and measured at fair value and then allocating the residual to the equity instruments. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model, resulting in an initial warrant liability of . The residual amount of was then allocated to the Common Share. Warrants are revalued each period-end at fair value through profit and loss. The change in fair value of this warrant liability for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 was a decrease of (2022 - a decrease of ). These warrants were prospectively reclassified as equity on October 1, 2022. 

Warrants issued during the year 

Revaluation 

Movements in exchange rates 

Outstanding as at March 31, 2022 

Outstanding as at March 31, 2022 

Warrants issued during the year 

Warrants exercised during the year 

Warrants reclassified to equity during the year 

Revaluation gain 

Movements in exchange rates 

Outstanding as at March 31, 2023 

Series B Warrants 

Series C Warrants 

Series C Warrants 

Series D Warrants 

Series E Warrants 

Series E Warrants 

- 
 
 - 

January 2023 Warrants 

In connection with the offering closed on May 15, 2023, the Company has agreed that certain existing warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of common shares that were previously issued in March 2022, June 2022, and October 2022, at exercise prices ranging from to per share and expiration dates ranging from September 14, 2023 to June 23, 2029, will be amended effective upon the closing of the offering, to reduce the exercise prices of the applicable warrants to , with expiration dates following the closing of the offering, with the exception of warrants to purchase up to common shares which will expire on as currently contemplated. This amendment will result in a loss on remeasurement of warrant liabilities in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Consequently, the following table provides the updated information on the outstanding warrants as at March 31, 2023, updated to reflect the revisions from the May 15, 2023 offering: 

Reference 
 
 Date of issuance 
 
 Number of warrants outstanding 
 
 Number of warrants exercisable 
 
 Exercise price 
 
 Expiry date 

Series A Warrants 

Series B Warrants 

Series C Warrants 

Series C Warrants 

Series D Warrants 

Series E Warrants 

Series E Warrants 

January 2023 Warrants 

Warrants reclassified to equity during the year 

Change in fair value to date of transfer to equity 

Translation effect 

Balance - end of year 

Series A Warrants 
 
 Series B Warrants 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Balance - beginning of year 

Warrants issued during the year 

Change in fair value 

Translation effect 

Balance - end of year 

Series C Warrants 
 
 Series D Warrants 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Balance - beginning of year 

Warrants issued during the year 

Warrants exercised during the year 

Change in fair value 

Translation effect 

Balance - end of year 

Series E Warrants 
 
 January 2023 Warrants 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Balance - beginning of year 

Warrants issued during the year 

Change in fair value 

Balance - end of year 

N/A 

Exercise price 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Dividend yield 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Risk-free interest 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Remaining contractual life (years) 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Expected volatility 
 
 N/A 

N/A 

Series A Warrants 
 
 Series B Warrants 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Share price 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest 

Remaining contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Series C Warrants 
 
 Series D Warrants 

March 31, 2023 
 
 June 23, 2022 (Grant date) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 June 23, 2022 (Grant date) 

Share price 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest 

Remaining contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

Series E Warrants 
 
 January 2023 Warrants 

March 31, 2023 
 
 October 11, 2022 (Grant date) 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 January 12, 2023 (Grant date) 

Share price 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Risk-free interest 

Remaining contractual life (years) 

Expected volatility 

F- 30 
 
 neptune wellness solutions inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 and increased to on July 13, 2022, issued by Sprout, to Morgan Stanley Expansion Capital Morgan Stanley or MSEC ), guaranteed by the Company and secured through a first-ranking mortgage on all movable current and future, corporeal and incorporeal, and tangible and intangible assets of Sprout. per annum, increasing by every three months commencing September 30, 2022. Interest is compounded and is accrued and added to the principal amount of the loan and is presented net of borrowing costs. The principal and accrued interest may also be converted, in whole or in part, at any time before February 1, 2024, upon the mutual consent of Sprout, the Company and MSEC, into common shares of the Company. In connection with the increase of of the promissory note, MSEC was issued common shares of Neptune of a value of . On April 27, 2023, the note maturity has been extended from February 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024, which will bear interest at the rate of per annum to December 31, 2023, payable in kind, and per annum, payable in kind, and per annum payable in cash, from and after January 1, 2024. 

Promissory note of issued by Sprout on August 26, 2022, guaranteed by the Company and secured by the issued and outstanding capital stock of Sprout. per annum, increasing by every three months commencing September 30, 2022. Interest is accrued and added to the principal amount of the loan and is presented net of borrowing costs. The principal is payable on in cash, or, upon the prior consent of the holder, fully or partially in common shares of Neptune at the Company's discretion. Neptune issued common shares for a value of in connection with this promissory note. 

Promissory notes totaling issued by Sprout on November 8, 2022, guaranteed by the Company and secured by the issued and outstanding capital stock of Sprout. The outstanding principal balance bears interest at the rate of per annum, increasing by every three months commencing December 31, 2022. Interest is accrued and added to the principal amount of the loan and is presented net of borrowing costs. The principal is payable on in cash, or, upon the prior consent of the holder, fully or partially in common shares of Neptune at the Company's discretion. Neptune issued common shares for a value of in connection with these promissory notes. 

Senior secured notes (the Notes issued by the Company on January 12, 2023 for gross proceeds of pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement with CCUR Holdings, Inc. Collateral Agent and the purchasers named therein. per annum. The Notes are secured by the assets of Neptune excluding the assets of Sprout. The lender has the right to demand immediate repayment in the event of default of certain covenants. The Company defaulted on certain conditions of the Notes and entered into Waiver and First Amendment to the Notes (the Waiver Agreement on March 9, 2023. The Waiver Agreement waived certain administrative, regulatory and financial statement related covenants and the Notes were amended to provide that the Purchasers shall be paid an exit fee in the aggregate amount of , payable as follows: (i) on or prior to May 15, 2023, and (ii) on the Maturity Date (as defined in the Note Purchase Agreement), . The interest rate was also increased to for a period extending until the Company meets specified criteria in the Waiver Agreement which occurred on March 21, 2023. Amongst other covenants, the Notes require timely filling of financial statements. Debt issuance costs totaling were capitalized to this loan, including the issuance by Neptune of January 2023 Warrants of a value of . 

Accounts receivable factoring facility contracted by Sprout on January 25, 2023. The maximum available is million. The terms of the agreement include a Funds Usage Fee of prime plus with a minimum interest rate of per annum. The lender was granted a security interest in Sprout's accounts receivable. Neptune guaranteed the obligations of Sprout in connection with this agreement. 

Promissory note of issued by Sprout on March 11, 2023, guaranteed by the Company and secured by the issued and outstanding capital stock of Sprout. per annum, increasing by every three months commencing March 31, 2023. Interest is accrued and added to the principal amount of the loan and is presented net of borrowing costs. The principal is payable on in cash, or, upon the prior consent of the holder, fully or partially in common shares of Neptune at the Company's discretion. Neptune issued warrants exercisable at a price of in connection with this promissory note. The fair value of these warrants was (refer to note 14(f)). 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, interest expense of and respectively were recognized on loans and borrowings. Refer to Note 25 - Subsequent Events for additional developments. 

 of paid-up capital, exchangeable at the holder s option under certain conditions into common shares ne issued and outstanding). 

 All issued shares are fully paid. (b) Share options exercised: 

 During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, Neptune issued common shares of the Company upon exercise of stock options. (c) DSUs released: 

 During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, Neptune issued common shares of the Company to former and current members of the Board of Directors. (d) RSUs released: 

 During the year ended March 31, 2023, Neptune issued common shares of the Company to the CEO as part of his employment agreement at a weighted average price of per common share. Withholding taxes of were paid by the Company pursuant to the issuance of these RSUs resulting in the Company not issuing an additional RSUs. During the year ended March 31, 2022, Neptune issued common shares of the Company to the CEO as part of his employment agreement at a weighted average price of per common share. Withholding taxes of were paid by the Company pursuant to the issuance of these RSUs resulting in the Company not issuing an additional RSUs. (e) Restricted shares: 

 During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 , Neptune issued restricted common shares of the Company to employees. (f) Warrants: 

 As of October 1, 2022, as a result of the change in functional currency of Neptune, the 2020 Warrants and 2021 Warrants no longer met the criteria for liability classification and therefore were reclassified as equity prospectively. The reclassification did not impact the net earnings for the period. On March 10, 2023, Sprout issued promissory notes for gross proceeds of to various investors as described in note 13. Pursuant to the terms of those promissory notes, the Company also issued to these investors warrants March 2023 Warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Neptune common stock, with each warrant exercisable for years following the initial issuance at a price of per common share. The aggregate fair value on issuance of the March 2023 Warrants was . On June 23, 2022, as part of the June 2022 Direct Offering described under not e 14(h), Neptune issued a total of pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), with each . The Pre-Funded Warrants were funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of and were exercisable commencing on the Closing Date, and were to terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants would be exercised in full. The Pre-funded warrants were fully exercised on June 24, 2022 for . On March 14, 2022, as part of the Direct Offering described under note 14(h), Neptune issued a total of pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), with each The Pre-Funded Warrants are funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of and are exercisable commencing on the Closing Date, and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised in full on March 30, 2022 for gross proceeds of . 

Issued 

Reclassification from liability related to warrants 

Exercised 

Warrants outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Warrants exercisable at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Warrants of the Company classified as equity are composed of the following as at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2022 

Number 
 
 Number 

Number 
 
 Number 

outstanding 
 
 exercisable 
 
 Amount 
 
 outstanding 
 
 exercisable 
 
 Amount 

Warrants IFF (i) 

Warrants AMI (ii) 

2020 Warrants (iii) 

2021 Warrants (iv) 

March 2023 Warrants 

(i) During the year ended March 31, 2020, Neptune granted warrants Warrants IFF with an exercise price of expiring o n . expense was recognized during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 (2022 - under the research and development expenses. 

 (ii) During the year ended March 31, 2020, Neptune granted warrants Warrants AMI with an exercise price of with expiring on and expiring on . The warrants fully vested in fiscal year ended March 31, 2021 and as such expense was recognized in relation to those instruments since then. 

 (iii) During the year ended March 31, 2021, Neptune issued a total of warrants 2020 Warrants with an exercise price of expiring on . The warrants, issued as part of the Private Placement entered into on October 20, 2020, are exercisable beginning anytime on or after April 22, 2021 until October 22, 2025. Initially classified as liability, the 2020 Warrants which had a fair value of were reclassified as equity on October 1, 2022 as a result of the change in functional currency. The holders of these warrants will be entitled to participate in dividends and other distributions of assets by the Company to its holders of common shares as though the holder then held common shares . 

 (iv) On February 19, 2021, the Company issued warrants 2021 Warrants with an exercise price of expiring on . The warrants, issued as part of a Registered Direct Offering entered into on February 17, 2021, are exercisable beginning anytime on or after August 19, 2021 until August 19, 2026. Initially classified as liability, the 2021 Warrants which had a fair value of were reclassified as equity on October 1, 2022 as a result of the change in functional currency. The holders of these warrants will be entitled to participate in dividends and other distributions of assets by the Company to its holders of common shares as though the holder then held common shares . 

(g) Common shares issued in connection with debt financing: 

 On February 15, 2023, Neptune issued common shares for a value of in connection with an aggregate Secured Promissory Notes that were issued by Sprout on November 8, 2022, for the payment of borrowing costs. On July 13, 2022, Neptune issued common shares for a value of in connection with the amendment of the Secured Promissory Notes that were issued by Sprout for the payment of borrowing costs. In connection with this amendment, investment funds managed by MSEC have provided an additional million in Secured Promissory Notes to Sprout. On September 9, 2022, Neptune issued common shares for a value of in connection with a new Secured Promissory Notes that were issued by Sprout, for the payment of borrowing costs . (h) Direct Offerings: 

 On June 23, 2022, Neptune issued a total of pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), along with common shares of the Company, as part of a registered direct offering June 2022 Direct Offering ). Each Pre-Funded Warrant was exercisable for one Common Share. The common shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together with Series C Warrants (the Series C Warrants ), and Series D Warrants (the Series D Warrants and collectively, the June 2022 Common Warrants . Each of the June 2022 Common Warrant is exercisable for one common share. Each of the common share and Pre-Funded Warrants and the accompanying June 2022 Common Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Pre-Funded Warrants are funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of and are exercisable commencing on the Closing Date and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Series C Warrants and the Series D Warrants have an exercise price of per share and can be . On October 6, 2022, the Company agreed to extend the termination date of Series C Warrants by . Proceeds of the June 2022 Direct Offering were allocated between common shares and warrants first by allocating proceeds to the warrants classified as a liability based on their fair value and then allocating the residual to the equity instruments, which includes the Pre-Funded Warrants. The fair value of the liability-classified warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model, resulting in an initial warrant liability of for the Series C Warrants and for the Series D Warrants. Because the fair value of the liability classified warrant exceeded the total proceeds, no consideration was allocated to the Common Shares and Pre-Funded Warrants and a loss w as immediately recognized in the net loss of the period as there were no additional rights or privileges identified. The Company is in need of financing to be able to continue its activities as described in note 1. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised in full on June 24, 2022 for gross proceeds of . Total issue costs related to this private placement of , were recorded under finance costs. During the month of August 2022, a total of Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants were exercised at each in cashless transactions, which resulted in an aggregate total of shares being issued for an aggregate value of . On March 14, 2022, Neptune issued a total of common shares of the Company , along with pre-funded warrants Pre-Funded Warrants ), as part of a registered direct offering Direct Offering ), with each The common shares and the Pre-Funded Warrants were sold together with Series A Warrants (the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants (the Series B Warrants and collectively with the Series A Warrants, the Common Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of common shares. Each common share and Pre Funded Warrants and the accompanying Common Warrants were sold together at a combined offering price of , for aggregate gross proceeds of million before deducting fees and other estimated offering expenses. The Pre-Funded Warrants are funded in full at closing except for a nominal exercise price of and are exercisable commencing on the Closing Date, and will terminate when such Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. The Series A Warrants have an exercise price of per share and are The Series B Warrants have an exercise price of per share and are Common Warrants were recognized as liabilities. The proceeds were allocated amongst common shares and Pre Funded Warrants using the relative fair value approach after allocating proceeds to the Common Warrants corresponding to their fair value. The residual amount of and was then allocated to the Common Share and Pre-Funded Warrants. Total issue costs related to this private placement amounted to , of which were recorded against share capital and the portion related to the warrants, in the amount of , was recorded under finance costs . (i) Registered Direct Offering Priced At-The-Market: 

 On October 11, 2022, the Company closed a registered direct offering October 2022 Direct Offering of of its Common Shares and warrants Series E Warrants to purchase up to Common Shares in the concurrent Private Placement. The combined purchase price for one Common Share and one warrant was . The Series E Warrants have an exercise price of per Common Share, are exercisable immediately following the date of issuance and will expire five years from the date of issuance. The Company received gross proceeds of and net proceeds of after deducting the placement agent fees and expenses, and the Company s offering expenses. Based on the fair value of the warrants as at the date of closing, which was determined using a Black-Scholes model, the Company recorded the full proceeds to liabilities, with an initial liability of and a loss on initial recognition of . Because the fair value of the liability classified warrant exceeded the total proceeds, no consideration was allocated to the Common Shares. Total issue costs related to this offering of were recorded under finance costs. (j) Common shares issued in exchange of services rendered by non-employees: 

 On January 10, 2023, Neptune issued common shares to non-employees for consulting services of a value of rendered on different matters, including but not limited to the divestiture of the Cannabis assets. On June 15, 2022, Neptune issued common shares to non-employees for consulting services of a value of rendered in connection with the divestiture of the Cannabis assets. 

Cost of sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss on goodwill and intangible assets 

Gain on settlement of liability 

Finance costs 

Loss before tax 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Total comprehensive loss 

Loss attributable to the subsidiary's non-controlling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the subsidiary's non-controlling interest 

Summarized statement of balance sheets: 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Current assets 

Non-current assets 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Total equity (deficiency) 

Attributable to: 

Equity holders of the Company 

Non-controlling interest 

Summarized statement of cash flow: 

Year ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Cash flow used in operating activities 

Cash flow provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flow provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

(1) Cash flow from financing activities is partially provided through intercompany advances. 

were recognized on equity share based awards and expenses of on liability-based awards in the consolidated statement of loss and comprehensive loss for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 (2022 - for equity-based awards and for liability-based awards). As at March 31, 2023, the Company had the following share-based payment arrangements: (a) Company stock option plan: 

 (i) Stock option plan: 

 The Company has established a stock option plan for directors, officers, employees and consultants. The exercise price of the stock options granted under the plan is not lower than the closing price of the common shares listed on the Nasdaq on the eve of the grant. The terms and conditions for acquiring and exercising options are set by the Board of Directors, subject to, among others, the following limitations: months and a gradual and equal acquisition of vesting rights at least on a quarterly basis. The Company s stock-option plan allows the Company to issue a number of stock options not exceeding 2 of the number of common shares issued and outstanding at the time of any grant. The total number of stock options issuable to a single holder cannot exceed 20 of the Company s total issued and outstanding common shares at the time of the grant, provided that the maximum number of stock options issuable to a single consultant cannot exceed of the Company's total issued and outstanding common shares at the time of the grant. 

Granted 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Expired 

Options outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Options exercisable at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The weighted average fair value of the options granted to employees during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 was 2022 - ). The Company granted options to non-employees during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022) resulting in a and a stock-based compensation expense, respectively for the twelve-month periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 . The fair value of options granted has been estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and based on the weighted average of the following assumptions for options granted during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 as at the date of grant: - 

Exercise price 
 
 - 

Dividend yield 
 
 nil 
 
 nil 

Risk-free interest 
 
 - 

Expected life (years) 

Expected volatility 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation recognized under this plan amounted to for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 (2022 - ). Unrecognized compensation cost of as at March 31, 2023 with a weighted average period remaining of years. Unrecognized compensation cost of as at March 31, 2022 with a weighted average period remaining of years. (ii) Non-market performance options: 

 On July 8, 2019, the Company granted 1 non-market performance options under the Company stock option plan at an exercise price of per share to the CEO, expiring on . . These non-market performance options required the approval of amendments to the stock option plan and therefore the fair value of these options was revalued up to the date of approval of the amendments (grant date). of these non-market performance options have vested as at March 31, 2023 . These options were t exercisable as at March 31, 2023 and 2022. stock-based compensation expense was recognized for the year ended March 31, 2023. During twelve-month period ended March 31, 2022, changes in estimated probability of achievement of the non-market performance conditions or the expected number of years to achieve the performance conditions resulted in a recovery of stock-based compensation recognized under this plan which amounted to . (iii) Market performance options: 

 On July 8, 2019, the Company granted market performance options under the Company stock option plan at an exercise price of per share to the CEO, expiring on . These options vest after the attainment of market performance conditions within the following . Some of these market performance options required the approval of amendments to the stock option plan and therefore the fair value of these options was revaluated up to the date of approval of the amendments (grant date). 

Options outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Options exercisable at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Stock-based compensation recognized under this plan amounted to and respectively for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Unrecognized compensation cost at March 31, 2023 is with a weighted average period remaining of years (2022 - with a weighted average period remaining of years). (b) Deferred Share Units and Restricted Share Units: 

 The Company has established an equity incentive plan for employees, directors and consultants of the Company. The plan provides for the issuance of restricted share units, performance share units, restricted shares, deferred share units and other share-based awards, subject to restricted conditions as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Upon fulfillment of the restricted conditions, as the case may be, the plan provides for settlement of the awards outstanding through shares. (i) Deferred Share Units DSUs 

Granted 

DSUs outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

DSUs exercisable at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Of the DSUs outstanding as at March 31, 2023 (2022 ), DSUs vested upon services to be rendered during a period of twelve months from date of grant (2022 ). The fair value of the DSUs is determined to be the share price at the date of grant and is recognized as stock-based compensation, through additional paid-in capital, over the vesting period. Stock-based compensation recognized under this plan amounted to and respectively for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Unrecognized compensation cost of as at March 31, 2023 unrecognized compensation cost as at March 31, 2022 with a weighted average period remaining of years). (ii) Restricted Share Units RSUs 

 During the year ended March 31, 2020, as part of the employment agreement of the CEO, the Company granted RSUs which vest over in equal installments. During the year ended March 31, 2021, Neptune granted additional RSUs to the CEO and to executives of the Company, which vest over periods ranging from to years. The fair value of the RSUs is determined to be the share price at the date of grant and is recognized as stock-based compensation, through additional paid-in capital, over the vesting period. The fair value of the RSUs granted during the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023 was per unit (2022 - ). 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Released through the issuance of common shares 
 14(d) 

Withheld as payment of withholding taxes 
 14(d) 

RSUs outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Stock-based compensation recognized under this plan amounted to and respectively for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Unrecognized compensation cost at March 31, 2023 is (2022 - unrecognized compensation cost with a weighted average remaining life of years). On November 14, 2021, the Company and its CEO entered into an agreement pursuant to which the CEO s existing employment agreement was amended to waive the Company s obligation to procure directors and officers insurance coverage of up to million for the period covering July 1, 2021 to July 31, 2022. The parties agreed that if the Company had successfully completed a strategic partnership prior to December 31, 2021, the CEO would have been entitled to approximately million in cash and would have been granted fully vested options to purchase million shares of the Company s common stock. As the strategic partnership was not consummated by December 31, 2021, the CEO was entitled to monthly cash payments for an aggregate value of approximately million or the issuance over time of a fixed amount of fully vested RSUs, at the option of the Company. The balance of the liability accrual to the CEO is (including withholding taxes) as at March 31, 2023, in trade and other payables. The revaluation of the liability amounted to gain of for the year ended March 31, 2023 and was recorded into selling, general and administrative expenses (2022 a loss of ). During the year ended March 31, 2023 , settlements in RSUs were 2022 - ). The compensation to be settled in RSUs or if the Company is unable to grant such RSUs, then a combination of cash and vested RSUs with equivalent value, is not reflected in the number of RSUs outstanding above. (c) Long term cash bonus: 

 According to the employment agreement with the CEO, a long-term incentive of million is payable if the Company s US market capitalization is at least billion . The Company uses a risk-neutral Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair-value of this instrument and recognizes the incentive over the estimated period to reach the market capitalization. As at March 31, 2023, the liability related to this long-term incentive of as at March 31, 2022) is presented in Other liability in the consolidated balance sheets. During the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2023, a recovery of (2022 - a recovery of was recorded in connection with the long-term incentive under selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of loss. 

 17.	 

Finance income 

Interest expense on loans and borrowings 
 13 

Interest on lease liabilities 
 8 

Warrants issuance costs 
 12 

Factoring fees 

Finance costs 

Basic combined Canadian statutory income tax rate 1 

Income tax 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent difference on impairment on goodwill 

Permanent difference related to derivative 

Non-deductible and tax exempt items 

Non-deductible stock-based compensation 

Foreign exchange 

Difference in statutory tax rates of foreign subsidiaries 

Other permanent differences 

Adjustments in relation to prior years 

Total tax expense 

1 The Canadian combined statutory income tax rate. 

Intangible assets and goodwill 

Property, plant and equipment 

Reserves and accruals not currently deductible for tax purposes 

Financing fees not currently deductible for tax purposes 

Research and development costs 

Non-deductible interest 

Other 

Subtotal 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 

Intangible assets and goodwill 

Right-of-use assets 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax 

Management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to determine the valuation allowance required with respect to the existing deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the cumulative loss incurred over the years. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as our projections for future growth. On the basis of this evaluation, as of March 31, 2023, a valuation allowance of has been recorded to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized (2022 - ). Tax losses carried forward 
 
 - 

2030 
 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

2031 
 
 - 

- 

2032 

- 

2033 

2034 

2035 

2036 

2037 

- 
 
 - 

2038 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2039 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2040 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2041 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2042 
 
 - 
 
 - 

2043 
 
 - 
 
 - 

As at March 31, 2023 , the Company had NOL that can be carried forward indefinitely of for federal purposes and for State and Provincial purposes 2022 - and respectively). As at March 31, 2023, the Company had realized and unrealized capital losses of in 2022) that can be carried forward indefinitely. Tax credits receivable and recoverable 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

2030 

2031 

2032 

2033 

2034 

2035 

2036 

2037 

2038 

2039 

The amounts recorded as tax credits receivable or recoverable are subject to a government tax audit and the final amount received may differ from those recorded. 

Series B Warrants 

Series C Warrants 

Series D Warrants 

Series E Warrants 

January 2023 Warrants 

Warrants classified as liability 

Warrants IFF 

Warrants AMI 

2020 Warrants 

2021 Warrants 

March 2023 Warrants 

Warrants classified as equity 

Basic and dilutive loss attributed to common shareholders 

Basic and dilutive weighted-average number of common shares outstanding 

Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders of the Company: 

Basic and dilutive loss per share 

Warrants 

F- 44 
 
 neptune wellness solutions inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventories 

Trade and other payables 

Deferred revenues 

Provisions 

Other liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

(b) Non-cash transactions: 

Twelve-month periods ended 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Acquired property, plant and equipment included in trade and other payables 

Intangible assets included in trade and other payables 

Common shares and warrants issued in connection with debt financing 

Common shares issued in exchange of services rendered by non-employees 

Other liability 
 16(c) 

Total 

March 31, 2022 

Notes 
 
 Level 1 
 
 Level 2 
 
 Level 3 
 
 Total 

Assets 

Other financial assets - Sprout Call Option 
 4 

Total 

Liabilities 

Liability related to warrants 
 12 

Other liability 
 16(c) 

Total 

The liabilities related to warrants were recorded at their fair value using a Black-Scholes pricing model. Warrants are revalued each period-end at fair value through profit and loss using level 3 inputs (note 12). The Company has determined that the carrying values of its short-term financial assets and liabilities approximate their fair values given the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying value of the short-term investment also approximates its fair value given the short-term maturity of the reinvested funds. For variable rate loans and borrowings, the fair value is considered to approximate the carrying amount. Sprout s other equity interest owners granted Neptune a call option (the Call Option to purchase the remaining outstanding equity interests of Sprout, at any time beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2023. The total consideration payable for the additional shares Call Shares upon the exercise of the Call Option and the closing of Neptune's acquisition of the Call Shares would be based on multiples per the contract of 3.0x for revenues and 15.0x for EBITDA, weighted at 50 each. On March 31, 2023, the Call option was measured to a value (2022 resulting in a loss on revaluation of derivatives of (2022 loss of ). T he measurement is based on level 3 inputs. 

years. Neptune is required to pay royalties on sales for these products. To maintain exclusivity, Neptune must reach annual minimum volumes of sales for the duration of the agreement or make corresponding minimum royalty payments. The total remaining amount of minimum royalties under the license agreement is . Failure to make the minimum royalty payments will solely result in the license granted thereunder becoming non-exclusive. 

 (ii) On March 21, 2019, the Company received a judgment from the Court regarding certain previously disclosed claims made by a corporation controlled by the former CEO against the Company in respect to certain royalty payments alleged to be owed and owing to the former CEO pursuant to the terms of an agreement entered into on February 23, 2001 between Neptune and the former CEO (the Agreement ). The Court declared that under the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to pay royalties of of its revenues in semi-annual installments, for an unlimited period. Based on currently available information, a provision of for royalty payments has been recognized as of March 31, 2023 as at March 31, 2022). Refer to note 7. 

 (iii) On May 28, 2021, Sprout entered into a license agreement with Moonbug Entertainment Limited Moonbug ), pursuant to which it would license certain intellectual property, relating to characters from the children s entertainment property CoComelon, for use on certain Sprout products through in exchange for a royalty on net sales. Sprout is required to make minimum guaranteed annual payments to Moonbug of over the term of the agreement. The agreement may be extended for an additional in exchange for an additional minimum guaranteed annual payment to Moonbug of over the extended term of the agreement. Royalties payable under the agreement are set off against minimum guaranteed payments made. 

 (iv) On March 16, 2021, a purported class action, captioned Marvin Gong v. Neptune Wellness Solutions, et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York against the Company and certain of its current and former officers. On October 21, 2022, the Company announced that it had agreed to settle and resolve the lawsuit for a gross payment to the class of between and million, with the exact amount being within the Company s control and dependent on the type of consideration used. The settlement was subject to court approval and certification by the court of the class. On March 16, 2023, the settlement offer was accepted and the first payment in the amount of was paid on March 22, 2023. additional payments of each were subsequently made. The court has set a final approval hearing on July 28, 2023. Neptune intends to pay the balance of the settlement in securities worth within 31 days after the Final Approval Order is entered. 

 (b) Contingencies: In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings, for which the outcomes, inflow or outflow of economic benefits, are uncertain. The most significant of which are ongoing are as follows: (i) In September 2020, Neptune submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Peter M. Galloway and PMGSL Holdings, LLC (collectively PMGSL in accordance with the SugarLeaf Asset Purchase Agreement APA dated May 9, 2019 between Neptune, PMGSL, Peter M. Galloway and Neptune Holding USA, Inc. Separately, PMGSL submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Neptune. The Neptune claims and PMGSL claims have been consolidated into a single arbitration and each are related to the purchase by Neptune of substantially all of the assets of the predecessor entities of PMGSL Holdings, LLC. Neptune is claiming, among other things, breach of contract and negligent misrepresentation by PMGSL in connection with the APA and is seeking, among other things, equitable restitution and any and all damages recoverable under law. PMGSL is claiming, among other things, breach of contract by Neptune and is seeking, among other things, payment of certain compensation contemplated by the APA. A merit hearing in the arbitration started in April 2022 with a further week of testimony from August 1-5, 2022. On June 15, 2022, a one-day hearing took place on Neptune's motion to enforce a settlement agreement reached on April 2021 (which was repudiated by PMGSL in June 2021). Following oral argument on July 7, 2022, that motion was denied and a fee award of approximately was entered against Neptune. On April 13, 2023, PMGSL filed a lawsuit in Florida Superior Court to collect that fee award. Neptune disputes the Florida Court s jurisdiction in over that action. While Neptune believes there is no merit to the claims brought by PMGSL, a judgment in favor of PMGSL may have a material adverse effect on our business and Neptune intends to continue vigorously defending itself. Based on currently available information, a provision of has been recognized for this case as at March 31, 2023 as at March 31, 2022). 

 (ii) On October 11, 2022, a warehousing company called Carolina Rework Solutions, LLC filed a lawsuit against Neptune Health Wellness Innovation, Inc. for breach of a warehousing contract with damages of plus additional unspecified damages estimated to be in excess of for disposal of hand sanitizer product housed at its warehouse. On May 30, 2023, Carolina Rework Solution, LLC received leave of court to add Neptune Holding USA, Inc. and Neptune Wellness Solutions, Inc. as additional defendants to the claim on a veil-piercing theory. Neptune Holding USA, Inc. and Neptune Wellness Solutions, Inc. intend to deny that the court has jurisdiction over them and deny that veil piercing is appropriate. 

 (iii) On February 28, 2023, a warehousing company called Freight Connections filed a lawsuit against Neptune Health Wellness Innovation, Inc. for breach of a warehousing contract, breach of duty of good faith and fair dealing, quantum meruit and fraud with damages of plus punitive and consequential damages related to hand sanitizer product at plaintiff s facility. 

 (iv) On October 22, 2020, Iron Lab, S.A. de C.V. submitted a claim and demand for arbitration against Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc., Neptune Health Wellness Innovation, Inc. and Biodroga Nutraceuticals Inc., claiming that Neptune and its subsidiaries breached their obligations under a purported agreement with Iron Lab regarding the purchase of hand sanitizer. Neptune and the other respondents dispute the existence of any binding agreements or jurisdiction to hear the arbitration, and have asserted counterclaims based on Iron Lab's delivery of non-conforming product based on Neptune's purchase orders. The parties are currently awaiting an award from the arbitration panel. Based on currently available information, no provision has been recognized for this case as at March 31, 2023. 

 (v) On February 4, 2021, the United States House of Representatives Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy, Committee on Oversight and Reform (the Subcommittee ), published a report, Baby Foods Are Tainted with Dangerous Levels of Arsenic, Lead, Cadmium, and Mercury (the Report ), which stated that, with respect to Sprout, independent testing of Sprout Organic Foods has confirmed that their baby foods contain concerning levels of toxic heavy metals. The Report further stated that after receiving reports alleging high levels of toxic metals in baby foods, the Subcommittee requested information from Sprout but did not receive a response. On February 11, 2021, following the acquisition of a stake in Sprout by Neptune, the Subcommittee contacted Sprout, reiterating its requests for documents and information about toxic heavy metals in Sprout s baby foods. Sprout provided an initial response to the Subcommittee on February 25, 2021 and is cooperating with the Subcommittee requests. 

 Further, on February 24, 2021, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of New Mexico NMAG delivered to Sprout a civil investigative demand requesting similar documents and information with regards to the Report and the NMAG s investigation into possible violations of the False Advertising Act of New Mexico. Sprout is responding to the requests of the NMAG. Since February 2021, several putative consumer class action lawsuits have been brought against Sprout alleging that its products (the Products contain unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally occurring heavy metals, namely lead, arsenic, cadmium and mercury. Sprout has denied the allegations in these lawsuits and contends that its baby foods are safe and properly labeled. The claims raised in these lawsuits were brought in the wake of the highly publicized Report. All such putative class actions have since been dismissed. No provision has been recorded in the financial statements for these cases. In addition to the consumer class actions discussed above, Sprout is currently named in three lawsuits (filed in California State Court on June 16, 2021, filed in Hawaii State Court on January 9, 2023 and filed in Nevada Federal Court on March 3, 2023, respectively) alleging some form of personal injury from the ingestion of Sprout s Products, purportedly due to unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally occurring heavy metals. These lawsuits generally allege injuries related to neurological development disorders such as autism spectrum disorder and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Sprout denies that its Products contributed to any of these injuries. In addition, the Office of the Attorney General for the District of Columbia OAG sent a letter to Sprout dated October 1, 2021, similar to letters sent to other baby food manufacturers, alleging potential labeling and marketing misrepresentations and omissions regarding the health and safety of its baby food products, constituting an unlawful trade practice. Sprout has agreed to meet with the OAG and will vigorously defend against the allegations. No provision has been recorded in the financial statements for this matter. These matters may have a material adverse effect on Sprout's, financial condition, or results of operations. The outcome of these claims and legal proceedings against the Company cannot be determined with certainty and is subject to future resolution, including the uncertainties of litigation. 

United States 

Other countries 

b) Information about major customers: 

 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company realized revenues amounting to from customer accounting for of consolidated revenues. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company realized revenues amounting to from customer accounting for of consolidated revenues. c) Revenues 

Cannabis and hemp products 

Food and beverages products 

Innovation products 

d) Geographical information on long-lived assets: 

United States 

Total property, plant and equipment 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Canada 

United States 

Total intangible assets 

March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 

Canada 

United States 

Total goodwill 

royalties were paid to date . As at March 31, 2023, this agreement is no longer active. 

 minority share of Sprout, pursuant to the Call Option agreement entered into with the minority stockholders of Sprout. If the Call Option had been exercised prior to June 15, 2023, the purchase price would have been million, consisting of at least million in cash with the remainder payable in Common Shares. No acquisition was completed by June 15, 2023. The original Call Option remains outstanding until December 31, 2023. On April 27, 2023, the Company announced that Sprout extended the maturity of its existing million secured promissory note with MSEC. per annum through and including December 31, 2023, payable in kind, and per annum, payable in kind, and per annum payable in cash, from and after January 1, 2024. On May 10, 2023, Neptune announced that Sprout has secured inventory financing through an Invoice Purchase and Security Agreement partnership with Alterna Capital Solutions LLC, effective April 21, 2023. The inventory line will provide Sprout with working capital. The maximum available has been amended to million, from million previously announced on January 25, 2023 (see note 13), adding a line of inventory to the accounts receivable factoring facility that is already in place. On May 11, 2023, the Company announced its public offering of of its common shares (or common share equivalents in lieu thereof) and accompanying warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of common shares at a combined public offering price of per share and accompanying warrant, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately million. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, are immediately exercisable upon issuance and will expire five years following the date of issuance. The closing of the offering occurred on May 15, 2023. On that day, the Company issued common shares and pre-funded warrants, along with warrants (the May 2023 Warrants ). As of the date these financial statements are authorized for issuance, common shares were issued upon exercise of pre-funded warrants, leaving pre-funded warrants outstanding; of the May 2023 Warrants have been exercised to date. common shares that were previously issued in March 2022, June 2022, and October 2022, at exercise prices ranging from to per share and expiration dates ranging from to , were amended to reduce the exercise prices of the applicable warrants to , with expiration dates following the closing of the offering, i.e. on May 15, 2028, with the exception of warrants to purchase up to common shares which will expire on as currently contemplated, as indicated in note 12. On May 22, 2023, the Company entered into a Waiver and Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement (the Waiver Agreement ), with CCUR Holdings, Inc. and the purchasers named therein, related to the Note Purchase Agreement dated as of (see note 13). The Waiver Agreement provides that the required prepayment of million (the Mandatory Prepayment ), due as of , is waived, in part, until July 31, 2023, or for an additional thirty days thereafter if the Company has filed a Registration on Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission by July 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Waiver Agreement, the Company was required to pay, and has paid, million of the Mandatory Prepayment. For the period beginning on March 31, 2023, through and including the date that the entire Mandatory Prepayment, including interest and fees is paid, interest on the sum of the outstanding principal amounts will accrue at the rate of twenty four percent per annum. Thereafter, interest will revert to the rate otherwise provided under the Note Purchase Agreement. The Company also agreed to pay an extension fee in an aggregate amount of , which was added to the principal amount due. 

 F- 50 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 nept-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333 268195) on Form S-8 of our report dated July 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets as at March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes, of Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc., which report appears in the annual report on Form 10-K of Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Montreal, Canada 
 July 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 nept-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Michael Cammarata, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

/s/ Michael Cammarata 

Michael Cammarata Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 nept-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Raymond Silcock, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

/s/ Raymond Silcock 

Raymond Silcock Chief Financial Officer Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 5
 nept-ex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 The undersigned hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that, to their knowledge, the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report ), as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

/s/ Michael Cammarata 

Michael Cammarata Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Raymond Silcock 

Raymond Silcock Chief Financial Officer Neptune Wellness Solutions Inc. (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 
 This certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nept-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 nept-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 nept-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 nept-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 nept-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

