<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230809_10-K_edgar_data_1601280_0001079973-23-001099.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4517271</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223283</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1349067</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>977709</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>848605</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1013773</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-23-001099.hdr.sgml : 20230809
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230809165105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-23-001099
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230809
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230809

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MediXall Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001601280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		IRS NUMBER:				330864127
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-194337
		FILM NUMBER:		231155965

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 EAST COMMERCIAL BLVD
		STREET 2:		PH-D
		CITY:			FT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33308
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-440-4678

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2929 EAST COMMERCIAL BLVD
		STREET 2:		PH-D
		CITY:			FT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33308

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONTINENTAL RAIL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-23-001099.txt : 20230809

10-K
 1
 mdxl_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

None 

 (Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and
non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022) based upon the closing sale price of the registrant s common stock on the OTCPK
that day was as computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, which was 0.40 on that date 

As of August 2, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

NONE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

MediXall Group, Inc. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 28 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 29 
 
 Item 6. 
 RESERVED 
 30 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 37 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 48 

OTHER PERTINENT INFORMATION 

We maintain our web site at www.gethealthkarma.com.
Information on this web site is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated herein by reference. 

Unless specifically set forth to the contrary, when
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K the terms MediXall , the Company, we , us , our 
and similar terms refer to MediXall Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and its subsidiaries. The Company has the following wholly-owned
subsidiaries: (1) IHL of Florida, Inc., which is dormant, (2) Medixall Financial Group, which is dormant, (3) Medixaid, Inc., and (4)
MediXall.com, Inc., which were established to carry out the development and operation of our healthcare marketplace platform, and (5)
Health Karma, Inc. which was established in 2020 to increase functionality of the MediXall platform. 

i 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions,
forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, 
 could, should, would, may, seek, plan, might, 
 will, expect, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Report speak only as of
the date of this report, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees.
Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity,
performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

Such forward-looking statements include statements
regarding, among other things, matters associated with: 

our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our history of losses which we expect to continue; 

the significant amount of liabilities due related parties; 

our ability to raise sufficient capital to fund our company; 

our ability to integrate acquisitions and the operations of acquired companies; 

the limited experience of our management in the operations of a public company; 

potential weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting; 

increased costs associated with reporting obligations as a public company; 

a limited market for our common stock and limitations resulting from our common stock being designated as a penny stock; 

the ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without the consent of our stockholders; 

our management controls the voting of our outstanding securities; 

the conversion of shares of Series A and B preferred stock will be very dilutive to our existing common stockholders; 

risks associated with and unique to health care; and, 

risks associated with stability of the internet, data security, exposure to data breach. 

This information may involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from
the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be found
at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K including, but not limited to the discussions under Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Business. Actual events or results may
differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the
matters described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally. 

Although forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and
unknown risks, business, economic and other risks and factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed
in these forward-looking statements. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are urged not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than
as may be required by applicable law or regulation. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

MediXall Group, Inc. (OTCPK:MDXL)
is an innovation-driven technology company designed to deliver health and well-being services which address gaps in access to care, spiraling
healthcare costs, and the pain points faced by both consumers and businesses. MediXall is structured to provide solutions that are proactive
and preventive versus the current reactive system, structured primarily on treating the sick , which is inherently costly. 

We started Health Karma in response
to the design and delivery flaws we saw in the American health care system. We believe that these flaws made healthcare too expensive,
reactionary, and inconvenient for far too many Americans to obtain quality health care and maintain their health. Since inception, we
have been focused on changing the way individuals access, interact with, and consume healthcare. Our mission is simple: we want to provide
easy access to health and wellbeing solutions to consumers and businesses, while reducing what consumers and businesses pay for it. 

As the U.S. healthcare market
remains opaque and highly fragmented for consumers, even simple healthcare transactions, such as finding a doctor, scheduling routine
procedures or filling a prescription at an affordable price, can be difficultAs a result, Americans are often neglected by the health
care system, whether or not by choice, and those who would otherwise be more proactive fail to access care due to the health care system s
inherent complexity. 

Recognizing that these trends
are not sustainable, Health Karma is focused on addressing these problems by providing solutions that shift healthcare from a one-size-fits
all model to a more personalized experience built around each individual and each company - reducing and even removing layers of complexity
that healthcare system brings. We believe that a new healthcare
model, one that places the consumer at the center of the healthcare ecosystem, can help to improve their health care access while reducing
what they pay for it. 

1 

To accomplish this, we developed
Health Karma as a robust digital healthcare platform providing a single place for healthcare consumers and organizations to turn for personalized
information, programs, and resources needed to understand, access, and manage their health and well-being. Focusing on the individual,
Health Karma gives people information they need to access the right level of care from the start, when and where they need it, and provide
ongoing support, thereby saving money for companies and their employees, while also improving care. 

MediXall Group is reimagining
how Americans access and afford care to give people a more consumer-centric way to manage their health wellbeing: immediate, seamless,
affordable, and tailored to their unique needs: 

Easy and accessible healthcare Making healthcare
easy to understand and use through the entire health journey from onboarding and monitoring to everyday use. Users can actively
and confidently engage with their health anywhere, anytime they want and not just when it is convenient for the healthcare providers. 

Personalized health experience Empowering users
to take charge of their health and well-being through targeted health campaigns that come with relevant programs, resources and education. 

Always-on service Delivering immediate support
to solve healthcare-related questions and address health-related concerns throughout the health experience. 

2 

We have engineered the Health
Karma Platform to be scalable and to grow beyond its current offerings. The flexibility of the Platform enables us to seamlessly integrate
and quickly launch new services, expand service offerings or enter new verticals in a cost- effective manner. This has enabled us to acquire
and integrate synergistic offerings, such as Responders 1 st Call , Workers 1 st Call Report , and
Student 1 st Call which help us better serve both our members and employer/organization clients. 

MediXall Group is currently
comprised of the following five solutions: 

Health Karma 
 With Health Karma, we have created a unique membership model that
provides consumers with convenient and affordable access to best-in-class care, whenever and wherever, while driving down overall healthcare
costs. We provide our members access to licensed healthcare providers across a wide and growing spectrum of care through 0 copay virtual
primary, urgent, behavioral, and pet care, as well as significant discounts to prescriptions, dental care, eye care, and hearing. For
employers, our Health Karma membership offers a comprehensive way for them to offer supplemental health benefits to all of their employees,
including part-time and gig workers, which include independent contractors, on-demand platform workers (ie Uber, Lyft, etc.), freelancer,
and other temporary workers, who typically are not eligible for benefits. The Health Karma membership is also targeted for the small companies
who cannot afford to provide health insurance to their employees as well as an adjunct for high-deductible health insurance plans. 

Health Karma Behavioral
Health The behavioral health market has traditionally been underserved for a number of reasons, including as a result
of inadequate access, a limited universe of qualified providers, high cost and social stigma. That is why we created Health Karma Behavioral
to focus on providing mental health care exactly when and how is needed, instead of waiting six weeks for an appointment to see a psychiatrist.
We believe this specialized offering for behavioral health can help to removes or reduces these burdens associated with traditional face-to-face
mental health services by improving convenience through 24/7 access to our platform, providing more accessible entry level price points,
and reducing associated stigmas by promoting easier access and preserving privacy. Health Karma Behavioral provides our members both the
ability to speak to a therapist in-the moment they need it or schedule a call or video chat with a therapist within 24 hours. 

Workers 1 st 
Call Report - Workers 1st Call Report is a 24/7/365 pre-claim, preemptive solution to reduce work comp
claims, costs, fraud and unnecessary and over-utilized case management. The program combines behavioral health consultations to mitigate
the primary reasons injuries happen in the workplace which is distracted employees along with Registered Nurse triage to mitigate minor
injuries from becoming a work comp claim integrated into an easy-to-access, plug-and-play program. 

Responders 1 st 
Call - Responders 1st Call is a confidential, anonymous in-the-moment 24/7/365 solution for First Responders to destress
and digest traumatic situations which could lead to a work comp claim, disability, or suicide. This program provides in-the-moment consultations
to the First Responder and their family to address work-related or personal, emotional, or behavioral health issues, or other issues interfering
with responsibilities at work or home. 

Student 1 st 
Call - Student 1 st Call is a solution for in the moment confidential access to master-level clinicians targeted
for college age student population to help with depression, stress, sleep, addiction, relationship problems, anxiety, grief, and more.
Our evidenced-based assessment and clinician-led consultation sets the student on a clear path for emotional support. 

By bringing the Workers 1st Call,
Responders 1st Call and Student 1 st Call programs into the Health Karma ecosystem, we believe we are better positioned to meet
the growing industry needs by allowing us to collectively build out our employer client base with more coverage options, enhance our distribution
footprint, and strengthen our operational capacity to meet growing customer demands. With the addition of the 1st Call products, Health
Karma is uniquely equipped to meet the growing needs of the Small to Medium Businesses, as well as individuals and families across the
nation. 

We believe the addition of these
new programs will help to further enrich our membership model by creating a comprehensive and interconnected offering that delivers a
virtuous circle of value for consumers, employers and partners. 

We generate revenue from the membership
payments of companies, organization memberships, and consumer subscription fees, which are typically a 12-month commitment in nature,
providing significant revenue visibility. Through our per-membership-per-month PMPM subscription model, we enter into
contracts with our employer customers that pay a fixed monthly rate based on the total number of Memberships. In most cases, Employees
and their Dependents have unlimited access to our Platform and do not pay extra fees for increased utilization, unless they wish to access
services outside the scope of those covered by the subscription. 

3 

We see exciting growth potential
as we continue to attract new members through our existing offerings, launch new offerings to address more of the healthcare needs of
consumers employers, and improve Americans access to health while reducing what they pay for it. As we extend our platform,
we believe that we can create multiple monetization opportunities at different stages of the consumer healthcare journey, enabling us
to drive higher expected consumer lifetime value without significant additional consumer acquisition costs. 

Focusing on the Underserved Small Employer and
Individual Market 

The primary reason the landscape
of healthcare offerings has not evolved to solve this problem until recently is due to many companies solely focusing on creating solutions
and businesses models targeting large self-insured employers and payors, leaving the small-to-midsize employer and individual market completely
underserved. 

Over the last 10 years, multiple
generations of healthcare technology companies struggled to get lift-off and scale, not because their products and services weren t
transformative for this market, but because they failed to find an executable path for sustainable distribution and value capture. We
believe the lack of maturity of the underlying distribution has been arguably the most significant bottleneck in the adoption
and growth of healthcare solutions for this market. 

We believe there are three
reasons why existing providers haven t focused on this market. First, small and midsize businesses (SMBs), and individuals are fragmented
and hard to reach. Relative to the value they bring in, the cost of reaching and serving them has traditionally been too high to warrant
the effort unless you can sell multiple products to them. Second, there is significant signup friction for benefits and healthcare products.
Lastly, benefits products can be costly for SMBs to offer to employees, which results in many just forgoing benefits altogether. The lack
of access to simple, low-cost healthcare and benefits solutions has had a significant impact on the recruitment and retention efforts
of SMBs and the well-being of their employees. 

 But we believe where there is
a gap, there is an opportunity. This is why we have put tremendous focus into building out a unique distribution engine that capitalizes
on the current infrastructure of health insurance distribution and merges it with proven strategies from B2C and B2B2C from other industries. 

Our Unique Distribution Engine 

Our Distribution is currently
made up of five pillars: 

Employer Groups 

 Providing health benefits to employees
is costly, complicated, and time-consuming for SMBs. While larger organizations are starting to realize the cost of traditional group
health insurance is becoming unsustainable, the annual rate hikes and increasing premium prices are even more of a concern for SMBs with
smaller budgets to dedicate to their employees healthcare. 

With fewer employees, SMBs also
have a much harder time meeting a group health insurance plan s minimum participation requirement. Whether they have a lot of employees
still on their parents insurance, older employees who qualify for Medicare, or others who simply don t want to participate
in a group health plan, SMBs need a more flexible health benefits solution. The reliance on part-time employees and 1099 employees by
SMBs also precludes those type of workers being eligible for health insurance. With Health Karma, we saw an opportunity to provide a comprehensive
solution for SMBs brings many of the benefits, resources, tools, and advantages big companies have historically had. With Health Karma,
we wanted SMB owners to be able to afford solutions that can make their employees healthier and happier. 

With fewer tiers in the organization s
hierarchy and less people involved in the decision-making process, one of the benefits to working with SMBs is they generally have a much
quicker buying process than larger employers. Health Karma is focused on 3 types of employers 

Employers that don t offer insurance or that have a high number
of part time, 1099, or employees without social security numbers. These type of employees are in many cases their highest area of
turnover, which costs a ton of money, but health insurance doesn t consider those employees to be benefits eligible. And they likely
have wanted to provide something, but health insurance is just too expensive anyway even if they were eligible. 

4 

Employers that offer health insurance coverage that have a high deductible. 
Most companies have had to increase deductibles year after year after year to battle the double-digit health insurance increases. So,
a totally typical plan may have a 3,000 deductible for an individual and 6,000 deductible for family. You think that person that needs
mental health counseling or a doctor s visit is going to be rethinking if they even go because they will have to pay it all out
of pocket and they still need to pay for gas, food and their rent and all that is going up. You don t address things at the initial
level, and they turn into a crisis which results in lost work time and productivity and more expense for the employer. 

Employers that have high Workers Comp claims . According to the National
Safety Council, in the United States in 2021, a worker is injured on the job every 7 seconds. This equates to 7 million work injuries
per year and a total cost of over 160 billion. Approximately 70 of workplace injuries are minor and do not need clinical intervention.
Overextension, slip, trip, falls, contact with equipment account for 86 of workplace injuries. This issue is compounded by the number
of fraudulent injuries exacerbated by aggressive litigators. If work comp fraud were a legitimate business, it would rank among Fortune
500 companies. SMB have limited resources to address the injured worker other than sending them to urgent care or ER regardless of the
severity of the injury. Plus, the required work comp state regulatory and OSHA injury reports pose a significant burden on the smaller
businesses with no risk insurance personnel. 

Health Insurance Brokers General Agencies 

 Most employers do not manage
benefits selection alone thousands of licensed and trained insurance brokers serve as trusted advisors to small and large businesses,
helping employers and their employees navigate the complexity of benefits. According to MetLife s 15 th Annual
U.S. Employee Benefits Trend Study, over 80 of small and midsize businesses work with insurance brokers to manage their benefits. These
insurance brokers serve as a key intermediary between insurance carriers seeking to access a widely dispersed SMB population, which often
lacks dedicated personnel and technology budgets to fully self-direct critical benefit decisions. They play a crucial role in educating
SMBs about their health benefit options. Health insurance brokers and agents are experts in helping their clients select the right set
of products. 

When it comes to the selling,
education and distribution of health benefits (can include health, dental, life and other types of insurance) to small employers, mid-size
employers, individuals, associations and some large employers it is that insurance broker who is providing that key role. The broker is
talking to the business owner and the human resources team to sell or renew policies and adjust and make changes according to the needs.
Often a relationship has been built over many years and that company relies on their broker for advice each year on their benefit package.
In addition, there are brokers attempting to expand their business and they are looking for unique benefits to help them get access to
a new client. Many employers won t add an additional health benefit without discussing it first with their broker. 

This is why health insurance brokers
are a key pillar to our distribution, as they provide an immense expansion of our sales efforts with our Health Karma and our Workers
1 st and Responders 1 st call solutions. To accelerate the expansion of our health insurance broker relationships,
we also look to partner with General Agencies. These organizations provide brokers the administrative support, product education and home
base to build up their business. By partnering with the organization, we are able to access 100s and sometimes 1000s of brokers
without having to onboard and train each one individually. 

We believe we have built a robust
and extensive partnership network in the health insurance industry with distribution agreements with many leading insurance agencies in
their respective states, such as BHC Insurance, the third largest independent insurance agency in Arkansas, and Gem State Financial, a
leading Idaho-based General Agency. We have been able to increase the reach of our partnership network through an Affinity Marketing Partnership
agreement with the National Association of Health Underwriters, a professional association representing more than 100,000 health insurance
agents, benefits professionals, consultants, and brokers, from both small and large health insurance companies throughout the United States.
The Partnership enables NAHU brokers to market the Health Membership in combination with various insurance products or self-insured plans.
This expands NAHU members ability to work with organizations to provide additional benefits for employees with customized membership
options to enhance existing benefits packages or to open the door to benefits for non-traditional, gig and part-time workers. 

5 

Associations, Chambers, Other membership organizations 

 Associations, Chambers of Commerce
and other types of organizations are a large driver of our distribution engine, as it enables us to drive significant reach to very targeted
member populations. These organizations look to drive revenue in two ways, through member dues and non due revenue. Health
Karma can help increase both. Associations and other membership organizations will enter into agreements with us to offer Health Karma
to their own end-user customers or members as a benefit, a reward or a component of a loyalty program. In addition to helping increase
member dues, Health Karma also becomes a new source of non-due revenue through a revenue share on new membership driven through the organization. 

Municipalities and Public Service Departments 

 According to the National League
of Cities data, there are 36,000 municipalities and local governments in the United States, of which 18,700 are municipalities of less
than 50,000 lives, 16,360 are town and townships, and 4,031 are county governments. These smaller municipalities and governments are dealing
with the same issues and pain points as with smaller companies; namely many 1099, part-timers and other employees with limited health
benefits, issues in dealing with workplace injuries and work comp claims, fraud, and reporting requirements. Our Health Karma and Workers
1 st Call solutions address these issues and pain points. 

When you look at Public Service
Departments and the First Responder market, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, there are over 800,000 law
enforcement officers in the US; according to the US National Fire Department registry there are 1.2 million fire fighters of which 795,00
are volunteer; according to the National Association of State EMS Officials, there are 219,000 EMS professionals, and according to the
US Bureau of Labor Statistics, there are approximately 400,000 correction officers in the US; represented by 75,000 departments or organizations.
This represents the market opportunity for Responders 1 st Call to mitigate trauma, PTSD, disability and suicide ideations for
our First Responders. And this does not include the 800,000 ER nurses and doctors according to Zippia Emergency Room Statistics and the
NIH, plus the 2 million active and reserve military according to Defense Department personnel data and over 2 million retired military
according to Statista 2023 . who can benefit from the virtual technology embedded in our Responders 1 st Call product which
is an effective treatment for trauma and PTSD. 

Colleges and Universities 

 According to the National
Center for Education Statistics (NCES), there are approximately 6,000 colleges and universities in the US of which 4,000 are
degree-granting institutions. According to the National Student Clearinghouse Research Center, undergrad enrollments in 2021 were 17.5
million representing a decline of almost 10 after the pandemic. Further almost 600 institutions have closed over the last 3 years. With
the effects of the pandemic retention and recruitment is a critical issue for higher education along with the increasing concern on how
to support the mental and emotional well-being of their student population. 

Our Market Opportunity 

Since inception, we have been
focused on changing the way consumers access, interact with and consume healthcare. In the United States, healthcare spending grew to
 4.1 trillion in 2020 and is expected to reach 6.2 trillion by 2028, according to the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services.
However, it is not always clear what the employer group or individual consumer receives in return for this massive spending. We believe
that a new healthcare model, one that places the consumer at the center of the healthcare ecosystem, can help to improve their health
care access while reducing what they pay for it. 

6 

Evolving
Attitudes Among Consumers and Employers Towards Virtual Medicine 

Supported by increasing deregulation
and broad societal shifts, demand for and provision of virtual medical and behavioral health services is surging. Telehealth enables more
efficient allocation and utilization of existing clinical resources that could otherwise go unused. With an aging population requiring
more complex care and a younger generation that is accustomed to digital technology, telehealth offers an efficient way to leverage finite
resources. In the coming years, the telehealth market is positioned for significant growth. The demand for telehealth services is clear
among younger generations. According to a survey by Harmony Healthcare IT, three out of four millennials would rather search for medical
advice online versus seeing a doctor in-person. These younger generations represent the future of the healthcare system, and telehealth
can be at the center of their care experience. 

Healthcare is a Top Priority for Employers 

To attract and retain staff, employers
are looking to make significant investments in health benefits; yet, as commercial insurance costs have reached record highs, employers
and employees remain frustrated. Barriers to accessing timely care during the day and after business hours cause employees to miss work
and lose productivity. As a result, many employees self-direct themselves to higher cost settings such as emergency rooms. Efficient healthcare
needs to be available 24/7/365 from anywhere that employee happens to be. 

Rising health care costs are causing
many employers to question whether they can afford to offer health benefits to their employees. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation s
2021 Employer Health Benefits Survey, it costs up to 21,804 each year for employer-sponsored family health coverage for covered workers
in small firms. 

As costs continue to rise, a common
way to offset them is to adjust benefits, such as increasing deductibles or copays, lowering coinsurance and increasing out-of-pocket
limits. At a certain point, when the benefits become too lean, employees perception of their benefits deteriorates. 

7 

Health Insurance is Tailored to Large Enterprises
not Small Businesses 

In November 2021, Americans quit
jobs at a record pace with about 4.5 million workers quitting their jobs, the most since the Bureau of Labor Statistics started publishing
the data in 2000. In the Great Resignation, small businesses face an uphill battle for labor. Some employees are leaving for
better pay and benefits, while some are leaving the workforce and relying on government programs. 

Small business owners are still
managing the reality that the number of job openings exceeds the number of unemployed workers, producing a tight labor market. In the
January 2022 Jobs Report survey from the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB), 47 of independent businesses said they had
job openings they struggled to fill, which far exceeds the 48-year historical average of 23 . Moreover, 50 of small business owners reported
raising compensation in part to stay competitive as employers and attract applicants to their open position, which is another 48-year
record high reading. 

Small businesses defined
as 500 employees or less by the US Small Business Administration (SBA) are a key part of economic growth and job creation in the
United States. The US Small Business Administration said in 2019 that they accounted for two-thirds of net new jobs. According to the
SBA 2021 Small Business Profile, there are over 32 million small business in the US, making up 99.9 of all US businesses and providing
employment for 61.2 million Americans. More jobs are also traditionally created by small businesses and new company formation than by
large corporations, with small companies creating 1.5 million jobs annually which accounts for 64 of new jobs, according to the Small
Business Administration. 

Small businesses, like their larger
counterparts, have not been shielded from the increasing cost of health care. Without advantages such as a larger pool of insured employees,
more bargaining power with health insurance companies, and the benefit of full-time human resources personnel, small-business owners are
often left with little recourse and few options when a health insurance carrier hikes costs. In addition, many small employers have been
hanging on during the pandemic and are just starting to rebound. They may not be able to afford full insurance, but they need their employees
to stay, as turnover is costly. 

The Rise of the Independent Worker, Freelancer,
and 1099 (Changing Workforce) 

With the slow transition away
from traditional employment and rise of independent labor over the past decade, the U.S. economy has experienced a significant shift in
how employees choose to work. The pandemic has served as a catalyst for deeper change with respect to Americans embrace of the
gig economy. The gig economy is characterized by short-term, flexible jobs that businesses offer to freelancers and independent contractors
instead of traditional, full-time employees. What seemed like a gradual uptick in interest for freelance and gig work up until 2019 has
now exploded into the mainstream. 

While approximately 156 million
Americans, about half the U.S. population, gets health insurance through an employer, now more than one-third of the workforce works in
the gig economy full- or part-time, according to Upwork s study of the U.S. independent workforce, Freelance Forward:2020. 
Covid-19 only accelerated this trend towards the gig economy with Upwork s data showing that 12 of workers started freelancing
during the pandemic. And there may be no turning back; 60 of people who had taken up freelancing reported that no amount of money would
convince them to take a traditional job again. 

The pandemic also magnified the
fundamental problems in the traditional employer benefit system for Americans. People who lost their jobs and took up independent work
were forced to find their own benefits or go without coverage during the pandemic. Today, nearly 70 million Americans, representing more
than one-third of the total U.S. workforce earn income as freelancers and that figure is expected to swell to 90 million to by 2028, according
to Statistica. Despite the trend however, this group of people are underserved compared to W2 full-time employees. The challenge of accessing
benefits isn t just limited to independent workers either. Many employees, particularly part-time employees, do not have access
to benefits through their employers. As of January 2022, the Bureau of Labor Statics reported over 25 million part-time workers are in
the US. With this changing workforce, the needs of independent and part-time workers will only become more central in the U.S. 

8 

We believe that favorable macro-economic
trends, in combination with the expansion of our capabilities, present significant opportunities for on-demand and consumer driven healthcare
to address the most pressing, universal healthcare challenges through solutions, such as the Health Karma s. At the same time, the
emergence of technology platforms solving massive structural challenges in other industries has highlighted the need for similar solutions
in healthcare. We believe there is a significant opportunity to solve these challenges through affordable easy-to access online solutions
to health and wellcare, such as ours, that matches consumer demand, offering health plans and employers an attractive, cost-effective
healthcare alternative for their beneficiaries, and addressing pain points such as work comp claims and costs. We believe that MediXall
Group provides solutions to address these challenges. 

Health Karma Platform 

At MediXall Group, we empower
consumers both individual consumers and SMBs to make smarter healthcare decisions with confidence via our digital platform.
Technology has changed the way consumers manage their healthcare, making them more comfortable with comparing and accessing healthcare
services online. This change has accelerated with the dramatic growth in companies offering innovative healthcare products and services.
At Health Karma, we are leveraging this transformation to improve peoples access to health care while reducing what they pay for
it ultimately helping to improve the well-being of consumers and the healthcare industry as a whole. As the healthcare industry
becomes more fragmented and complex, our value proposition as a trusted, independent platform for consumers increases. 

Powered by our own proprietary
full stack technology platform, we have built a suite of services that enable us to earn our members trust, leverage the power
of personalized data, and help our members access quality care they can afford. 

The Health Karma Platform was
purpose-built to seamlessly connect our existing and future health and wellness programs into one Platform to help drive real member and
customer outcomes. We have built our Platform from the ground up to solve the unique challenges of individual consumers as well as organizations
and their members. 

We believe that the Health Karma
Platform helps solve many of the common pain points for both Consumers and Employers when launching, administering, and maintaining health
and wellness-related programs. By seamlessly integrating best-in-class providers into one Platform, users get the same, consistent user
experience, without fumbling for passwords across multiple programs or struggling to remember where to access each benefit. Built as a
modular solution Health Karma can scale up depending on the unique needs of each member or employer customer by adding programs over time. 

As we continue to bring the Health
Karma experience to new members, new employers, and new markets, our goal will remain the same: to build engagement, earn trust, and help
our members stay healthy and well. 

9 

Complete Solution to Manage the Consumer Healthcare
Journey 

Health Karma offers a simple and
intuitive consumer experience that enables our users to take control of their health care decisions. 

That experience begins with trust
and engagement, which we earn by providing our users with features that help them navigate the many disconnected elements of the healthcare
ecosystem. When our users adopt these tools, we not only streamline their day-to-day interactions with the healthcare system and improve
user satisfaction, but we also obtain valuable data that enables a better understanding of their unique health care needs. Trust, engagement,
and personalized data allow us to guide our users to the providers that can give them the right care, including virtual care, at the right
time and right cost. Our technology stack will also permit us to offer personalized insights and benefits. Our ability to deliver a high-value
product, in turn, creates more trust, engagement, and in time, enhances our ability to provide personalized, data-driven insights. 

An important aspect of our approach
to building trust and engaging members is to engage with them through whatever channel is most comfortable for them. Whether it is a secure
in-app message to answer coverage and benefit questions, a consultation with a licensed medical provider in the middle of the night through
our telehealth offering, talking immediately with a licensed, behavioral health clinician 24/7/365 to address common emotional well-being
and behavioral health concerns, we are there for our users when they need us most. In this way, we are building a consumer-centric experience
more similar to what consumers experience from a best-in-class technology or consumer products company than from a traditional health
care organization. 

10 

Our management and team have shared
values in bringing our brand to life through materials, communications, content and interactions. From the first touch point our members
feel our commitment to delivering a service that focuses on their needs. In addition to employing A/B testing to increase engagement and
utilization, we simplify the often-complex language used in health care and insurance so that our users feel confident and comfortable
with the choices they make. 

Our MediXall Group Solutions: 

Health Karma 

Whether a member is insured or
uninsured, their Health Karma membership makes it easy for them to access healthcare services through a convenient, virtual platform.
For an affordable monthly cost, members get access to the following programs: 

0 Co-Pay services: 

Virtual Primary Care Physician
(PCP) - Our Primary Care team will manage our members health in many of the same ways as a traditional primary care
physician just over the phone or through video chat, and without any charges outside of the monthly membership fee. With Virtual
Primary Care members can: 

Pick a dedicated provider from the Health Karma network that will see the
member at every follow up visit. 

Manage chronic conditions like asthma and diabetes with ongoing treatment
plans. 

Receive prescriptions for treatment as needed. 

Make an appointment to connect by phone, computer, or tablet from any location
that is convenient for the member. 

Pay 0 when members have an appointment - all visits are included in the
membership fee. 

Request and get an appointment in as few as 24 hours! 

Receive an annual wellness visit with a metabolic panel (see all tests included
in the panel in the details) included for 0. 

11 

Urgent Medical Care 
 When care can t wait, members can request Virtual consultations with a licensed Medical Doctor 24/7/365 for non-emergency incidents
which require care within 24 hours, like colds, flu, stomach ailments, UTIs, and more. Health Karma members can use Urgent Care when they
have minor illnesses or injuries that can't wait to be treated or that can be fully addressed in one or two visits . 

Emotional Well-Being and Behavioral
Health - Getting help with emotional health can be difficult. Health Karma provides on-demand, in-the-moment support wherever members
call from by connecting them and their immediate family with a master s level therapist. The therapist can help our members with
concerns like anxiety, stress, depression, addiction, and any other life/work balance or emotional health issue. Consultations are available
24/7 for immediate, in-the-moment help no need for a call-back or to schedule a consultation. Consultations are confidential and
are generally up to 30 minutes in length. In addition, when appropriate, the therapist may provide our members guided solutions materials
via email. The clinician may also suggest additional steps and referrals to other resources and professional care. Health Karma s
Virtual Behavioral Health Solution includes: 

24/7 immediate in-the-moment consultations with master s level behavioral
health clinicians 

Secure, HIPAA compliant virtual consultations up to 30 minutes in duration 

Intake and assessment of the member s problems/concerns at the time 

Personally directed clinically recommended, guided solutions 
addressing members concerns. 

When an employee or family member calls in multiple times a year for the
same specific issue, our clinicians may make recommendations for appropriate additional levels of care. 

 Health Karma
Pets - 24/7/365 virtual consultations with licensed veterinarians to discuss pet health, wellness, behavioral, and training issues.
Includes a Pet Drug Card with prescription savings up to 75 at pharmacies nationwide. 

 Message Medical
Specialists with 24-hour response - Ask medical questions to our board-certified physicians, psychologists, pharmacists, dentists,
dietitians, and fitness trainers. 

 0 Copay Medications 
- access to 37 commonly prescribed medications ranging from antibiotics to pain management, and more, at no charge . 

 Psychology 
 Scheduled access to a licensed Psychologist available M-F 8:00 am - 5:00 pm central standard time. Each up to 45-minute session
fee is 100. 

 Psychiatry 
 Consult with a US- based board-certified Psychiatrist who can diagnose, treat, and prescribe medication with no referral required.
The initial scheduled consultation fee is 215 with follow up consultation fees being 100 per visit 

 HealthCare Advocate 
 Access to dedicated subject-matter experts who provide professional support regarding healthcare costs, benefits coverage, in-network
providers, second opinions, help with medical bills, insurance plans, etc. 

 Discount Programs 

 Health Karma
Rx With Health Karma Rx, our members have access to prescription savings with discounted pricing of approximately 60 on average,
available through 65,000 pharmacies across the U.S. 

 Lab Services 
 Up to 50 discount at participating Quest Diagnostics lab facilities. Lab services include tests for wellness, women's health,
sexual health, and other common tests. 

12 

Dental Services 
 - As part of the Health Karma membership, members have access to discount saving program offered by an industry leader in dental
care Careington International Corporation. With one of the largest dental networks in the nation and its member-transparent pricing, Careington
International Corporation is one of the most recognized professional dental networks in the nation. With our dental program Health Karma
members can save 20 to 50 on most dental procedures including routine oral exams, unlimited cleanings, and major work such as dentures,
root canals, and crowns. 

 Vision Services 
 Our discount vision program offers Health Karma members savings on eye care and eyewear the VSP Vision Savings Pass. Special prices
on eye care and eyewear through trusted, private-practice Vision Saving Pass (VSP) network of doctors with15-20 savings on eye exams
and special pricing on glasses and sunglasses. 

 Hearing Services 
 Health Karma members have access to hearing aid discounts from 30 to 60 at over 5,500 network providers nationwide through
EPIC Hearing. Additional no charge services include routine hearing test, one-year supply of batteries, extended manufacturer s
warranty, and follow-up visits for one year. 

 Vitamins and
Supplements Health Karma members save 25 off Swanson Brand products and 5 - 15 off most other products on Swanson website;
plus free shipping on orders over 50; and 100 money-back guarantee. 

Workers 1 st Call Report Solution 

Work comp cost and claims are
a major issue for all businesses but especially for SMBs. 

The National Safety Council estimates that the total cost of work injuries
in 2020 was 164 billion; representing a cost of 1,100 per employee. 

If work comp fraud were a legitimate business, it would rank among Fortune
500 companies according to Property Casualty 360. 

Finally, filing all the required state and OSHA work comp reports is a huge
burden for SMBs. Liberty Mutual: delayed reporting of an injury by 1 week increases claims by 10 , 30 days by 50 

 Seventy percent of physical workplace
injuries are minor and do not require sending the injured worker to Urgent Care or the ER. Overextension, slip, trip, falls, contact with
equipment account for 86 of injuries according to the NCCI. Further presenteeism meaning being at work but distracted are
one of the primary causes of workplace injuries. According to Workers Compensation.com, 75 of employees struggle with an issue which
affects their mental health. 

Workers 1 st Call 
Report is a pre-claim, preemptive, 24/7/365 solution for both physical and mental injuries and incidences addressing all these issues
by providing the following solutions: 

Virtual 24/7/365 immediate on-demand consultation with master s level
behavioral health clinicians to address employees emotional and behavioral issues thereby keeping them focused, on-the-job and safe 

Behavioral Risk Mitigation support for Frontline supervisors via coaching
with experienced behavioral health clinicians to provide immediate support to identify and assist possible at-risk employees. 

24/7/365 telehealth access to US-based Registered Nurses employing a proprietary
algorithm which provides the proper level of care for the injured worker. 9 years of evidenced-based results with thousands of companies
show that over 43 of the injuries can be handled with self- or home-care vs Urgent Care or ER thereby preventing a work comp claim. 

Immediately after the triage, the RN prepares and distributes all the required
reports including the Incident Report, Provider Notice, First Report of Injury, and the OSHA reports. 

13 

Responders 1 st Call Solution 

Our First Responders need
support to address the stress, anxiety, depression and suicide ideation on them and their immediate family. With traumatic incidents impacting
First Responders and medical personnel and the cost of mental health claims and suicides in those populations, Responders 1 st Call
was created to help First Responders and their families through emotional and behavioral health concerns. The Responders 1 st 
Call offering includes: 

Trauma
 Helpline provides 24/7/365 confidential, informal, and anonymous consultations
 with experienced behavioral health clinicians experienced in critical incident stress management
 and guides First Responders to compartmentalize trauma. 

Behavioral
 Health Consultations for all immediate Family members - address and alleviate work or
 personal behavioral/emotional health issues. 

Behavioral
 Risk Management Consultations provides management with in-the-moment support
 to quickly identify, deal with, and deploy appropriate resources for at-risk 
 employees. 

Peer
 Support, Wellness, HR Consultations provides guidance for intervention strategies,
 helps determine when a situation is emergent or high-risk, strategizes how to refer/connect
 a fellow responder to a clinician trusted by the agency/employer. 

Virtual
 EMDR An online virtual treatment to overcome PTSD and trauma through Virtual
 Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing. The program is endorsed by the World Health
 Organization, Veterans Administration, Dept of Defense, American Psychiatric Assoc. 

Student 1 st Call Solution 

The students at our colleges
and universities are dealing with emotional health. Returning to campus, regenerating friendships, lack of trust, loss of hope are a few
reasons why students need a dedicated confidential, anonymous in-the-moment emotional health support program. Student 1 st 
Call was created for universities and school districts to delivers this to their student base. Student 1 st Call provides: 

24/7/365 confidential and anonymous in the moment tele- or secure video
behavioral health consultations and assessments by experienced master s level clinicians 

Consultation and training for faculty and staff to help identify and provide
support for at-risk students 

Referral if required to additional mental health care and treatment if assessed
as necessary 

Medical benefit coordination with the student s or parents 
health coverage if required 

 Our Growth Opportunities 

Expand clients and B2B offering.
 We expect to meaningfully expand our B2B channel through both the addition of new employer and group clients, as well as a focus on
driving deeper penetration rates within our existing clients. We plan to add new B2B clients by contracting with additional regional and
national general insurance agencies, accelerating our outbound marketing efforts, leveraging our broker and consultant relationships and
continuing to penetrate the massively underserved part-time, independent, and the smaller employer worker market. Additionally, we are
focused on further developing our dedicated internal B2B sales team solely focused on expanding our B2B client base across our different
verticals as well as driving penetration within existing contracts by cross-sales with our various MediXall Group solutions an
effort we expect to drive significant traction within the near-term. Within our existing employer base, we plan to drive penetration and
engagement with an invested focus on client success. Additionally, because of our embedded position serving the B2B customer base, we
believe we are well-positioned to innovate and lay the groundwork for additional services that drive value for their members such as navigation
across the ever-changing health and wellness landscape. 

Continue expanding B2C user
base through Associations and increase engagement. Through our expanding client base of associations and performance marketing initiatives
drive penetration with these associations, we will continue to focus on growing consumer member acquisition and activation. We expect
this strategy to be further complemented by sustained investment in our platform capabilities, as well as through continuing to leverage
our growing brand awareness. We believe our growth opportunity in both health and wellness to be substantial. In addition, as a result
of the end-to-end nature of our platform, we believe we are well-positioned to create care continuity for our members across a broader
range of health and wellness verticals. We plan to drive further engagement of our existing member base by expanding our offerings beyond
our current programs to include capabilities such as enhanced behavioral and emotional well-being offerings, wearable (i.e. Apple Watch,
FitBit) integration, Wellness challenges and rewards, and medical records transfer in order to drive higher member lifetime engagement
and value. We use a strategic and disciplined approach to scaling our marketing budget, as we believe we are able to achieve efficient
spend levels on a per-customer basis by leveraging the Health Karma brand, the breadth of our MediXall Group solutions, and strong relationships
with outbound and inbound marketing channels. 

14 

Opportunistic M A and Product
Development. We are well positioned to further expand our solution set through opportunistic acquisitions or product development responsive
to the evolving and expanding needs of our client base. Our technology platform is built to easily integrate with non-native technologies
and to offer a single cohesive platform. We plan to use a disciplined approach to strategically acquire complementary capabilities and
service lines. These may include, but are not limited to, healthcare FinTech platforms, Third-party data providers, wellness and coaching
platforms, workers comp solutions, and other virtual behavioral and care coordination platforms. 

MediXall Group Technology 

The underlying technology for
MediXall Group is a highly scalable, integrated, application program interface or API-driven technology platform. This enables the platform
to accommodate the seamless and quick introduction of new services, technologies and functionality that we have introduced through strategic
partnerships. 

Our platform is built on a modern
cloud-based technology stack, employing Agile development cycles and a DevOps approach to infrastructure. This approach allows us to evolve
and improve our platform at a faster pace than using a traditional software development and infrastructure management process. Our technology
platform is updated frequently, without long upgrade cycles. Our modular, service-oriented architecture utilizes API standards for ease
of implementing new functionalities and integrating with external systems. By designing our product as a platform, we have created an
overarching infrastructure where consumer data, preferences, and third-party partners can all interact through Health Karma s API.
Data is the heart of our technology so because of this we have the potential to integrate machine learning and natural language processing
to automate recommendations and workflows, uncovering insights that we can incorporate back into the design platform. 

This enables our platform to act
as a sales channel for other companies. We can deliver other s state-of-the-art technology and applications through our platform.
Similar to other two-sided marketplaces, the platform can bring innovative new products to consumers and employers, while at the same
time opening up distribution and revenue opportunities for other health companies. Furthermore, we believe that this will generate a virtuous
cycle, leveraging our growing customer base to attract the best healthcare partners (and vice versa)-increasing value for all stakeholders. 

Our proprietary technology platform
powers all aspects of our company: engaging members, supporting partners, and advancing business objectives. Our technology is grounded
in human-centered design thinking and leverages insights from behavioral interaction. Our product designers and engineers collaborate
closely with our operational team members, as well as healthcare advisors and partners in the Health Karma Network to observe and then
optimize workflows. We employ user testing and experiment-driven design (such as A/B testing) to enhance our member and partner experiences. 

With the opportunities and growth
trajectory in front of the company, we believe our skilled internal development team is uniquely positioned to make critical real-time
product development decisions, enabling us to be responsive and stay ahead of the competition. 

Sales Marketing 

MediXall Group focuses on member
growth through the distribution channel partners previously described. We use marketing and sales strategies tailored for each distribution
and market channel to reach consumers, employees, as well as employee benefits leaders. Employer marketing and sales strategies also include
account-based marketing, business development initiatives, and client service teams focused on customer acquisition, employee enrollment,
and member engagement. We derive employer sales through a direct sales force, focused on large enterprises, and channel partners primarily
for small and medium businesses and organizations, which enables us to distribute all our MediXall Group solutions to the market efficiently. 

Employer Sales Marketing 

With the roll out of MediXall
Group solutions to employers, we are developing and expanding our in-house employer sales force to be comprised of sales professionals
who will be organized by each of the unique MediXall Group solution, geography, customer size, and industry. We support our sales force
in several ways, including through account-based marketing resources and the deployment of a business development team to educate employer
decision makers on the benefits of offering Health Karma to their employees. We also leverage sales analytics to further support lead
generation. Additionally, our account management and client success team actively manages our customer accounts, provides in-depth support,
and cross-sells the client to other MediXall Group solutions which address their pain points. 

Also, we work with channel partners
such as associations, chambers, payroll and professional employer organizations to reach small and medium businesses and organizations.
Additionally, we partner with select regional and national benefits brokers and consultants to educate and sell potential customers on
our offerings. 

15 

Consumer Sales Marketing 

When we market and sell directly
to individuals, we initially plan to focus on increasing brand awareness, followed by performance marketing targeted toward user acquisition,
activation and engagement. 

Our marketing strategy in new
markets is primarily centered on increasing overall brand awareness, familiarity, consideration and ultimately enrollment. We have carefully
developed a robust marketing plan to achieve these objectives: 

SEO, Social Traditional - We will drive brand awareness
and conversions to our platform using social media marketing via Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, YouTube, and others.
In addition, we plan to leverage SEO SEM (Search Engine Optimization Search Engine Marketing) to enhance MediXall Group s
search presence both organically and paid. 

Content Marketing - We consistently release marketing content
through our blog that aims to educate our audience about the value that our services provides. We also develop thought leadership content
such as whitepapers, eBooks, and infographics and use public relations to secure earned media placements. Our content marketing efforts
aim to influence and persuade readers without having to rely solely on conventional direct selling tactics. 

Influencer Marketing - We will launch an initiative to guest
blog articles and features in healthcare, personal finance, and startup tech publications like TechCrunch, Wired, VentureBeat, and other
outlets in our industry. Additionally, we participate in industry conferences, and may partner with media outlets, event venues, local
businesses, and social media influencers to increase brand awareness. 

As brand awareness increases in
more established markets, we shift our efforts to performance marketing focused on both customer acquisition and engagement. Our performance
marketing initiatives include customized task-based in-app messages and email communications to drive engagement among members, in addition
to more targeted advertisements through direct mail, Google Search, YouTube and social media for member acquisition. 

Customer and Client Services and Support 

We believe that because our clients
and employer customers bear an enormous responsibility to successfully run their businesses day in and day out, they welcome our support
to provide end-to-end customer support, including full profile data conversion and import, live onboarding and technical support via telephone,
email, and screen sharing; in-software self-service tools; advanced professional services; and educational events. Our dedicated support
team is focused on seeking to ensure that every MediXall Group member has the best possible experience. 

Customer Client Onboarding. 
We onboard new customers and partners with live training sessions delivered via telephone and web conference. These trainings are supplemented
by self- service setup checklists, online help materials and webinars. 

Customer Client Success. 
To identify opportunities for greater adoption of our products and services and to further help our customers be more successful on our
platform, we engage with them to better understand their business goals, objectives, and pain points; provide targeted education about
relevant features, products and services as well as business best practices; and develop a recommended success plan with periodic outreach
to check in on their progress. 

Ongoing Customer Support. 
Inclusive with being a member of the Health Karma Partner Program, we offer customer service and support via phone, chat, emails and self-help
knowledge centers. All customer service and support is provided by our in-house personnel who are invested in MediXall Group s core
values and are closely connected to our Product, Technology and Experience team. 

16 

Competition 

While we believe there are currently no direct competitors
that offer the full suite of solutions as we do, there are several companies that offer components of telehealth or address conditions
that compete with our solutions. These include companies whose primary business is providing and marketing telehealth and health and wellness
management, such as the delivery of on-demand access to healthcare and wellness services. We compete with other providers that are larger
in scale and generally provide telehealth on behalf of self-insured employers and insurance plans. Within parts of the behavioral health
market, we also compete with public and private organizations with similar product offerings for consumers. Competition focuses on, among
other factors, technology, breadth and depth of functionality, range of associated services, operational experience, customer support,
extent of customer base, and reputation. 

Regulatory Environment 

Participants in the health care
industry are required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations in the United States at the federal and state levels as
well as applicable international laws. Although many regulatory and governmental requirements do not directly apply to our business, our
customers are required to comply with a variety of laws, and we may be affected by these laws as a result of our contractual obligations.
Similarly, there are a number of legislative proposals in the Unites States, both at the federal and state level, which could impose new
obligations in areas affecting our business. We have attempted to structure our operations to comply with applicable legal requirements,
but there can be no assurance that our operations will not be challenged or impacted by enforcement initiatives. 

Healthcare Reform 

Our business could be affected
by changes in health care laws, including without limitation, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the ACA ),
which was enacted in March 2010. The ACA has changed how health care services are covered, delivered and reimbursed through expanded coverage
of individuals, changes in Medicare program spending and insurance market reforms. Ongoing government and legislative initiatives may
bring about other changes. 

While most of the provisions of
the ACA and other health care reform legislation will not be directly applicable to us, they may affect the business of many of our customers,
which may in turn affect our business. Although we are unable to predict with any reasonable certainty or otherwise quantify the likely
impact of the ACA, any amendment or repeal of the ACA, or other health care reform on our business model, financial condition, or results
of operations, negative changes in the business of our customers and the number of individuals they insure may negatively impact our business. 

Requirements Regarding the Privacy and Security of Personal Information 

U.S.- HIPAA and Other Privacy
and Security Requirements. There are many U.S. federal and state laws and regulations related to the privacy and security of personal
health information. Additionally, regulations promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996
and its implementing regulations (collectively, HIPAA ), establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use and
disclosure of protected health information and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to ensure
the confidentiality, integrity and availability of individually identifiable health information in electronic form. Any health plan customers,
as well as health care clearinghouses and certain providers with which we may have or may establish business relationships, are covered
entities that are regulated under HIPAA. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ),
which became effective on February 17, 2010, significantly expanded HIPAA s privacy and security requirements. Among other
things, HITECH makes HIPAA s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, who are independent
contractors or agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain, or transmit protected health information in connection with
providing a service for or on behalf of a covered entity. Under HIPAA and our contractual agreements with our customers, we are considered
a business associate to our customers and thus are directly subject to HIPAA s privacy and security standards. In
order to provide our covered entity customers with services that involve the use or disclosure of protected health information, HIPAA
requires our customers to enter into business associate agreements with it. Such agreements must, among other things, require us to: 

limit how we will use and disclose the protected health information; 

implement reasonable administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information from misuse; 

enter into similar agreements with our agents and subcontractors that have access to the information; 

report security incidents, breaches and other inappropriate uses or disclosures of the information; and, 

assist the customer in question with certain duties under the privacy standards. 

In addition to HIPAA regulations,
we may be subject to other state and federal privacy laws, including laws that prohibit unfair or deceptive practices and laws that place
specific requirements on use of data. Such state laws can be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA, in which case we must comply
with the more stringent law. As a result, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations in order to ensure we are in compliance
with the stricter state laws. 

17 

Data Protection and Breaches . 
In recent years, there have been a number of well-publicized data breaches involving the improper use and disclosure of individuals 
personal information. Many states have responded to these incidents by enacting laws requiring holders of personal information to maintain
safeguards and to take certain actions in response to a data breach, such as providing prompt notification of the breach to affected individuals
and state officials. In addition, under HIPAA, we must report breaches of unsecured protected health information to our contractual partners
within 60 days of discovery of the breach. Notification must also be made to HHS and, in certain circumstances involving large breaches,
to the media. Under the GDPR, the data controller is required to report personal data breaches to the supervisory authority within 72
hours of discovery of the breach. 

We have implemented and maintained
physical, technical and administrative safeguards intended to protect all personal data and have processes in place to assist it in complying
with all applicable laws, regulations and contractual requirements regarding the protection of these data and properly responding to any
security breaches or incidents. However, we cannot be sure that these safeguards are adequate to protect all personal data or to assist
us in complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the privacy and security of personal data and responding to any security
breaches or incidents. Furthermore, in many cases, applicable state laws, including breach notification requirements, are not preempted
by the HIPAA privacy and security standards and are subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental authorities, thereby
complicating our compliance efforts. Additionally, state and federal laws regarding deceptive practices may apply to public assurances
we give to individuals about the security of services we provide on behalf of our contractual customers. 

Other Healthcare Regulations 

In addition to data privacy laws,
our operations and arrangements with healthcare professionals, clients, and third-party payors may subject us to various federal and state
healthcare laws and regulations, including without limitation fraud and abuse laws, such as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; civil and
criminal false claims laws; physician transparency laws; and state laws regarding the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting
prohibitions. These laws may impact, among other things, our sales and marketing operations, and our interactions with healthcare professionals. We
continually monitor legislative, regulatory and judicial developments related to licensure and engagement arrangements with professionals;
however, new agency interpretations, federal or state legislation or regulations, or judicial decisions could require us to change how
we operate, may increase our costs of services and could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial
condition. 

Other Requirements. 
In addition to HIPAA, numerous other U.S. state and federal laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality
of individually identifiable health information and health care provider information. Some states also are considering new laws and regulations
that further protect the confidentiality, privacy and security of medical records or other types of medical information. In many cases,
these state laws are not preempted by the HIPAA privacy standards and may be subject to interpretation by various courts and other governmental
authorities. Further, Congress and a number of states have considered or are considering prohibitions or limitations on the disclosure
of medical or other information to individuals or entities located outside of the United States. 

In addition to HIPAA regulations,
we may be subject to other state and federal privacy laws, including laws that prohibit unfair or deceptive practices and laws that place
specific requirements on use of data. Such state laws can be similar to or even more protective than HIPAA, in which case we must comply
with the more stringent law. As a result, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations in order to ensure we are in compliance
with the stricter state laws. 

Corporate History 

MediXall Group, Inc. was incorporated
on December 21, 1998 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name of IP Gate, Inc. The Company had various name changes since,
to reflect changes in the Company s operating strategies. The Company has the following wholly-owned subsidiaries: (1) IHL of Florida,
Inc., which is dormant, (2) Medixall Financial Group, which is dormant, (3) Medixaid, Inc., and (4) MediXall.com, Inc., which were established
to carry out the development and operation of our healthcare marketplace platform, and (5) Health Karma, Inc. which was established in
2020 to increase functionality of the MediXall platform. 

18 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had 17 full-time employees. We believe that we maintain a satisfactory working relationship with our employees and we have not
experienced nor do we currently have any labor disputes. As of August 2, 2023 we have outsourced the functions of 10 full-time
employees and currently have 7 full-time employees. 

We believe that a diverse workforce is important to
our success. As we grow our business, we will focus on the hiring, retention and advancement of women and underrepresented populations,
and to cultivate an inclusive and diverse corporate culture. In the future, we intend to evaluate our use of human capital measures or
objectives in managing our business such as the factors we employ or seek to employ in the development, attraction and retention of personnel
and maintenance of diversity in our workforce. 

The success of our business is fundamentally connected
to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed to the health, safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees
and their families with access to a variety of innovative, flexible and convenient health and wellness programs, including benefits that
provide protection and security so they can have peace of mind concerning events that may require time away from work or that impact their
financial well-being; that support their physical and mental health by providing tools and resources to help them improve or maintain
their health status and encourage engagement in healthy behaviors; and that offer choice where possible so they can customize their benefits
to meet their needs and the needs of their families. 

We also provide robust compensation and benefits programs
to help meet the needs of our employees. 

Web Site 

We maintain a website at gethealthkarma.com. This
website is not incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

19 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Before you invest in our securities, you should
be aware that there are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included
in this Annual Report on Form 10-k before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop
into actual events, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

The Company has limited operating history and has
a new business model in an emerging and rapidly evolving market. 

MediXall is an early-stage development
enterprise and lacks any operating history to evaluate in assessing our future prospects. Our business and prospects in light of the risks
and difficulties MediXall will encounter as a development stage company in a new and rapidly evolving market must be seriously considered.
We may not be able to successfully address these risks and difficulties, which could materially harm our business and operating results.
In addition, we do not know if our business model will operate effectively during the next economic downturn. Furthermore, we are unable
to predict the likely duration and severity of any potential adverse economic conditions in the U.S. and other countries, but the longer
the duration the greater risks we face in operating our business. There can be no assurance, therefore, that current economic conditions
or worsening economic conditions, or a prolonged or recurring recession, will not have a significant adverse impact on our operating and
financial results. 

Limited
Control of Our Business Model and Dependance on third parties .

We do not directly offer the services
we sell directly to our customers but use third parties. As such, we are very dependent on the relationships with multiple parties as
to their ability to provide the services to our customers, their financial variability, pricing, and the quality of the services they
provide, including professional malpractice. We could be materially harmed if these third parties are not able to provide such services
at a price we can afford. We could be materially harmed if they provide poor service to our customers that could risk cancelation of the
service agreements we have. We could also face vicarious legal, reputational, and financial risk if such services provided by our third-party
relationships could place us in adverse conditions. 

Our auditors have indicated that there is a
substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

To date, we have not been profitable
and have incurred significant losses and cash flow deficits. For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated operating
revenues of 59,268 and 14,995, respectively, and reported net losses of 6,830,415 and 6,200,574, respectively, and negative cash flow
from operating activities of 3,561,083 and 4,685,270, respectively. As noted in our consolidated financial statements, as of December
31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 32,612,805. We anticipate that we will continue to report losses and negative cash flow. Our
auditors have raised substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our historical recurring losses
and negative cash flows from operations as well as our dependence on private equity and financings. 

Our consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. These adjustments would likely include substantial
impairment of the carrying amount of our assets and potential contingent liabilities that may arise if we are unable to fulfill various
operational commitments. In addition, the value of our securities, including common stock issued in this offering, would be greatly impaired.
Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon generating sufficient cash flow from operations and obtaining additional
capital and financing, including funds to be raised in this offering. If our ability to generate cash flow from operations is delayed
or reduced and we are unable to raise additional funding from other sources, we may be unable to continue in business even if this offering
is successful. For further discussion about our ability to continue as a going concern and our plan for future liquidity, see Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Ability to Continue as a Going Concern. 

We cannot assure you that MediXall will be able
to develop the infrastructure necessary to achieve the potential sales growth. 

Achieving revenue will require
that MediXall develop a functional platform and build the necessary infrastructure to support sales, technical and client support functions.
We cannot assure you that we can develop this infrastructure or will have the capital to do so and no commitments for needed capital are
in place. MediXall will continue to design plans to establish growth, adding sales and sales support resources as capital permits, but
at this time these plans are untested. If MediXall is unable to use any of its anticipated marketing initiatives or the cost of such initiatives
were to significantly increase or such initiatives or its efforts to satisfy existing clients are not successful, MediXall may not be
able to attract clients or retain existing clients on a cost-effective basis and, as a result, our revenue and results of operations would
be affected adversely. 

20 

The markets that MediXall is targeting for revenue
opportunities are emerging within a well-established healthcare industry, are rapidly developing and may change before we can access them. 

The markets for traditional internet
and mobile web products and services that MediXall is targeting for revenue opportunities are changing rapidly; and the barriers to entry
into the niche identified by MediXall are high and require unique experience and qualification. We cannot provide assurance that MediXall
will be able to realize these revenue opportunities before they change or before other companies enter or even dominate the market. Furthermore,
MediXall has based certain of its revenue opportunities on statistics provided by third party industry sources. Such statistics are based
on ever-changing customer preferences due to our rapidly changing industry. With the introduction of new technologies and the influx of
new entrants to the market, we expect competition to emerge and intensify in the future, which could adversely affect our ability to increase
sales, limit client attrition and maintain our prices. 

Our business depends on the development and
maintenance of the internet infrastructure. 

The success of our services will
depend largely on the development and maintenance of the internet infrastructure. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone
with the necessary speed, data capacity and security, as well as timely development of complementary products, for providing reliable
internet access and services. The Internet has experienced, and is likely to continue to experience, significant growth in the number
of users and amount of traffic. The internet infrastructure may be unable to support such demands. In addition, increasing numbers of
users, increasing bandwidth requirements or problems caused by viruses, worms, malware and similar programs may harm the performance of
the internet. The backbone computers of the internet have been the targets of such programs. The internet has experienced a variety of
outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure, and it could face outages and delays in the future.
These outages and delays could reduce the level of internet usage generally as well as the level of usage of our services, which could
adversely impact on our business. 

The nature of the MediXall platform requires
sophisticated encryption technology to defend against hacking due to the personal information as well as the financial transaction data
that will be utilized by a consumer/patient. 

The art of hacking databases for
the purposes of obtaining personal information as well as financial information on individuals is increasing substantially. MediXall is
aware of these risks and will invest substantially in the development of its platform in accordance with the very latest data encryption/protection
technologies; however, there is a real risk that the MediXall platform could be compromised at some point in time exposing the company
to lawsuits and unfavorable attention that would adversely impact our business and affect our ability to add clients, consumer/patients
or manage attrition on the platform. 

Our ability to offer MediXall products and services
may be affected by a variety of U.S. and foreign laws. 

The laws relating to the liability
of providers of online and mobile marketing services for activities of their users are in their infancy and currently unsettled both within
the U.S. and abroad. Future regulations could affect our ability to provide current or future programming. 

We will depend on the services of our executives. 

We depend on the services of our
executive officers, director and outside contractors. To date we have not entered into any employment agreements with our executives.
The loss of the services of any of our executives could materially harm our business. In addition, we do not presently maintain a key-man
life insurance policy on any of our officers or directors. 

Our future depends, in part, on
our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Our future also depends on the continued contributions of other key technical and marketing
personnel. The loss of key personnel and the process to replace any of our key personnel would involve significant time and expense, may
take longer than anticipated and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. 

21 

Failure to properly maintain effective and secure
management information systems, update or expand processing capability or develop new capabilities to meet our business needs could result
in operational disruptions and possible loss of data critical to our operations. 

Our business will depend significantly
on effective and secure information systems and the successful application of these continuously emerging technologies. In the future,
these systems could support online customer service functions, provider and member administrative functions and support tracking and extensive
analyses of medical expenses and outcome data. 

These information systems and
applications will require continual investment for maintenance, upgrades and enhancement to meet our operational needs and to handle our
expansion and growth. Any inability or failure to properly maintain management information systems, successfully update or expand processing
capability or develop new capabilities to meet our business needs in a timely manner could result in operational disruptions, loss of
existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, impairment of the implementation of our growth strategies, delays in settling
disputes with customers and providers, regulatory problems, increases in administrative expenses, loss of our ability to produce timely
and accurate reports and other adverse consequences. To the extent a failure in maintaining effective information systems occurs, we may
need to contract for these services with third-party management companies, which may be on less favorable terms to us and significantly
disrupt our operations and information flow. Furthermore, our business requires the secure transmission of confidential information over
public networks. Because of the confidential information we store and transmit, security breaches could expose us to a risk of regulatory
action, litigation, possible liability and loss. Our security measures may prove inadequate to prevent security breaches and our business
operations and profitability would be adversely affected by cancellation of contracts, loss of members and potential criminal and civil
sanctions if security breaches occur. 

General economic conditions, industry cycles,
financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control, may affect our future performance.

General economic conditions, industry
cycles, financial, business and other factors may affect our operations. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations in
the future, we may, among other things, be required to take one or more of the following actions: 

seek additional financing in the debt or equity markets; 

refinance or restructure all or a portion of our indebtedness; 

sell selected assets; 

reduce or delay planned capital expenditures; or, 

discontinue operations. 

In addition, any financing, refinancing
or sale of assets might not be available on economically favorable terms, which may prevent us from future expansion and growth in new
markets and, thus, negatively affect our business and financial condition. 

22 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we are unable to prevent unauthorized use
or disclosure of our proprietary trade secrets and unpatented know-how, our ability to compete will be harmed. 

Proprietary trade secrets, copyrights,
trademarks and unpatented know-how are also very important to our business. We will rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights,
trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual provisions and technical security measures to protect certain aspects of
our intellectual property, especially where we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. We will require our
employees and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment or consulting relationships with us.
We also will require our employees and consultants to disclose and assign to us all inventions conceived during the term of their employment
or engagement while using our property or which relate to our business; however, these measures may not be adequate to safeguard our proprietary
intellectual property and conflicts may, nonetheless, arise regarding ownership of inventions. Such conflicts may lead to the loss or
impairment of our intellectual property or to expensive litigation to defend our rights against competitors who may be better funded and
have superior resources. Our employees, consultants, contractors and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our confidential
information to competitors. In addition, confidentiality agreements may be unenforceable or may not provide an adequate remedy in the
event of unauthorized disclosure. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is expensive
and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods
and know-how. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or reverse-engineer certain aspects of the MediXall platform that we consider
proprietary. As a result, third parties attempt to use our proprietary technology or information, and our ability to compete in the market
would be adversely affected. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Trading on the OTC
Markets is volatile and sporadic, which could depress the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for our stockholders
to resell their common stock. 

Our common
stock is quoted on the OTCPK tier of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. OTC Markets ). Trading in securities quoted on the
OTC Markets is often thin and characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices, due to many factors, some of which may have little
to do with our operations or business prospects. This volatility could depress the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated
to operating performance. Moreover, the OTC Markets is not a stock exchange, and trading of securities on the OTC Markets is often more
sporadic than the trading of securities listed on a quotation system like Nasdaq Capital Market or a stock exchange like the NYSE American.
These factors may result in investors having difficulty reselling any shares of our common stock. 

Our stock price is likely to be highly volatile
because of several factors, including a limited public float. 

The market price of our common
stock has been volatile in the past and the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile in the future. You may not
be able to resell shares of our common stock following periods of volatility because of the market s adverse reaction to volatility. 

23 

Other factors that could cause such volatility may
include, among other things: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

we may have a low trading volume for a number of reasons, including that a large portion of our stock is closely held; 

overall stock market fluctuations; 

announcements concerning our business or those of our competitors; 

actual or perceived limitations on our ability to raise capital when we require it, and to raise such capital on favorable terms; 

conditions or trends in the industry; 

litigation; 

changes in market valuations of other similar companies; 

future sales of common stock; 

departure of key personnel or failure to hire key personnel; and, 

general market conditions. 

Any of these factors could have
a significant and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in general has at times experienced
extreme volatility and rapid decline that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies.
These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Our common stock is a penny stock 
under SEC rules, and our warrants may be subject to the penny stock rules. It may be more difficult to resell securities
classified as penny stock. 

Our common stock is deemed to
be a penny stock under applicable SEC rules (generally defined as non-exchange traded stock with a per-share price below
 5.00). Unless we successfully list our common stock on a national stock exchange, or maintain a per-share price above 5.00, these rules
impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that recommend the purchase or sale of penny stocks to persons other than
those who qualify as established customers or accredited investors. For example, broker-dealers must determine
the appropriateness for non-qualifying persons of investments in penny stocks. Broker-dealers must also provide, prior to a transaction
in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks
and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the
penny stock, disclose the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, furnish monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, provide a special written determination that the penny
stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. 

Legal remedies available to an investor in penny
stocks may include the following: 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in violation of the requirements listed above, or other federal or states securities laws, the investor may be able to cancel the purchase and receive a refund of the investment. 

If a penny stock is sold to the investor in a fraudulent manner, the investor may be able to sue the persons and firms that committed the fraud for damages. 

However, investors who have signed
arbitration agreements may have to pursue their claims through arbitration. 

24 

These requirements may have the
effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security that becomes subject to the penny stock
rules. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements may discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions
in our securities, which could severely limit the market price and liquidity of our securities. These requirements may restrict the ability
of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect your ability to resell our common stock. 

Many brokerage firms will discourage
or refrain from recommending investments in penny stocks. Most institutional investors will not invest in penny stocks. In addition, many
individual investors will not invest in penny stocks due, among other reasons, to the increased financial risk generally associated with
these investments. 

For these reasons, penny stocks
may have a limited market and, consequently, limited liquidity. We can give no assurance at what time, if ever, our common stock will
not be classified as a penny stock in the future. 

A sale of a substantial
number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of the common stock to decline. 

If our
stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, the market price of our common stock could fall. These
sales also may make it more difficult for us to sell our equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we
deem reasonable or appropriate. This risk is significant because of concentrated positions of our common stock held by a small group of
investors. 

We have not paid dividends
on our common stock in the past and do not expect to pay dividends on our common stock in the future. Any return on investment in our
common stock may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

We have
never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
The payment of dividends on our common stock would depend on earnings, financial condition, and other business and economic factors affecting
us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends on our common stock, our common stock may
be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if its stock price appreciates. 

Changes in accounting
principles and guidance, or their interpretation, could result in unfavorable accounting charges or effects, including changes to our
previously filed financial statements, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We prepare
our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ).
These principles are subject to interpretation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and various bodies formed
to interpret and create appropriate accounting principles and guidance. A change in these principles or guidance, or in their interpretations,
may have a significant effect on our reported results and retroactively affect previously reported results. 

25 

Being a public company
results in additional expenses, diverts management s attention and could also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain
qualified directors. 

As a
public reporting company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). These requirements generate significant accounting, legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more difficult,
time-consuming or costly and may place significant strain on our personnel and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things,
that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to establish the
requisite disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management oversight
are required. 

As a
result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could have an adverse and even material effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These rules and regulations may also make it more difficult and expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. If we are unable to obtain appropriate director and officer insurance, our
ability to recruit and retain qualified officers and directors, especially those directors who may be deemed independent, could be adversely
impacted. 

Failure to establish
and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect
on our business and stock price. 

We are
required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to
certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness
of controls over financial reporting. 

To comply
with the requirements of being a public company, we have undertaken various actions, and may need to take additional actions, such as
implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring additional accounting or internal audit staff. Testing and maintaining internal
control can divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. Additionally,
when evaluating our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify material weaknesses that we may not be able to remediate
in time to meet the applicable deadline imposed upon us for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. If we identify any material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner
or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness
of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and any investigations by the Financial
Industry Regulatory Agency, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, could require additional financial and management resources. 

RISKS RELATED TO HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY 

The healthcare regulatory and political framework
is uncertain and evolving, and we cannot predict the effect that further healthcare reform and other changes in government programs may
have on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Healthcare laws and regulations
are rapidly evolving and may change significantly in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
For example, the ACA, which includes a variety of healthcare reform provisions and requirements that may become effective at varying times
through 2022, substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and may significantly impact
our industry. Further changes to the ACA and related healthcare regulation remain under consideration. In addition, current proposals
to implement a single payer or Medicare for all system in the U.S., if adopted would likely have a material adverse effect
on our business. The full impact of recent healthcare reform and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending is
unknown, and we are unable to predict accurately what effect the ACA or other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future
will have on our business. 

26 

The healthcare industry is rapidly evolving
and the market for technology-enabled services that empower healthcare consumers is relatively immature and unproven. If we are not successful
in promoting and improving the benefits of our platform, our growth may be limited, and our business may be adversely affected. 

The market for our products and
services is subject to rapid and significant change and competition. The market for technology-enabled services that empower healthcare
consumers is characterized by rapid technological change, new product and service introductions, evolving industry standards, changing
customer needs, existing competition and the entrance of non-traditional competitors. In addition, there may be a limited-time opportunity
to achieve and maintain a significant share of this market due in part to the rapidly evolving nature of the healthcare and technology
industries and the substantial resources available to our existing and potential competitors. The market for technology-enabled services
that empower healthcare consumers is relatively new and unproven, and it is uncertain whether this market will achieve and sustain high
levels of demand and market adoption. 

Our success depends to a substantial
extent on the willingness of consumers to increase their use of technology platforms to manage their healthcare options, the ability of
our platform to increase consumer engagement, and our ability to demonstrate the value of our platform to our potential customers. If
customers do not recognize or acknowledge the benefits of our platform or our platform does not drive consumer engagement, then the market
for our products and services might develop more slowly than we expect, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition,
we have limited insight into trends that might develop and affect our business. We might make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant
business, legal and regulatory trends, which could harm our business. If any of these events occur, it could materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Finally, our competitors may have
the ability to devote more financial and operational resources than we can to developing new technologies and services, including services
that provide improved operating functionality, and adding features to their existing service offerings. If successful, their development
efforts could render our services less desirable, resulting in the loss of our existing customers or a reduction in the fees we earn from
our products and services. 

Failure to comply with extensive and complex
healthcare laws and regulations may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Healthcare is an extremely complex
and regulated industry in the U.S. There are many laws and regulations that could have a material effect on our business, including but
not limited to, the HIPAA, and federal and state regulations controlling patient, provider and intermediary relationships. We have taken,
and will continue to take, precautions to ensure compliance with applicable statutes and regulations; however there is no guarantee we
will be success in our efforts, and even an unintentional violation of law could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
business. 

We are subject to privacy regulations regarding
the access, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information. If we or any of our third-party vendors experience a breach of
personally identifiable information, it could result in substantial financial and reputational harm, including possible criminal and civil
penalties. 

State and federal laws and regulations
govern the collection, dissemination, access and use of personally identifiable information, including HIPAA and HITECH, which govern
the treatment of protected health information, and the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act, which governs the treatment of nonpublic personal information.
Privacy regulation has become a priority issue in many states, including California, which in 2018 enacted the California Consumer Privacy
Act broadly regulating the sale of California residents personal information and providing California residents with various rights
to access and delete data. In the provision of services to our customers, we and our third-party vendors may collect, access, use, maintain
and transmit personally identifiable information in ways that are subject to many of these laws and regulations. Although we have implemented
measures to comply with privacy laws, rules and regulations, we may experience data privacy incidents. Any unauthorized disclosure of
personally identifiable information experienced by us, or our third-party vendors could result in substantial financial and reputational
harm, including possible criminal and civil penalties. In many cases, we are subject to HIPAA and other privacy regulations because we
are a business associate providing services to covered entities; as a result, the covered entities direct HIPAA compliance matters in
the event of a security breach, which complicates our ability to address harm caused by the breach. Additionally, we may be required to
report breaches to partners, regulators, state attorney generals, and impacted individuals depending on the severity of the breach, our
role, legal requirements and contractual obligations. Continued compliance with current and potential new privacy laws, rules and regulations
and meeting consumer expectations with respect to the control of personal data in a rapidly changing technology environment could result
in higher compliance and technology costs for us. 

27 

Although we do not provide medical care, we
could be a party to medical malpractice claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We do not provide medical care.
Rather, we help connect consumers and employers to providers of medical care, products and services. However, we could be a party to lawsuits
related to the service we provide, and that could include risk of medical malpractice claims which could increase our insurance premiums,
expose us to legal defense cost, and/or impact the brand of the Company, which could lead to a reduction in the number of customers we
have and could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profits. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We do not own any real property. We leased office space at 2929 East
Commercial Blvd., Suite Ph-D, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33308, pursuant to the terms of a commercial office lease. We paid 6,565 per month
pursuant to this commercial office lease. As of June 14, 2023 the Company relocated and now has a short-term lease with Regus at 2598
E, Sunrise Blvd, Suite 2104, Fort Lauderdale Florida 33304 for which we pay 931 per month. This lease which runs through June 30, 2024
allows the Company to expand facilities in the future as needed. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Various legal claims arise from
time to time in the normal course of business which, in the opinion of management, will not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements. There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine
litigation incidental to our business, to which we are a party or which our business or intellectual property is the subject. In addition,
none of our officers, directors, affiliates or 5 stockholders (or any associates thereof) is a party adverse to us, or has a material
interest adverse to us, in any material proceeding. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable to our Company. 

28 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is quoted on
the OTCPK under the symbol MDXL . Trading in OTCPK stocks can be volatile, sporadic and risky, as thinly traded stocks tend
to move more rapidly in price than more liquid securities. Such trading may also depress the market price of our common stock and make
it difficult for our stockholders to resell their common stock. 

Holders 

As of August 2, 2023,
130,487,491 shares of common stock are issued and outstanding held by approximately 923 stockholders of record (this number does not
include stockholders who hold their stock through brokers, banks and other nominees). 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar
for our common stock is Clear Trust LLC. Their address is 16540 Point Village Dr., Suite 205, Lutz, FL 33558 and their telephone number
at that location is 813-235-4490. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid any dividends
on our common stock and our Board of Directors presently intends to continue a policy of retaining earnings, if any, for use in our operations.
The declaration and payment of dividends in the future, of which there can be no assurance, will be determined by the Board in light of
conditions then existing, including earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. The Nevada Revised Statutes
prohibit us from declaring dividends where, if after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

Except as set forth above, there
are no restrictions that currently materially limit our ability to pay dividends or which we reasonably believe are likely to limit materially
the future payment of dividends on common stock. 

29 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we entered
into the following securities transactions; 

We received proceeds of 780,500 net of offering costs of 0 pursuant to a Private Placement
 Memorandum and for which 1,951,250 shares of restricted common stock were issued. 

We issued 8,811,015 shares of restricted common stock for services rendered by employees, advisors
 and independent contractors of the Company with a fair market value of 1,964,864. 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, we entered
into the following securities transactions; 

We received proceeds of 1,845,791 net of offering costs of 0 pursuant to a Private Placement Memorandum and for which 6,515,340 shares of restricted common stock were issued. 

We received proceeds of 2,269,975 net of offering costs of 0 pursuant to a Private Placement Memorandum and for which 2,270,000 shares of restricted series B preferred stock were issued. 

We issued 5,451,125 shares of restricted common stock for services rendered by employees, advisors and independent contractors of the Company with a fair market value of 1,362,782. 

All funds received from the sale
of the above shares were used for working capital purposes. The above shares were issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration
pursuant to, among others, Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Regulations
D and S as promulgated under the Securities Act. Each investor took his or her securities for investment purposes without a view to distribution
and had access to information concerning us and our business prospects, as required by the Securities Act. In addition, there was no general
solicitation or advertising for the purchase of our shares. Our securities were sold only to an accredited investor and a limited number
of sophisticated investors, as defined in the Securities Act with whom we had a direct personal preexisting relationship, and after a
thorough discussion. Finally, our stock transfer agent has been instructed not to transfer any of such shares, unless such shares are
registered for resale or there is an exemption with respect to their transfer. All of the above shares bear a legend restricting their
disposition. 

Each purchaser was provided with access to our filings
with the SEC, including the following: 

If requested by the purchaser in writing, a copy of our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. 

A brief description of the securities being offered, the use of the proceeds from the offering, and
 any material changes in our affairs that are not disclosed in the documents furnished. 

Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

30 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following Management s
Discussion and Analysis MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition
of the Company and its subsidiaries. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with consolidated
financial statements and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Our discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements
requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

Overview 

MediXall Group, Inc. (OTCPK:MDXL) is an innovation-driven
technology company purposefully designed and structured around delivering products and services to help consumers learn, decide, and pay
for healthcare in ways that complement relationships with trusted doctors. The mission of MediXall Group is to revolutionize the medical
industry--improve communication, provide better technology and support services, and provide more efficient, cost-effective healthcare
for the consumer. 

Going Concern 

We have incurred net losses of
 32.6 million since inception through December 31, 2022. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 contains an explanatory paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going
concern based upon the fact that we are dependent upon our ability to increase revenues along with raising additional external capital
as needed. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. There are no assurances we will be successful
in our efforts to generate revenues or report profitable operations or to continue as a going concern, in which event investors would
lose their entire investment in our company. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December
31, 2021 

Revenue 

We generated 59,268 in revenues
from the operations of the Health Karma Platform during 2022 and 14,995 during 2021. During 2021, the Company generated 165,719 from
the forgiveness of the Paycheck Protection loans. 

Operating Expenses 

A summary of our operating expense
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 follows: 

Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Increase/ 

2022 
 2021 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Operating expense 

Professional fees 
 1,758,005 
 1,277,975 
 480,030 
 
 Professional fees related party 
 242,600 
 496,038 
 (253,438 
 
 Management fees related party 
 720,000 
 840,000 
 (120,000 
 
 Personnel related expenses 
 3,198,226 
 3,066,406 
 131,820 
 
 Other selling, general, and administrative 
 641,929 
 717,369 
 (75,440 
 
 Credit for uncollectible prepaid expense - related party 
 (180,513 
 (16,500 
 (164,013 
 
 Interest expense 
 271,117 
 
 271,117 
 
 Impairment of intellectual property 
 238,319 
 
 238,319 
 
 Total operating expense 
 6,889,683 
 6,381,288 
 508,395 

31 

Operating expenses increased 508,395
or 7.97 to 6,889,683 in 2022 compared to 6,381,288 in 2021. The increase in total operating expenses is primarily due to: 

1. 
 The increase in professional fees of 480,030 primarily resulted from more shares of stock issued for consulting services for the year end December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. 

2. 
 The decrease in Professional fees related party by 253,438 due to the decrease in fees charged by R3 Accounting, LLC as the Company is doing more of the work internally 

3. 
 The decrease in management fees - related party of 120,000 is due to the termination of the TBG agreement in the fourth quarter of 2022. These services were absorbed by the existing management. 

4. 
 The increase in personnel related expenses of 131,820 is due to more personnel needed for business operations and issuing shares of restricted common stock for employee services during the year ended December, 2022, in excess of that issued in the same period of 2021. 

5. 
 The 75,440 decrease in other selling, general, and administrative is due to a decrease in business development and marketing expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

6. 
 
 The 271,117 increase in interest expense is due
 to senior convertible debentures which were issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 and no such issuance during
 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have an accumulated deficit
of 32,612,805 at December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had working capital of (4,330,422). Additionally, due to the start-up 
nature of our business, we expect to incur losses as we continue development of our business plan. 

These conditions raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management recognizes that in order for us to meet our capital requirements, and
continue to operate, additional financing will be necessary. We expect to raise additional funds through private or public equity investment
in order to maintain and/or expand the range and scope of our business operations; however, there is no assurance that such additional
funds will be available for us on acceptable terms, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when needed or generate positive
cash flow, it is unlikely that we will be able to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Net cash used in operating activities
was 3,561,083 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,685,270 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net cash used in
investing activities was 1,379 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 12,840 used in investing activities for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 3,502,460 during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 4,115,766 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

None. 

32 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors.
The term off-balance sheet arrangement generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which
an entity unconsolidated with us is a party, under which we have any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument
or variable interest or a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit,
liquidity or market risk support for such assets. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements, which have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and
expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We continually evaluate our estimates, including those related
to income taxes, and the valuation of equity transactions. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions
that we believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions
could cause a material change to our reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant
judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

Basis of Presentation 

The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The accounting and reporting practices of the Company conform to GAAP. The following
summarizes the more significant of these policies and practices. 

Use of Estimates 

In preparing consolidated financial
statements in conformity with GAAP, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting year. 

Making estimates requires management
to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set
of circumstances that existed at the date of the consolidated financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate
could change in the near term due to one or more future non-conforming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly
from estimates. 

A material estimate that is particularly
susceptible to significant change in the near-term relate to the determination of the impairment of website and development cost and intellectual
property. The Company uses various assumptions and actuarial data it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances to make this estimate.
Although considerable variability is likely to be inherent in this estimate, management believes that the amount provided is reasonable.
This estimate is continually reviewed and adjusted if necessary. Such adjustment is reflected in current operations. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company's operations are subject
to significant risks and uncertainties including financial, operational and regulatory risks, including the potential risk of business
failure. 

33 

Fair Value Measurement 

The Company measures fair value
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the reporting date. The Company utilizes a three-tier hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs used in the valuation
methodologies in measuring fair value as follows: 

Level 1. 
 Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that an entity has the ability to access. The Company has no assets or liabilities valued with Level 1 inputs. 

Level 2. 
 Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. The Company has no assets or liabilities valued with Level 2 inputs. 

Level 3. 
 Valuations based on inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. The Company s website and development costs are the only assets or liabilities valued with Level 3 inputs. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The carrying value of cash,
accounts payable and accrued expenses and accounts payable and accrued expenses related party, approximates
its fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments and their liquidity. Management is of the opinion that the
Company is not exposed to significant interest or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. 

Senior Convertible Debentures: The fair value of the debentures
is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the current rate of similar debt. The estimated fair value of the debentures
is 2,473,728 as of December 31, 2022, and was determined using level 3 inputs. 

Income Taxes 

The Company accounts for income
taxes using the liability method prescribed by ASC 740, Income Taxes . Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted
tax rates that will be in effect in the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The Company records a valuation allowance
to offset deferred tax assets if based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or loss in the
year that includes the enactment date. 

Pursuant to accounting standards
related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process. The first step is to
determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of any related
appeals or litigation based on the technical merits of that position. The second step is to measure a tax position that meets the more-
likely-than-not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is measured
at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Tax positions that previously
failed to meet the more-likely-than -not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first subsequent period in which the threshold
is met. Previously recognized tax positions that no longer meet the more-likely-than-not criteria should be de- recognized in the first
subsequent financial reporting period in which the threshold is no longer met. The accounting standard also provides guidance on de- recognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosures, and transition. 

The Company assessed its earnings
history, trends, and estimates of future earnings, and determined that the deferred tax asset could not be realized as of December 31,
2022. Accordingly, a valuation allowance was recorded against the net deferred tax asset. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company accounts for revenue
under Accounting Standards Updated ASU ASU 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers and all subsequent amendments to
the ASU (collectively, ASC 606 ). The Company had minimal revenues in 2022 and in 2021. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance
with ASC 606, the core principle of which is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those
goods or services. To achieve this core principle, five basic criteria must be met before revenue can be recognized: (1) identify the
contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate
the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance
obligation. 

34 

Share Based Payment Arrangements 

The Company applies the fair value
method in accounting for its stock based compensation. This standard states that compensation cost is measured at the grant date based
on the value of the award and is recognized over the service period, which is usually the vesting period. The Company values the stock
based compensation at the fair value of the Company's stock as of the date of issuance. 

Recoverability of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company assesses
the recoverability of long-lived assets annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that expected future
undiscounted cash flows might not be sufficient to support the carrying amount of an asset. The Company deems an asset to be
impaired if a forecast of undiscounted future operating cash flows is less than the carrying amount. If an asset is determined to be
impaired, the loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. Based on impairment
tests performed there was no write-down of long-lived assets required during 2022 and 2021, excess intellectual property acquired. There can
be no assurances that future impairment tests will not result in further charge to operations. 

Website and Development Costs 

Internal and external costs incurred
to develop the internal-use computer software during the application and development stage shall be capitalized subsequent to the preliminary
project stage and when it is probable that the project will be completed. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s
costs related to the development of the Health Karma website platform had met the capitalization requirements. The Company engaged an
appraiser to perform an impairment analysis of the capitalized website and development costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The impairment
analysis was performed based upon a cost approach, specifically the cost to recreate or reproduce the asset using actual historical cost
incurred, adjusted by consumer price index and taxes. The analysis resulted in no impairment loss for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts Receivable 

An allowance for uncollectible
accounts receivable is recorded when management believes the uncollectability of the accounts receivable is confirmed. Subsequent recoveries,
if any, are credited to the allowance. The allowance is determined based on management s review of the debtor s ability to
repay and repayment history, aging history, and estimated value of collateral, if any. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 3 to our consolidated
financial statements for more information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their impact to our consolidated results of operations
and financial position. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The consolidated financial statements
of our Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years then ended are set forth in the Form 10-K beginning at page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

35 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We maintain a system of disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 15d-15(e)) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods required under the SEC's
rules and forms and that the information is gathered and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer) and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

We carried out an evaluation as
required by paragraph (b) of Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Interim Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our financial disclosures, controls
and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

Based upon that evaluation, our
Interim Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of December 31, 2022, based on the following deficiencies: 

Weakness in Accounting and Finance Personnel: We have no accounting staff and we do not have any employee resources and expertise needed to meet complex and intricate GAAP and SEC reporting requirements of a U.S. public company. Additionally, numerous adjustments and proposed adjustments have been noted by our auditors. This is deemed by management to be a material weakness in preparing consolidated financial statements. 

We have written accounting policies and control procedures, but we do not have any staff to implement the related controls. Management had determined that this lack of the implementation of segregation of duties, as required by our written procedures, represents a material weakness in our internal records. 

Internal control has at its core a basic tenant segregation of duties. Due to our limited size and economic constraints, the Company is not able to segregate for control purposes carious asset controls and recording duties and function to different employees. This lack of segregation of duties had been evaluated by management and has been deemed to be a material control deficiency. 

The Company has determined that
the above internal control weaknesses and deficiencies could result in a reasonable possibility for the consolidated financial statements
that a material misstatement will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

Management is currently evaluating
what steps can be taken in order to address these material weaknesses. As a growing small business, the Company continuously devotes resources
to the improvement of our internal control over financial reporting. Due to budget constraints, the staffing size, proficiency and specific
expertise in the accounting department is below requirements for the operation. The Company is anticipating correcting deficiencies as
funds become available. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f). Such internal controls over financial reporting were designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

The Company s management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment,
the Company used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based upon its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, the Company s
management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

36 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to consolidated financial
statement preparation and presentation. 

This annual report does not include
an attestation report of the company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by the company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC to provide
only management's report in this annual report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes during our
last fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE
REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

37 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table sets forth
the names and ages of all of our directors and executive officers. We have a Board comprised of three members. Each director holds office
until a successor is duly elected or appointed. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board and are appointed by the Board.
Also provided herein are brief descriptions of the business experience of each of the directors and officers during the past five years,
and an indication of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities
law. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) and Office(s)
 Held 
 
 Travis Jackson 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer, Director 
 
 Noel Guillama 
 
 62 
 
 Director, Principal Financial Officer 
 
 John Marino 
 
 51 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Set forth below is a brief description
of the background and business experience of our directors and executive officers. 

Travis Jackson. 
Mr. Jackson has served as our Chief Executive Officer since August 30, 2022 and member of our board of directors since June 14, 2022.
Prior to this, Mr.Jackson served as Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary, Health Karma since August 16, 2021. Mr. Jackson
brings a wealth of experience across virtually every dimension of healthcare. Previously, he served as VP of Strategy Business Development
for Beacon Health Options, the largest independently held behavioral health organization in the country. Beacon serves more than 40 million
individuals across all 50 states, including nearly 3 million individuals under comprehensive risk-based behavioral programs. Mr. Jackson
was responsible for sales, strategy and business development for the company in the Western US. Sales efforts directed towards commercial
health insurance plans, state and county Medicaid plans and large TPA s. While at Beacon, the Company was acquired by Anthem in
2020 and resided as a wholly owned subsidiary in Anthem s Diversified Business Group. 

Prior to Beacon, Mr. Jackson was
Executive VP of Sales for Linkwell Health, where he was responsible for national sales and marketing activities for the company, with
these efforts directed towards health insurance plans, hospital systems and health services companies. Mr. Jackson also has had success
in his career building new businesses. He was a founder of Ascendant Behavioral Health, a series of outpatient behavioral health clinics.
Mr. Jackson was responsible for clinic set up including locations, billing, hiring and staffing, IT set up and clinic processes. 

Prior to that, Mr. Jackson was
Founding Partner Executive Vice President of Sales of MY ePHT, where he created a multimillion-dollar company from an initial idea,
through fundraising, production, active sales and service and renewal phases. During his time, he participated in the Executive Leadership
Board of the company creating, reviewing and approving all strategy and operations, and was one of the key decision makers in the sale
of the company. At time of sale, MY ePHT had achieved 22.7 million paid members. 

Noel J. Guillama .
Mr. Guillama is a nationally recognized expert and lecturer on healthcare management/operations and the use of technology in healthcare.
Since 1984, he has been Chairman of Guillama, Inc., a strategic operations management consulting company in healthcare, technology, and
a wide range of projects including medical facilities, commercial complexes and infrastructure facilities. He holds several patents and
is creator of over a dozen patents currently before the USPTO in a variety of areas. Since 2004, Mr. Guillama has been President of The
Quantum Group, Inc Quantum ), a private healthcare technology and innovation company that has in the past operated through
subsidiary healthcare delivery networks, contracted with over 2,000 providers and contracted with managed care companies. Quantum currently
controls various intellectual properties, including an electronic healthcare records (EHR) platform it designed and built, and it controls
a number of issued and pending patents in the U.S. Quantum is a greater than 5 shareholder of the Company. 

38 

From
1996 to 2000, Mr. Guillama was the Founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. (AMEX:MDF),
a management services organization. Mr. Guillama left Metropolitan to develop Quantum Innovations, Inc. and its parent company, Quantum.
Mr. Guillama has served as Quantum s Chief Executive Officer and President since its inception. Mr. Guillama was VP of Development
for MedPartners, Inc., a Birmingham, Alabama-based physician practice management company. Prior to MedPartners, he served as Director
and Vice President of Operations for Quality Care Networks, Inc., a South Florida-based comprehensive group practice. 

Mr. Guillama is the immediate
Past Chair (Currently Director) of the Florida International University Foundation, Inc., a direct support organization of Florida International
University, managing a 230 million endowment. Prior to this Chair position, he served FIU as Chair of Finance, Investments, and Academics
Committees. He is currently director and Past-Chair of the Palm Beach State College Foundation. Mr. Guillama is currently a Member of
the Executive Leadership Council of the Dr. Kiran C. Patel College of Allopathic Medicine and Nova Southeastern University in Broward
County, Florida, and was a past trustee of Palms West Hospital (2005 to 2011). Mr. Guillama served on the executive committee of the Patient-Centered
Primary Care Collaborative (PCPCC) and is a past member of the American College of Health Care Executives, the Healthcare and Information
Management Systems Society (HIMSS), the Medical Group Management Association (MGMA), and the American College of Medical Practice Executives
(ACMPE). Mr. Guillama is a graduate of executive and leadership programs at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, University of Georgia
and Florida International University. 

John Marino . Mr.
Marino has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors since September 2022. Mr. Marino's previous experience includes serving as
the Director of Real Estate and Legislative Affairs at Patriot Rail Corp., a company based in Boca Raton, Florida that operates short
line and regional railroads in the United States. During his time at Patriot Rail Corp., Mr. Marino was responsible for managing and developing
railroad real estate, including industrial development, as well as managing all easements and encroachments related to rights-of-way.
Prior to joining Patriot Rail Corp., Mr. Marino served as the President of Transportation Management Services, Inc. (TMS). He holds a
Bachelor of Science in International Business from American University in Washington D.C. 

Legal Proceedings 

None of our directors or officers
are involved in any legal proceedings as described in Regulation S-K 229.401(f)). 

Corporate Governance 

Board of directors 

The board of directors oversees
our business affairs and monitors the performance of management. Directors are elected for a one-year term and hold office until their
successors have been elected and duly qualified unless the director resigns or by reason of death or other cause is unable to serve in
the capacity of director. If any director resigns, dies or is otherwise unable to serve out his or her term, or if the Board increases
the number of directors, the Board may fill any vacancy by a vote of a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a
quorum exists. A director elected to fill a vacancy shall serve for the unexpired term of his or her predecessor. Vacancies occurring
by reason of the removal of directors without cause may only be filled by vote of the shareholders. 

We do not have a policy regarding
the consideration of any director candidates, which may be recommended by our stockholders, including the minimum qualifications for director
candidates, nor has our board of directors established a process for identifying and evaluating director nominees. Further, when identifying
nominees to serve as a director, while we do not have a policy regarding the consideration of diversity in selecting directors, we seek
to create a board of directors that is strong in its collective knowledge and has a diversity of skills and experience with respect to
accounting and finance, management and leadership, vision and strategy, business operations, business judgment, industry knowledge and
corporate governance. We have not adopted a policy regarding the handling of any potential recommendation of director candidates by our
stockholders, including the procedures to be followed. Our Board has not considered or adopted any of these policies as we have never
received a recommendation from any stockholder for any candidate to serve on our board of directors. Given our relative size, we do not
anticipate that any of our stockholders will make such a recommendation in the near future. While there have been no nominations of additional
directors proposed, in the event such a proposal is made, all members of our Board will participate in the consideration of director nominees.
In considering a director nominee, it is likely that our Board will consider the professional and/or educational background of any nominee
with a view towards how this person might bring a different viewpoint or experience to our Board. 

We have not established any committees,
including an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee or a Nominating Committee, or any committee performing a similar function. The
functions of those committees are being undertaken by the board of directors as a whole. 

39 

Mr. Guillama is considered an
 audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K. Because Mr. Guillama is an officer,
director and significant stockholder of the Company, he is not independent of management. In general, an audit committee financial
expert is an individual member of the audit committee or board of directors who: 

understands generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements; 

is able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; 

has experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity to our financial statements; 

understands internal controls over financial reporting; and, 

understands audit committee functions. 

Our securities are not quoted
on an exchange that has requirements that a majority of our Board members be independent and we are not currently otherwise subject to
any law, rule or regulation requiring that all or any portion of our board of directors include independent directors, nor
are we required to establish or maintain an Audit Committee or other committee of our board of directors. 

Board leadership structure and the Board s
role in risk oversight 

Our Board believes our current
structure provides independence and oversight and facilitates the communication between senior management and the full board of directors
regarding risk oversight, which the Board believes strengthens its risk oversight activities. 

Risk is inherent with every business,
and how well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks, including liquidity risk, operational
risk, strategic risk and reputation risk. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management of the risks we face, while the Board
has responsibility for the oversight of risk management. In its risk oversight role, the board of directors has the responsibility to
satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. To
do this, the members of our board of directors meet regularly with management to discuss strategy and risks we face. Our Chief Financial
Officer is also a member of the Board and is available to address any questions or concerns raised by the Board on risk management and
any other matters. 

Director independence 

We have three directors, one of
which (Mr. Marino) is independent. 

Director qualifications 

Travis Jackson 
Mr. Jackson brings a wealth of experience across multiple dimensions of healthcare. Throughout his numerous roles, Mr. Jackson has been
responsible for national sales directed toward health insurance plans, providing access to state and county Medicaid plans, and even setting
up outpatient behavioral health clinics. Mr. Jackson also has had success in his career building new businesses. He was a founder of both
Ascendant Behavioral Health and Highland Springs Specialty Clinics, a series of outpatient behavioral health clinics. In addition, Mr.
Jackson was a founder in a healthcare technology startup where he created a multimillion-dollar company from an initial idea, through
fundraising, production, active sales and service and renewal phases. Accordingly, the Board determined that Mr. Jackson is qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

40 

Noel Guillama Mr.
Guillama is a nationally recognized expert in healthcare management and operations. He has served, past and present, as Chairman and Director
of multiple healthcare technology companies and health-related executive committees, both private and publicly listed on NASDAQ and NYSE-Amex.
His experience in the healthcare industry and his development of patented healthcare technologies are at the core of the Company s
new business plan. These factors were considered by the board in reaching their conclusion regarding Mr. Guillama s qualification
to serve as a director. 

John Marino Mr.
Marino is a seasoned executive of public and private companies, bringing significant experience driving revenue growth, operating efficiently
at scale in highly regulated industries, and delivering value to shareholders Accordingly, the Board determined that Mr. Marino is qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

In addition to the each of the
individual skills and background described above, the board also concluded that each of these individuals will continue to provide knowledgeable
advice to our other directors and to senior management on numerous issues facing our company and on the development and execution of our
strategy. 

Director Compensation 

We did not compensate our directors
for their services on the Board during 2022 and 2021. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics that applies to our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Controller
and any other persons performing similar functions. This code provides written standards that we believe are reasonably designed to deter
wrongdoing and promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between
personal and professional relationships, and full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports we file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. A copy of this Code is available without charge upon written request to our Corporate Secretary at our principal
executive offices. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The table below summarizes all
compensation recorded by us in the past two years for our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and each other executive
officer serving as such whose annual compensation exceeded 100,000, and up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have
been made in this table but for the fact that the individual was not serving as an executive officer of our company at December 31, 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Neil Swartz 
 2022 

360,000 
 360,000 
 
 Former Interim Chief Executive Officer (1) 
 2021 

420,000 
 420,000 
 
 Timothy S Hart 
 2022 

602,600 
 602,600 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer (2) 
 2021 

640,538 
 640,538 

(1) 
 There is no employment agreement between Mr. Swartz and the Company. Mr. Swartz did not earn any compensation as an individual. However, Mr. Swartz is 50 owner of TBG Holdings, Corp. During 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 720,000 and 840,000, respectively, as related party management fees. As such, we have included 50 of the recognized expense in the table above. 

(2) 
 There is no employment agreement between Mr. Hart and the Company. Mr. Hart did not earn any
 compensation as an individual, however, Mr. Hart is 50 owner of TBG Holdings Corp. During 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized
 720,000 and 840,000, respectively, as related party management fees due to TBG. As such, we have included 50 of the recognized
 expense in the table above. Additionally, Mr. Hart provides services to the Company through a company he owns, R3 Accounting. During
 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized expense related to R3 Accounting services of 242,600 and 220,538, respectively. 

41 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End Table 

The Company had no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth
certain information as of December 31, 2022 by (i) all persons who are known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding
shares of common stock, (ii) each director and Named Executive Officer; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group: 

Title of Class 

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Common Stock Equivalents 
 of Class (2) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 of Class (2) 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers 

Timothy S. Hart (3) 
 88,298 
 8,300,000 
 33.3 
 10,920,519 
 9.85 
 
 Neil Swartz (4) 
 88,298 
 8,300,000 
 33.3 
 10,920,519 
 9.85 
 
 Noel Guillama (5) 
 88,298 
 8,300,000 
 33.3 
 7,500,000 
 6.77 
 
 All current directors and officers as a group (3 persons) 
 264,894 
 24,900,000 
 100 
 29,341,038 
 26.47 

5 shareholders 

TBG Holdings Corp. 

9,978,019 
 9.00 
 
 Timothy S. Hart(3) 
 88,298 
 8,300,000 
 33.3 
 9,978,019 
 9.00 
 
 Neil Swartz (4) 
 88,298 
 8,300,000 
 33.3 
 9,978,019 
 9.00 
 
 The Quantum Group, Inc.(5) 

6,500,000 
 5.86 
 
 Guillama 2, Inc. (5) 
 88,298 
 8,300,000 
 33.3 
 1,000,000 
 0.90 

(1) 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock and except as indicated the address of each beneficial owner is 2929 East Commercial Boulevard, PH-D, Fort Lauderdale, FL 33308. 

(2) 
 Calculated pursuant to rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act. Beneficial ownership is calculated based on 122,182,860 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Under Rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act, shares not outstanding which are subject to options, warrants, rights or conversion privileges exercisable within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the number and percentage owned by such person, but are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by each other person listed. 

(3) 
 Represents (a) 8,300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 88,298 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; and (b) 9,978,019 shares of common stock held by TBG Holdings Corp., of which Mr. Hart is a principal and in such capacity, Mr. Hart may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of these shares. Mr. Hart is no longer a principal or director as of September 15, 2022. 

(4) 
 Represents (a) 8,300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 88,298 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; and (b) 9,978,019 shares of common stock held by TBG Holdings Corp., of which Mr. Swartz is a principal and in such capacity, Mr. Swartz may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of these shares. As of June 15, 2022, Mr. Swartz has no longer been a principal or
director. 

(5) 
 Represents (a) 8,300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 88,298 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock; (b) 6,500,000 shares of common stock held by The Quantum Group, Inc., which is controlled by Mr. Guillama; and (c) 1,000,000 shares of common stock held by Guillama 2, Inc., which is owned by Mr. Guillama. Mr. Guillama may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the shares held by The Quantum Group, Inc, and Guillama 2, Inc. 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

We have not adopted any equity compensation or similar
plans. 

42 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

We do not have a formal written
policy for the review and approval of transactions with related parties; however, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics require actual
or potential conflict of interest to be reported to the Board. Our employees are expected to disclose personal interests that may conflict
with ours and they may not engage in personal activities that conflict with their responsibilities and obligations to us. Periodically,
we inquire as to whether or not any of our Directors have entered into any transactions, arrangements or relationships that constitute
related party transactions. If any actual or potential conflict of interest is reported, our entire Board and outside legal counsel will
review the transaction and relationship disclosed and the Board makes a formal determination regarding each Director's independence. If
the transaction is deemed to present a conflict of interest, the Board will determine the appropriate action to be taken. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The board is responsible for review,
approval, or ratification of related party transactions entered into between us and related persons. Under SEC rules, a related person
is a director, officer, nominee for director, or 5 stockholder of our outstanding shares of common stock, and their affiliates and immediate
family members. 

The board has determined that,
barring additional facts or circumstances, a related person does not have a direct or indirect material interest in the following categories
of transactions: 

any transaction with another company for which a related person s only relationship is as an employee (other than an executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 10 of that company s shares, if the amount involved does not exceed the greater of 1 million or 2 of that company s total annual revenue; 

compensation to executive officers determined by the board; 

compensation to directors determined by the board; 

transactions in which all security holders receive proportional benefits; and 

banking-related services involving a bank depository of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a trust indenture, or similar service. 

The board reviews transactions
involving related persons who are not included in one of the above categories and makes a determination whether the related person has
a material interest in a transaction and may approve, ratify, rescind, or take other action with respect to the transaction in its discretion.
The board reviews all material facts related to the transaction and takes into account, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether
the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar
circumstances; the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; and, if applicable, the availability of other sources
of comparable products or services. 

The following are related party
transactions for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Pursuant to an agreement
dated June 2013 and amended in July 2021, TBG Holdings Corp. TBG ), was engaged to provide business advisory services,
manage and direct our public relations, provide recruiting services, develop and maintain material for market makers and investment
bankers, provide general administrative services, and respond to incoming investor relations calls. TBG is owned in part by Neil
Swartz, the Company s former Interim Chief Executive Officer and director, and a significant stockholder of the Company, and
Timothy Hart, the Company s former Chief Financial Officer and director, and a significant stockholder of the Company.
Effective on June 14, 2022, Neil Swartz voluntarily resigned as CEO of MediXall Group, Inc. and the Company appointed Noel J.
Guillama-Alvarez as his successor. On August 30, 2022, Noel J. Guillama- Alvarez voluntarily resigned as CEO and the Company
appointed Travis Jackson as his successor. On September 15, 2022, Timothy Hart voluntarily resigned as CFO of Medixall Group, Inc.
and the Company appointed Noel J. Guillama-Alvarez as his successor. 

Under this agreement, the
Company paid TBG a monthly fee of 40,000. In April 2021, we entered into an additional agreement with TBG to provide management
services specifically to our Health Karma subsidiary. Under this new agreement, the Company paid TBG an additional monthly fee of
 40,000. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed
 720,000 and 840,000, respectively, of related party management fees related to these agreements. These agreements have been
terminated effective September 30, 2022. 

R3
Accounting LLC R3 ), owned by Mr. Hart, provides accounting, tax and bookkeeping services to the Company. During the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed 242,600 and 220,538, respectively, related to R3
services. 

The
Company received short term cash advances during 2021 from Turnkey. There were no advances received during 2022. The advances are due
on demand, unsecured, and do not bear any interest. 

43 

Prepaid expenses (accounts payable and accrued expenses)
to related parties are as follows: 

Related Party 
 At December
 31, 2022 
 At December
 31, 2021 
 
 TBG agreements have been terminated effective September 30, 2022 
 
 276,043 
 
 Turnkey 
 (547,650 
 (549,150 
 
 R3 
 (62,640 
 (18,052 

(610,290 
 (291,159 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

Our unwritten policy with regard
to transactions with related persons is that all material transactions are to be reviewed by the entire Board for any possible conflicts
of interest. In the event of a potential conflict of interest, the Board will generally evaluate the transaction in terms of the following
standards: (i) the benefits to us; (ii) the impact on a director s independence in the event the related person is a director, an
immediate family member of a director or an entity in which a director is a partner, shareholder or executive officer; (iii) the availability
of other sources for comparable products or services; (iv) the terms and conditions of the transaction; and (v) the terms available to
unrelated parties or the employees generally. The Board will then document its findings and conclusion in written minutes. 

Director Independence 

Please refer to Director
Independence under the section titled CORPORATE GOVERNANCE in ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE. 

44 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Hacker, Johnson Smith,
P.A. HJS currently serves as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. To the knowledge of management, neither such firm nor any of its members has any
direct or material indirect financial interest in us or any connection with us in any capacity otherwise than as independent accountants. 

The Board has considered the audit
fees, audit-related fees, tax fees and other fees paid to HJS, as disclosed below, and has determined that the payment of such fees is
compatible with maintaining the independence of the accountants. 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 68,000 
 57,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 68,000 
 57,000 

Audit Fees This
category includes the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, review of condensed consolidated financial statements included
in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in
connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during,
or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related Fees 
This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange
Commission and other accounting consulting. 

Tax Fees This category
consists of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance and tax advice. The
services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees 
This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Our board of directors has adopted
a procedure for pre-approval of all fees charged by our independent registered public accounting firm. Under the procedure, the Board
approves the engagement letter with respect to audit, tax and review services. Other fees are subject to pre-approval by the Board, or,
in the period between meetings, by a designated member of the Board. Any such approval by the designated member is disclosed to the entire
Board at the next meeting. The audit and tax fees paid to the auditors with respect to 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the entire board
of directors. 

45 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements are
included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021; and, 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial statement schedules
are omitted because they are not required or are not applicable, or the required information is provided in the financial statements or
notes described in Item 15(a)(1) above. 

3. Exhibits 

The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated by reference. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Articles of Merger filed December 31, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed December 31, 2002 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed June 23, 2003 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificates of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed July 25, 2003 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificates of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed March 30, 2005 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed October 29, 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed May 14, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.9 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed August 26, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed September 10, 2010 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed July 12, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.11 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.12 
 
 Certificate of Change filed September 21, 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.12 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.13 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed July 2, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.13 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.14 
 
 Certificates of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation filed July 10, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 3.15 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.15 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 

46 

3.16 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation filed June 17, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.16 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 15, 2014) 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing the Company s name from Continental Rail Corp. to MediXall Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2016) 
 
 3.18 
 
 Certificate of Change to effect a 1 for 15 reverse stock split (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 16, 2016) 
 
 3.19 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 24, 2020) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement dated June 25, 2013 by and between TBG Holdings, Neil Swartz, Tim Hart, Larry Coe and John H. Marino, Sr., Transportation Management Services, Inc. and John H. Marino, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Letter agreement dated May 27, 2013 by and between Continental Rail Corp. and Taylor-DeJongh International (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement effective June 27, 2013 by and between IGSM Group, Inc. and Wayne A. August (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement effective June 25, 2013 by and between IGSM Group, Inc. and John H. Marino, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement by and between TBG Holdings, Neil Swartz, Tim Hart, Larry Coe and John H. Marino, Sr., Transportation Management Services, Inc. and John H. Marino, Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 15, 2014) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Independent Consultant Agreement dated October 2, 2013 by and between John M. Keasling and Continental Rail Corp. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 15, 2014) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Amendment to Independent Consultant Agreement dated June 24, 2014, effective October 2, 2013 by and between Continental Rail Corp. and John M. Keasling (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on July 15, 2014) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Agreement between the Company, Continental Rail, LLC, and the Company s Series A Preferred Shareholders (incorporated by reference from exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 26, 2015) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Definitive Agreement for the Exchange of Common Stock for Limited Liability Company interest dated June 24, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 27, 2016) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated July 8, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated December 13, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 16, 2016) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Definitive Acquisition Agreement dated July 27, 2020 between the registrant and Turnkey Capital, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 29, 2020) 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 of Form S-1 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2014) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2020) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of
Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MediXall Group, Inc. 

Dated: August 9, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Travis Jackson 

Travis Jackson 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Noel Guillama 
 
 Principal Financial Officer and Director (principal financial and accounting officer) 
 
 August 9, 2023 
 
 Noel Guillama 

/s/ Travis Jackson 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 
 
 August 9, 2023 
 
 Travis Jackson 

/s/ John Marino 
 
 Chairman 
 
 August 9, 2023 
 
 John Marino 

48 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID # 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 MediXall Group, Inc. 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of MediXall Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company ), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the
consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit that raise substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 MediXall Group, Inc. 

 Page Two 

Emphasis of Matter Significant Related
Party Transactions 

As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial
statements, the Company engages in significant related party transactions with entities which the Company s former Interim Chief
Executive Officer and the Company s former Chief Financial Officer have significant management responsibilities and controlling
equity ownership. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the Board of Directors and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Evaluating Website and Development Costs for
Impairment 

The Company s website and development costs
(W DC s) amounted to 412,582 as of December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, these
costs were incurred during the application and development stage of the project. W DC s are reviewed annually for impairment,
or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. The Company performed an impairment test for the W DC s and concluded
that there was no impairment as of December 31, 2022. The evaluation of impairment involves comparing the current fair value of W DC s
to its carrying value. Management uses the assistance of an independent specialist to determine the estimated fair value of W DC s.
Fair value is estimated using a cost-based approach model, specifically the cost to recreate or reproduce the asset using actual historical
cost incurred. The model contains several quantitative adjustments. The determination of fair value using this technique requires the
use of significant inputs, estimates and assumptions. 

The principal consideration for our determination
that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessments of the W DC s is a critical audit matter is the significant
and inherent judgment required in developing the fair value measurement of the asset. In turn, this led to a high degree of auditor judgment,
effort and subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to these inputs, estimates, and significant assumptions
for the impairment analysis. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of an independent impairment analysis provided by a management
specialist with specialized skill and knowledge. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included the following, among others: 

We assessed the reasonableness of the valuation model the Company utilized to complete the impairment analysis. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of the inputs, assumptions, and estimates utilized in the Company s impairment analysis, which included the Company s historical data, consumer price index, and income taxes 

We tested financial data utilized in the impairment analysis to assess the accuracy and completeness of the inputs 

We tested the overall mathematical accuracy of the impairment analysis. 

/s/ HACKER, JOHNSON SMITH PA 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 

August 9, 2023 

F- 3 

MEDIXALL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses - related party 

Other assets 

Total current assets 

Furniture and equipment, net 

Right-of-use-operating lease asset 

Website and development costs 

Intellectual property 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Operating lease liability 

Senior Convertible Debentures, net of discount of 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Contingencies (Notes 3 and 9) 

STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT: 

Convertible Preferred Series A stock, par value, authorized; issued and outstanding 

Convertible Preferred Series B stock, par value, authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common Stock, par value shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements) 

F- 4 

MEDIXALL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Provider subscriptions 

Gain from forgiveness of note payable 

Total Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

Professional fees 

Professional fees - related party 

Management fees - related party 

Personnel related expenses 

Other selling, general and administrative 

Credit for uncollectible prepaid expense - related party 

Interest expense 

Impairment of intellectual property 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net loss 

Less preferred stock dividends 

Net loss to common stockholders 

Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the years - basic and diluted 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements) 

F- 5 

MEDIXALL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Series A Voting 
 Series B Voting 

Preferred Stock 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

0.001 Par Value 
 0.001 Par Value 
 0.001 Par Value 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Proceeds received pursuant to Private Placement Memorandum, net of offering costs 

Proceeds received from sale of Preferred Stock, net of offering costs 

Common stock issued for services 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Proceeds received pursuant to Private Placement Memorandum, net of offering costs 

Common stock issued for services 

Common stock issued in exchange for right-to-use intelectual property 

Fair value of Warrents issued with Convertible Debentures 

Retirement of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements) 

F- 6 

MEDIXALL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Common stock issued as compensation for services 

Amortization of discount of warrants issued with Convertible Debentures 

Amortization of website development costs 

Amortization of intellectual property 

Impairment of intellectual property 

Gain from forgiveness of note payable 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other assets 

Prepaid expenses- related party 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses - related party 

Amortization of right-of-use operating lease asset 

Operating lease liability 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Website development costs 

Purchase of furniture and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash information 

Issuance of Common Stock in exchange for the Right-to-Use Intellectual Property 

Cash paid during the year for interest 

Asset acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with
 asset acquisition, net 

Discount issued with Convertible Debentures 

Decrease in note payable resulting from gain on forgiveness of note payable 

Right-of-use lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements) 

F- 7 

MEDIXALL GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of common stock of MediXall. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company had the right to purchase these intellectual properties
and buyout the existing members of the Virtual Clinic for additional shares of MediXall common stock. On December 29, 2022, the
Company acquired 100 of Virtual Clinic Intellectual Properties and bought out the existing members of the Virtual Clinic. In
connection with this transaction, the Company issued an additional shares
of common stock of MediXall. 

In accordance with Accounting
Standards Codification ASC 805, the value of the stock issued was measured based on the value of the Company s
common stock, which was considered to be the more clearly determinable measure of fair value. The fair values of these transactions were
determined to be and , respectively. In connection with the acquisition, the Company also acquired Virtual Clinic s
net assets with a fair value of . The value of intellectual property represented approximately of the net assets, and as such,
management determined the transaction to be an asset acquisition. At December 31, 2022 the Company performed an impairment analysis and
noted that fair value of intellectual property was which resulted in an impairment of . 

at December 31, 2022, and does not have sufficient operating cash flows. The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP ),
which contemplates continuation of the Company as a going concern, which is dependent upon the Company s ability to establish itself
as a profitable business. 

Since the Company has generated
minimal revenues from its planned operations, its ability to continue as a going concern is wholly dependent upon its ability to obtain
additional financing. Since inception, the Company has funded operations through short-term borrowings, related party loans, and the proceeds
from equity sales in order to meet its strategic objectives. The Company's future operations are dependent upon its ability to generate
revenues along with additional external funding as needed. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain
sufficient funds to continue the development of its business plan. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued of convertible
debentures, under the same terms as those described in Note 8. 

In view of these conditions, the
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is in substantial doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations
and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. These consolidated financial statements do
not give effect to any adjustments which will be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern and therefore be
required to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities in other than the normal course of business and at amounts different from
those reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. 

years 
 
 Furniture 

- years 

as of December 31, 2022, and was determined using level 3 inputs. 

Series B preferred stock dividends 

Loss available to common stockholders 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted LPS 

Potentially dilutive securities
not included in the calculation of diluted LPS attributable to common stockholders because to do so would be anti-dilutive are as follows
(in common stock equivalent shares): 

Series B Preferred stock (convertible) 

Senior Convertible Debentures and Warrants 

write-down of long-lived assets required during 2022 and 2021, except intellectual property acquired. There can be no assurances that future
impairment tests will not result in charges to operations. 

t result in any impairment loss for 2022 and 2021. 

Impairment 

Accumulated amortization 

Net carrying amount 

Estimated amortization expense
for the right-to-use intellectual property for each of the future years ending December 31, is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

outstanding Series
A preferred shares are convertible into common shares. The preferred shares do not pay dividends. The number of votes for the
preferred shares shall be the same as the amount of shares of common shares that would be issued upon conversion. 

On June 24, 2020, the Company
filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada (the Secretary of State a certificate of designation (the Certificate
of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock , par value per share (the Series B Preferred
Stock ). The Certificate of Designation was effective upon filing with the Secretary of State and designated a new series of preferred
stock of the Company as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock with shares authorized for issuance. 

Upon the occurrence of the events
as set forth in paragraph (a) or (b) below, each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be converted into four (the Conversion
Ratio fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into
which such common stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified (the Conversion Shares as set forth in the Certificate
of Designation. 

(a) Automatic Conversion 

Immediately upon the listing of
the common stock for trading on the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market, all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series
B Preferred Stock shall automatically be converted into Conversion Shares without any further action of any holder of Series B Preferred
Stock (each, a Series B Holder and collectively, Series B Holders ). 

(b) Optional Conversion 

A Series B Holder shall have the
right at any time during the period beginning on the date which is six months following the date that the Series B Preferred Stock is
initially issued and prior to any automatic conversion as provided in the Certificate of Designation, to convert all or any part of the
outstanding Series B Preferred Stock held by such Series B Holder into Conversion Shares at the Conversion Ratio as provided in the Certificate
of Designation, subject to limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designation. 

Dividends 

Series
B Holders will be entitled to receive a quarterly dividend, until the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, at the rate of per
annum (the Series B Dividend ). The Series B Dividend will be cumulative, shall accrue quarterly, and be paid via the issuance
of a number of shares of common stock of the Company equal to (1) the dollar amount of the Series B Dividend being paid, divided by (2)
 (the Stock Dividend ). The Stock Dividend shall be paid via the issuance to the applicable Series B Holder of the applicable
shares of common stock via book entry in the books and records of the Company. At December 31, 2022, cumulative unpaid dividends on the
Series B Preferred Stock amounted to . common stock has been issued as of December 31, 2022 in satisfaction of the preferred
stock dividend. 

Voting Rights 

Each share of Series B Preferred
Stock shall have a number of votes on any matter submitted to the holders of the Company s common stock, or any class thereof, for
a vote, equal to the number of Conversion Shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock is then convertible, and shall vote together
with the common stock, or any class thereof, as applicable, as one class on such matter for as long as the share of Series B Preferred
Stock is issued and outstanding. 

.
In April 2021, we entered into an additional agreement with TBG to provide management services specifically to our Health Karma
subsidiary. Under this new agreement, the Company paid TBG an additional monthly fee of .
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed and
 ,
respectively, of related party management fees related to these agreements. These agreements have been terminated effective
September 30, 2022. 

R3
Accounting LLC R3 ), owned by Mr. Hart, provides accounting, tax and bookkeeping services to the Company. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company expensed and , respectively, related to R3 services. 

The
Company received short term cash advances during 2021 from Turnkey. There were no advances received during 2022. The advances are due
on demand, unsecured, and do not bear any interest. 

Prepaid expenses (accounts payable and accrued expenses)
to related parties are as follows: 

Turnkey 

R3 

. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company has received proceeds from convertible debentures totaling .
Debentures totaling were issued without warrants. The interest rate is 
and the maturity date is . Interest is due quarterly on January 1, April 1, July 1 and October 1 of each year during which the debentures are
outstanding. Interest is payable in shares of the Company s common stock until December 1, 2022. Thereafter, the interest will
be paid 50 in cash and 50 in the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2022, total accrued interest payable of 
was unpaid. The outstanding debentures are convertible into shares of common stock at a price range from 
to 
per share. The debentures and warrants may be converted at the option of the holder at any time after the issuance date until the
debentures are paid off. 

The Company s common stock underlying the convertible
debentures and warrants is subject to a registration rights agreement. The Company is required to use its reasonable best efforts to comply
with the provisions of the registration rights agreement. 

The Company issued warrants to acquire up to an aggregate
 shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price ranging from to per share. Each Warrant is exercisable
by the Investor beginning on the effective date through the fifth-year anniversary thereof. 

The fair value of each warrant issued during the year
ended December 31, 2022 was estimated on the date of issuance using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions: 

Exercise price 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected dividend yield 

Expected stock volatility 
 - 
 
 Expected life in years 

The expected life was based on the average life of
the warrants. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of Company's common stock. The risk-free rate for periods within the
contractual life of the warrants is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of issuance. The dividend yield assumption
is based on the Company's expectation of dividend payments. 

The relative fair value of the warrants was 
and was recorded as debt discount. During 2022, the Company amortized , of the debt discount to interest expense. 

The following summarized the senior convertible debentures
during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Debentures issued 

Relative fair value of warrants issued as discount 

Accretion of warrants issued as discount 

Senior Convertible Debentures at December 31, 2022 

Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of lease liabilities 

At December 31, 2022 
 At
 December 31, 2021 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Operating lease liability 

Weighted-average remaining lease term 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted-average discount rate 

Future minimum lease payments
under non-cancellable leases, reconciled to our discounted operating lease liability is as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

. The Small Business Administration forgave the full amount of the loan in
June 2021. Accordingly, the Company has derecognized the loan and recognized the revenue of 165,719 from loan forgiveness during
2021. 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

The tax effect of temporary differences
that give rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of the following: 

Share-based compensation 

Valuation Allowance 

Total Net Deferred Tax Assets 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had a net operating loss carry forward for income tax reporting purposes of approximately million. These carryforwards will begin
to expire in 2033. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company assessed its earnings history and trend over the past
year and its estimate of future earnings and determined that it was more likely than not that the deferred tax assets would not be realized
in the near term. Accordingly, a valuation allowance was recorded and maintained against the net deferred tax asset for the amount not
expected to be realized in the future. The Company is no longer subject to examination by taxing authorities for the years before 2019. 

Advisors and Independent Contractors 

Issued to 
 Number of Shares 
 Expense Recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 

Employees 

Advisors and Independent Contractors 

The compensation expense to advisors
and independent contractors is included in professional fees in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The compensation
expense to employees is included in personnel related expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

In November
of 2022 the Company entered into an agreement with an investment banking company to provide financial advisory and investment banking
services. The agreement has a term of 12 months, and the Company has issued 4,679,821 shares of Company s common stock as compensation
for these services. The shares issued in connection with the agreement were valued based on the fair value of the Company's common stock
at the date of grant. The company will recognize this compensation of on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has recorded a stock-based compensation expense of related to these services
which is included within professional fees in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. The unrecognized compensation of
 will be recognized during 2023. 

F-16 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mdxl_ex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Travis Jackson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of MediXall Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 9, 2023 

/s/ Travis Jackson 

Travis Jackson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mdxl_ex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Noel Guillama, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of MediXall Group, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 9, 2023 

/s/ Noel Guillama 

Noel Guillama 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mdxl_ex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of MediXall
Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Travis Jackson, Chief Executive Officer of the Company,
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my
knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: August 9, 2023 
 /s/ Travis Jackson 

Travis Jackson 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mdxl_ex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Certification 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of MediXall Group, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ), I, Noel Guillama, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: August 9, 2023 
 /s/ Noel Guillama 

Noel Guillama 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 mdxl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 mdxl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 mdxl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 mdxl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

