<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1517681_0001493152-23-034632.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13250923</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>409084</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1779964</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4882456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2515639</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3412051</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-034632.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928161648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-034632
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Propanc Biopharma, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001517681
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				330662986
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54878
		FILM NUMBER:		231289889

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		302/6 BUTLER STREET
		CITY:			CAMBERWELL, VICTORIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			3124
		BUSINESS PHONE:		61-03-9882-0780

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		302/6 BUTLER STREET
		CITY:			CAMBERWELL, VICTORIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			3124

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Propanc Health Group Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-034632.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to _____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 identification
 No.) 

,
 , , VIC 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

 Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transaction period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was computed by reference to the
closing price of the registrant s common stock as quoted on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. on December 30, 2022 (which
was 0.60 per share), based on 1,245,700 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock outstanding on
such date. For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and 10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates.
This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As
of September 27, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 23 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 24 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 24 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 26 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 36 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 38 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 42 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 47 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 50 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 

Signatures 
 57 

2 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All
statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state securities
laws, including: any projections of earnings, revenues or other financial items; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives
of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new products, services or developments; any statements regarding
future economic conditions or performance; any statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing.
Forward-looking statements may include the words may, might, will, will likely result, 
 would, should, estimate, intend, continue, believe, 
 expect, plan, project, forecast, anticipate, seek, 
 continue, target or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. The ultimate correctness
of these forward-looking statements is dependent upon a number of known and unknown risks and events and is subject to various uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be different from any future results, performance
or achievements expressed or implied by these statements. 

The
following important factors, among others, could affect our future results and events, causing those results and events to differ materially
from those views expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: our ability to continue as a going concern absent new debt or
equity financings; our ability to successfully remediate material weaknesses in our internal controls; our ability to reach research
and development milestones as planned and within proposed budgets; our ability to control costs; our ability to successfully implement
our expansion strategies; our current reliance on substantial debt financing that we currently are unable to repay in cash; our ability
to obtain adequate new financing; our ability to successfully develop PRP, our lead product candidate; our ability to successfully develop
and market our technologies; our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection; our ability to recruit employees and directors with
accounting and finance expertise; our dependence on third parties for services; our dependence on key executives; the impact of government
regulations, including U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations; the impact of any future litigation; the availability of capital;
changes in economic, business and competitive conditions; and other risks. Any one or more of such risks and uncertainties could have
a material adverse effect on us or the value of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). 

All
forward-looking statements included in this Form-10-K are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or as of the date
indicated. We do not undertake any obligation to, and may not, publicly update or correct any forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances that subsequently occur or which we hereafter become aware of, except as required by law. New risks and uncertainties
arise from time to time and we cannot predict these events or how they may affect us. When considering these risks, uncertainties and
assumptions, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any documents incorporated
herein by reference. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we incorporate by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect.
All forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

General 

As
used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to the Company, Propanc, we, our, 
and us refer to Propanc Biopharma, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, unless otherwise indicated. In addition, references
to our financial statements are to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form
10-K except as the context otherwise requires. 

We
prepare our consolidated financial statements in United States dollars and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
as applied in the United States, U.S. GAAP ). In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to and dollars 
are to United States dollars. 

3 

Overview 

We
are a biopharmaceutical company developing a novel approach to prevent recurrence and metastasis from solid tumors by using pancreatic
proenzymes that target and eradicate cancer stem cells in patients suffering from pancreatic, ovarian and colorectal cancers. Our novel
proenzyme therapy is based on the science that enzymes stimulate biological reactions in the body, especially enzymes secreted by the
pancreas. These pancreatic enzymes could represent the body s primary defense against cancer. 

Our
lead product candidate, PRP, is a variation upon our novel formulation and involves proenzymes, the inactive precursors of enzymes. As
a result of positive early indications of the anti-cancer effects of our technology, we have conducted successful pre-clinical studies
on PRP and also commenced preparation for a clinical study in advanced cancer patients. Subject to us receiving sufficient financing,
we plan to begin our Investigational Medicinal Product Dossier, study proposal and Investigator s Brochure in 2023. Our plan is
to then commence our study preparation process with the contract research organization CRO ), analytical lab and trial
site(s) selection and to begin our clinical trial application for PRP CTA compilation in the third calendar quarter of
2023 and complete the CTA compilation and submit the CTA in the second half of the 2023 calendar year. In the fourth calendar quarter
of 2023, we plan to begin the preparation of logistics and trial site initiation visits. Subject to raising additional sufficient capital,
we subsequently plan to commence a First-In-Human FIH ), Phase Ib study in patients with advanced solid tumors, evaluating
the safety, pharmacokinetics and anti-tumor efficacy of PRP in the first half of the 2024 calendar year, which study we hope to complete
within twelve months thereafter. We intend to develop our PRP to treat early-stage cancer and pre-cancerous diseases and as a preventative
measure for patients at risk of developing cancer based on genetic screening. 

PRP
is an intravenous injection proenzyme treatment designed as a therapeutic option in cancer treatment and prevention. PRP is a combination
of the pancreatic proenzymes, trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen. PRP produces multiple effects on cancerous cells intended to inhibit
tumor growth and potentially stop a tumor from spreading through the body. 

We
received notification from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA in June 2017 that PRP had been conferred Orphan
Drug Designation for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. This special status is granted when a rare disease or condition is implicated,
and a potential treatment qualifies under the Orphan Drug Act and applicable FDA regulations. 

We
received a Certificate for Advance Overseas Finding from the Board of Innovation and Science Australia to receive an up to a 43.5 cash
back benefit from overseas research and development R D expenses. The finding relates to the planned Phase
Ib clinical trial Multiple Ascending Dose Studies of proteolytic proenzymes for the treatment of advanced cancer patients suffering
from solid tumors planned to be conducted at the Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Melbourne, Australia. Overseas activities to be undertaken
include the development of an analytical assay for the quantification of active pharmaceutical ingredients API in PRP
and its manufacture of the finished product for the Phase Ib clinical trial. 

Our
POP1 joint research and drug discovery program POP1 Program is designed to produce a backup clinical compound to PRP.
With the aim of producing large quantities of trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen for commercial use, exhibiting minimal variation between
lots and without sourcing the proenzymes from animals, we are undertaking a research project in collaboration with the universities of
Ja n and Granada. We entered into a second two-year joint research and collaboration agreement with the University of Ja n,
which is undertaking the research activities for the POP1 Program. 

4 

Our
Focus 

Cancer
occurs when cells in the body start to divide quickly and uncontrollably with an ability to migrate from one location and spread to distant
sites. A cell becomes cancerous when it becomes undifferentiated. The cell forgets to do its job and invests all its energy to proliferating.
Unlike normal cells, cancer cells multiply, but do not differentiate. 

Common
cancer therapies take advantage of the uncontrolled proliferation of the cancer cells and kill these cells by targeting the cell division
machinery. These therapies are effective but affect healthy cells as well, particularly those with a high rate of cell turnover, inducing
undesirable side effects. 

Our
goal is to stop cancer not by targeting tumor cell death, but inducing cell differentiation. This is known as differentiation therapy.
The key focus is to convince the malignant cells to stop proliferating and return to do their work as a specific cell type. Differentiation
therapy does not target cell death, so healthy cells within the patient will not be compromised, unlike chemotherapeutic drugs or gamma
irradiation. 

Differentiation
therapy induces the cancer cells into the pathway of terminal differentiation and eventual senescence i.e. , a non-proliferative
state). Differentiation therapy acts not only against cancer cells, but interestingly can turn cancer stem cells (undifferentiated cells)
towards completely differentiated i.e. , normal) cells. 

There
are natural elements within our body that could help us fight against cancer. Enzymes are natural proteins that stimulate and accelerate
biological reactions in the body. Particularly, enzymes secreted by the exocrine pancreas that are essential for the digestion of proteins
and fats. More than one hundred years ago, Professor John Beard first proposed that pancreatic enzymes represent the body s primary
defense against cancer and would be useful as a cancer treatment. Since then, several scientists have endorsed Professor Beard s
hypothesis with encouraging data from patient treatment. 

We
are developing a long-term therapy based on a pancreatic proenzyme formulation to prevent tumor recurrence and metastasis, the main cause
of patient death from cancer. PRP is a novel, patented, formulation consisting of two proenzymes mixed in a synergetic ratio. 

After
extensive laboratory research and a limited amount of human data, we have evidence that PRP: 

Reduces
 cancer cell growth via promotion of cell differentiation; 

Enhances
 cell adhesion and may suppress metastasis progression; 

Exhibits
 no observable serious side effects and improves patient survival; 

Alters
 the external microenvironment of malignant tumors, preventing tumors from returning and spreading. 

PRP 

PRP
is a mixture of two proenzymes, trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen from bovine pancreas administered by intravenous injection. A synergistic
ratio of 1:6 inhibits growth of most tumor cells. Examples include kidney, ovarian, breast, brain, prostate, colorectal, lung liver,
uterine and skin cancers. 

Mechanism
Of Action 

Metastasis
occurs because a program inside the cell, called the epithelial-mesenchymal transition EMT is activated, which causes
epithelial cancer cells to become invasive and stem cell-like, features which then allow these cancer cells to spread and metastasize.
PRP reverses the conversion from an epithelial to a mesenchymal phenotype and, as such, may reduce the metastatic potential of the tumor
cells. PRP also promotes the acquisition of a less malignant phenotype, in addition to a decrease in proliferation due to lineage (i.e.,
direct descent) specific cellular differentiation. 

Selectivity 

PRP
treatment affects the Transforming Growth Factor Beta TGF pathway, a significant tumor promoter in late-stage cancer
by inducing tumor cell migration and stimulating the EMT program. The likely molecular targets are proteinase-activated-receptors PAR type 1 and 2, which are over frequently overexpressed in many types of cancers. Trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen are activated by proteases
in the extracellular matrix of tumor cells. In turn, trypsin (activated trypsinogen) has a preference to activate PAR-2, whilst Chymotrypsin
(activated chymotrypsinogen) mainly activates PAR-1. 

5 

Effects
Against Cancer Stem Cells 

Cancer
stem cells are resistant to standard treatments because they remain dormant for long periods, then migrate to other organs, and trigger
explosive tumor growth, causing the patient to relapse. Approximately eighty percent of cancers are from solid tumors and metastasis
is the main cause of patient death. Our unique patented approach is designed to target and eradicate cancer stem cells not killed by
radiation or chemotherapy. 

PRP
is designed to target and eradicate cancer stem cells not killed by radiation or chemotherapy. Traditional cancer therapies act on tumor
replicating cells, but not cancer stem cells, so they can rebuild the tumor mass and can migrate to start a new tumor in another organ.
PRP stops cancer stem cells so that a tumor loses the ability to generate new cells and therefore the tumor disappears with no option
to form a metastatic tumor elsewhere. 

PRP
treatment regulates up to four relevant intracellular pathways related to cancer spread and metastasis of cancer stem cells. 
the TGF , Hippo, Wnt and Notch pathways. It promotes the up-regulation of RAC1b, which avoids the hyper-activation of the p38 pathway
induced by the TGF pathway, leading to the phosphorylation of yes-associated protein (YAP), which sequesters B-catenin in the cytoplasm,
blocking the canonical Wnt pathway and inhibiting the Notch pathway. This cascade of reactions implies the disruption of the cancer stem
cell phenotype and the reversal of the malignant epithelial to mesenchymal transition process that leads to tumor invasion. 

PRP
Impairs Niche Formation and Tumor Initiation 

The
proenzyme treatment inhibits the expression of genes related to the cancer stem cell phenotype, changing these malignant cells toward
a more differentiated and less dangerous cellular condition. PRP interferes with the signals that the primary tumor sends to other tissues
to prepare the pre-metastatic niche. Several assays, in vitro and in vivo studies confirm that PRP exerts an anti-tumor effect and acts
selectively against all malignant, or tumor elements without affecting the non-tumor microenvironment and preventing its malignification. 

In
Vivo Efficacy of PRP In Pancreatic and Ovarian Tumors 

The
effect of the pro-enzyme formulation PRP at different doses on tumor weight in orthotopically implanted pancreatic and ovary tumors was
evaluated. In the pancreatic tumor model, there was significant P 

Overview
Of Clinical Studies 

The
clinical efficacy of a suppository formulation containing bovine pancreatic pro-enzymes trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen was evaluated
in the context of a UK Pharmaceuticals Special Scheme at the Dove Clinic in Hampshire, UK by Dr. Julian Kenyon, the Company s Chief
Scientific Officer, and the results were published by the Company in a peer-reviewed journal, Scientific Reports, on behalf of Dr. Kenyon.
Clinical effects were studied in 46 patients with advanced metastatic cancers of different origin (prostate, breast, ovarian, pancreatic,
colorectal, stomach, non-small cell lung, bowel cancer and melanoma) after treatment with a rectal formulation of both pancreatic pro-enzymes.
Patients were treated daily with a rectal formulation containing 8.92 mg of each of the two pancreatic pro-enzymes and 1.78 mg -Amylase
(A) per suppository. The study was carried out under a UK Specials License at the Dove Clinic, Hampshire, UK for periods
up to 14 months. 

No
severe or serious adverse events related to the rectal administration were observed. Patients did not experience any hematological side
effects as typically seen with classical chemotherapy regimens. No allergic reactions after rectal administration of suppositories were
observed. 

6 

In
order to assess the therapeutic activity of rectal administration, overall survival of patients under treatment was compared to the life
expectancy assigned to a patient prior to treatment start. 19 of 46 patients (41.3 with advanced malignant diseases, most of them suffering
from metastases, had a survival time significantly longer than expected; in fact, for the whole set of cancer types, mean survival (9.0
months) was significantly higher than mean life expectation (5.6 months). Although the number of patients per cancer indication is naturally
quite low, 3 out of 8 patients with prostate cancer and 5 out of 11 patients with gastrointestinal cancers appear to particularly benefit
from the treatment with the proenzyme suppositories. 

PRP
proves to be an in vivo effective and non-toxic anti-tumor treatment, able to inhibit angiogenesis and tumor growth, cancer cell migration
and invasiveness. Furthermore, a suppository formulation containing both pancreatic proenzymes increased the life expectancy of advanced
cancer patients. Consequently, we believe that PRP could have relevant oncological clinical applications for the treatment of solid tumors
like advanced pancreatic adenocarcinoma and advanced epithelial ovarian cancer. 

Cancer
 Type 
 
 Life
 Expectation 
 (months) 
 
 Survival
 
 (months) 
 
 Pancreatic
 carcinoma (n = 4) 
 
 2 
 
 8 

4 

An
overview of clinical results. Patients who met prognosis of life expectation ). For the whole set of cancer types, mean survival (9.0
months) was statistically significantly higher than mean life expectation (5.6 months). One way ANOVA (analysis of variance) 
= 0.05, P 

7 

POP1
Joint Research And Drug Discovery Program 

The
POP1 Program is designed to produce a backup clinical compound to PRP, which is targeting metastatic cancer from solid tumors. According
to an Emergen Research report published in January 2022, the global metastatic cancer market is projected to reach 111 billion by 2027. 

To
date, recombinant trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen have been synthesized and purified in the laboratory. In the case of trypsinogen,
the initial success of producing trypsinogen synthetically has advanced to the stage where optimization of protein production is underway.
Whereas purification and yield of chymotrypsinogen is currently the focus of research. 

A
synthetic version of trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen could have additional benefits to the global healthcare system that could further
capitalize on the new therapeutic approach to treating cancer that PRP offers to cancer sufferers. For example, both proenzymes synthesized
by an in vivo (living organism) system to produce crystalized proteins that could be maintained for long periods without suffering degradation,
even in the absence of refrigeration. This will be particularly useful for a longer shelf life as well as global distribution of the
drug product, particularly in warmer climates and developing regions where refrigeration may not be available. The program s joint
researchers at the universities of Ja n and Granada are currently collaborating with the Institute of Microbiology and Microbial
Biotechnology, at the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences in Vienna, Austria, and are working towards full scale manufacture
of a synthetic recombinant formulation to PRP. 

PRP
Target Indications 

The
management of cancer differs widely, with a multitude of factors impacting the choice of treatment strategy. Some of those factors include: 

the
 type of tumor, usually defined by the tissue in the body from which it originated; 

the
 extent to which it has spread beyond its original location; 

the
 availability of treatments, driven by multiple factors including cost, drugs approved, local availability of suitable facilities,
 etc.; 

regional
 and geographic differences; 

whether
 the primary tumor is amenable to surgery, either as a potentially curative procedure, or as a palliative one; and 

the
 balance between potential risks and potential benefits from the various treatments and, probably most importantly, the patient s
 wishes. 

For
many patients with solid cancers, such as breast, ovarian, colorectal, lung and pancreatic cancer, surgery is frequently the first treatment
option, often followed by first-line chemotherapy with or without radiotherapy. While the hope is that such procedures are curative,
in many instances the tumor returns, and second-line treatment strategies are chosen in an effort to achieve a degree of control over
the tumor. In most instances, the benefit is temporary, and eventually the point is reached where the patient s tumor either fails
to respond to treatment adequately, or the treatment has unacceptable toxicity that severely limits its usefulness. 

8 

Should
the planned Phase I, II and III clinical trials confirm the efficacy of PRP, along with the favorable safety and tolerability profile
suggested by pre-clinical studies conducted to date, we believe our product will have utility in a number of clinical situations including: 

1. 
 In
 the early-stage management of solid tumors, most likely as part of a multi-pronged treatment strategy in combination with existing
 therapeutic interventions; 

2. 
 As
 a product that can be administered long term for patients following standard treatment approaches, such as surgery, or chemotherapy,
 in order to prevent or delay recurrence; and 

3. 
 As
 a preventative measure for patients at risk of developing cancer based on genetic screening. 

In
the near-term and as part of our planned Phase I, II and III clinical trials, we plan to target patients with solid tumors, most likely
ovarian and pancreatic, for whom other treatment options have been exhausted. This is a common approach by which most new drugs for cancer
are initially tested. Once efficacy and safety have been demonstrated in this patient population, exploration of the potential utility
of the drug in earlier stage disease can be undertaken, together with investigation of the drug s utility in other types of cancers,
such as gastro-esophageal tumors, colon or rectal carcinoma might be conducted. A Phase II study in a back-up indication, such as advanced
therapy refractant prostate cancer, will also be considered. This indication is based on positive preclinical pharmacology studies. 

Pancreatic
Cancer 

Pancreatic
cancer is one of the most lethal malignancies with a median survival of less than six months and a five-year survival rate of less than
5 . The lethal nature of this disease stems from its propensity rapidly to disseminate to the lymphatic system and distant organs. This
aggressive biology and resistance to conventional and targeted therapeutic agents leads to a typical clinical presentation of incurable
disease at the time of diagnosis. 

Pancreatic
cancer has claimed notoriety over the last decades by proving to be one of the most recalcitrant solid tumors. As an indicator of its
lethality, pancreatic cancer accounts for less than 3 of new cancers diagnosed annually in developed countries; yet, it is the third
leading cause of cancer related mortality. 

Since
pancreatic cancer is an essentially fatal condition, disease duration is roughly equivalent with survival time. The median time of survival
of patients with pancreatic cancer depends on the extend of disease at the time of diagnosis and ranges from 11 to 20 months for patients
who qualified for surgical resection (Stage I/II), to 6-11 months for patients with locally advanced disease (Stage III), and only two
to six months for patients with metastatic disease (Stage IV) (Amikura 1995, Richter 2003). Taking these low survival times into consideration,
the yearly incidence rates for pancreatic cancer are considered the more relevant measure for this disease. 

Each
year the American Cancer Society estimates the numbers of new cancer cases and deaths that will occur in the United States in the current
year and compiles the most recent data on cancer incidence, mortality, and survival. Incidence data are collected by the National Cancer
Institute (NCI), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and the North American Association of Central Cancer Registries
(NAACCR). In 2020, it was estimated that a total of more than 1,806,590 new cancer cases and more than 606,520 cancer deaths occurred
in the United States according to the National Cancer Institute. Amongst these, a total of almost 50,000 new cases of pancreatic cancer
(3.2 of new cancer cases) were estimated, which resulted in more than 40,000 deaths (8.2 of cancer deaths). This means only 20 survival
rate of patients diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. 

Ovarian
Cancer 

Ovarian
cancer is a generic term that can be used for any cancer involving the ovaries, arising from one of the several different cell types
of ovaries, including germ cells, specialized gonadal stromal cells and epithelial cells. Epithelial ovarian cancer accounts for approximately
90 of ovarian cancers and is responsible for most ovarian cancer related deaths. Furthermore, several subtypes of ovarian cancer have
been described according to different risk factors, different genetic mutations, different biological behaviors and different prognoses.
This heterogeneity of the disease has impeded progress in the prevention, early detection, treatment and management of ovarian cancer. 

9 

In
2020, ovarian cancer is the eighth most diagnosed cancer among women in the world and accounts for an estimated 313,959 new cases and
207,252 deaths worldwide (World Cancer Research Fund International)., In the USA, 19,880 new cases (2015 2019) and 12,810 related
deaths (2016 2020) are estimated to occur (National Cancer Institute). The disease typically presents at late stage when the
five-year relative survival rate is only 29 . Few cases (15 are diagnosed with localized tumor (stage 1), when the five-year survival
rate is 92 . Strikingly, the overall five-year relative survival rate generally ranges between 30 to 40 across the globe and has seen
only very modest increases since 1995. 

Current
Therapies 

We
are developing a therapeutic solution for the treatment of patients with advanced stages of cancer targeting solid tumors, which is cancer
that originates in organs or tissues other than bone marrow or the lymph system. Common cancer types classified as solid tumors include
lung, colorectal, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer and liver cancers. In each of these indications, there is a large market opportunity
to capitalize on the limitations of current therapies. 

Current
therapeutic options for the treatment of cancer offer, at most, a few months of extra life or tumor stabilization. Some experts believe
that drugs that kill most tumor cells do not affect cancer stem cells, which can regenerate the tumor (e.g., chemotherapy). Studies are
revealing the genetic changes in cells that cause cancer and spur its growth. This research is providing scientific researchers with
many potential targets for drugs. Tumor cells, however, can develop resistance to drugs. 

Limitations
of Current Therapies 

PRP
was developed because of the limitation of current cancer therapies. While surgery is often safe and effective for early-stage cancer,
many standard therapies for late-stage cancer urgently need improvement; current treatments generally provide modest benefits, and frequently
cause significant adverse effects. Our focus is to provide oncologists and their patients with therapies for metastatic cancer which
are more effective than current therapies, and which have a substantially reduced side effect profile. 

While
progress has been made within the oncology sector in developing new treatments, the overall cancer death rate has only improved by fifteen
percent over the last 30 years. This is attributed to a reduction in smoking and an increase in 5-year survival rates for cancers. 

Most
of these new treatments have some limitations, such as: 

1. significant
 toxic effects; 

2. expense;
 and 

3. limited
 survival benefits. 

We
believe that our treatment will provide a competitive advantage over the following treatments: 

Chemotherapeutics:
 Side effects from chemotherapy can include pain, diarrhea, constipation, mouth sores, hair loss, nausea and vomiting, as well as
 blood-related side effects, which may include a low cell count of infection fighting white blood cells (neutropenia), low red blood
 cell count (anemia), and low platelet count (thrombocytopenia). Our goal is to demonstrate that our treatment will be more effective
 than chemotherapeutic and hormonal therapies with fewer side effects. 

Targeted
 therapies: The most common type is multi-targeted kinase inhibitors (molecules which inhibit a specific class of enzymes called kinases).
 Common side effects include fatigue, rash, hand-foot reaction, diarrhea, hypertension and dyspnea (shortness of breath). Further,
 tyrosine kinases inhibited by these drugs appear to develop resistance to inhibitors. While the clinical findings with PRP are early
 and subject to confirmation in future clinical trials, no evidence has yet been observed of the development of resistance by the
 cancer to PRP. 

10 

Monoclonal
 antibodies: Development of monoclonal antibodies is often difficult due to safety concerns. Side effects that are most common include
 skin and gastro-intestinal toxicities. For example, several serious side effects from Avastin, an anti-angiogenic cancer drug, include
 gastrointestinal perforation and dehiscence (e.g., rupture of the bowel), severe hypertension (often requiring emergency treatment)
 and nephrotic syndrome (protein leakage into the urine). Antibody therapy can be applied to various cancer types, but can also be
 limited to certain genetic sub-populations in many instances. 

Immunotherapy:
 There is a long history of attempts to develop therapeutic cancer vaccines to stimulate the body s own immune system to attack
 cancer cells. While these products generally do not have the poor safety profile of standard therapeutic approaches, only a small
 number of them are FDA-approved and available compared to the number of patients diagnosed with cancer. Furthermore, only a relatively
 small number of the patient population is eligible to receive and subsequently respond to treatment, as defined by preventing tumor
 growth. 

PRP
Development Strategy 

Our
goal is to foster early-stage clinical development of PRP to bring it to a significant value inflection point, where the commercial attractiveness
of the drug in development, together with a greater likelihood of achieving market authorization, may attract potential interest from
licensees seeking to acquire new products. Such value inflection points in the context of cancer drugs are typically at the point where
formal, controlled clinical trials have demonstrated either efficacy or proof of concept typically
meaning that there is controlled clinical trial evidence that the drug is effective in the proposed target patient population, has an
acceptable safety profile, and is suitable for further development. It is our intention to progress the development of our technology
through the completion of our planned Phase IIa clinical trials and then to seek a licensee for further development beyond that point. 

As
part of that commercial strategy, we intend to: 

continue
 research and development to build our existing intellectual property portfolio, and to seek new, patentable discoveries; 

seek
 to ensure all product development is undertaken in a manner that makes its products approvable in the major pharmaceutical markets,
 including the U.S., Europe, the UK, Australia and Japan; 

aggressively
 pursue the protection of our technology through all means possible, including patents in all major jurisdictions, and potentially
 trade secrets; and 

make
 strategic acquisitions to acquire new companies that have intellectual property or products that complement our future goals. 

PRP
Development Plan and Milestones 

We
plan to progress PRP using a conventional early-stage clinical development pathway, which entails: 

obtaining
 regulatory and/or ethics approval to conduct a Phase Ib study; and 

conducting
 Phase IIa multiple escalating dose studies to investigate the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of PRP administered intravenously
 to patients. 

Preclinical
development of PRP has been completed, including pharmacology and safety toxicology studies, process development activities and bioanalytical
method development. The full-scale good manufacturing practice GMP finished product manufacture of PRP will be completed
in preparation for the FIH Phase Ib study. Validation of the bioanalytical method will also be completed prior to lodging our first CTA,
which we plan to undertake at the Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia s largest cancer hospital. We
are collaborating with CROs, manufacturing partners and consultants to complete activities prior to preparing the CTA for the Phase Ib
study. 

11 

We
have received expressions of interest to evaluate proenzyme therapy as a method to prevent recurrence and metastasis of solid tumors
in pancreatic and ovarian cancers. The letters of interest were confirmed by medical oncologists specializing in pancreatic and ovarian
cancers, from the University Hospital of Ja n, in Granada, Spain. We believe that the evaluation will most likely be conducted
as separate Phase IIa proof of concept, multi-trial center studies for each target indication. The expressions of interest were confirmed
after their evaluation of our scientific literature supporting the use of proenzymes in pancreatic and ovarian cancers. The Phase Iia
proof of concept studies will be conducted after the Phase Ib dose escalation study investigating the tolerability and activity of proenzyme
therapy in patients with advanced solid tumors is completed at the Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre. 

In
Australia, we receive an up to 43.5 cash-back benefit in the form of a refund of our qualified research and, development
costs and expenses. We received a refund of 192,872 AUD 129,841) and 75,800 AUD 54,977
 USD) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We are continuing to evaluate all options to conduct our planned
clinical trials in the most cost-efficient manner, while striving to minimize dilution to our stockholders. 

We
anticipate reaching the Phase Iia proof of concept milestone in approximately three to four years, subject to regulatory approval in
US, Europe and Australia, and the results from our R D and licensing activities. 

Our
overhead and expenses are likely to increase from its current level as PRP progresses down the development pathway. This increase will
be driven by the need to increase our internal resources in order to effectively manage our research and development activities. 

Anticipated
timeline 

In
fourth calendar quarter of 2023, we anticipate the submission of the CTA for PRP. We anticipate receiving approval of the CTA in the
second half of the 2023 calendar year. Following the CTA, we plan to commence our study preparation process, including CRO Selection
and Contracts, Analytical Lab Selection Contracts and Trial Sites Selection and Contracts. In connection with the CTA, this product will
be part of our Investigation Medicinal Product Dossier, study protocol and Investigator s Brochure. In the second half of the 2023
calendar year, we hope to complete the study preparation process together with the Preparation of Logistics and Trial Sites Initiation
Visits and complete our CTA review. Commencing in the first half of the 2024 calendar year, we intend to initiate a Phase Ib study in
advanced cancer patients with solid tumors and we anticipate costs to be approximately 6.5 million. We will need to raise additional
financing to fund our planned Phase I, II and III clinical trials and for working capital. 

Research
 Activity 
 
 Timeline 
 
 CTA 
 
 August
 2023 February 2024 
 
 Investigational
 Medicinal Product Dossier 

Phase
 Ib Clinical Study Protocol 

Investigator s
 Brochure 

CTA
 Compilation 
 
 December
 2023 February 2024 
 
 CTA
 Submission 
 
 February
 2024 
 
 CTA
 Approval 
 
 March
 2024 
 
 CTA
 Review 
 
 March
 2023 April 2024 
 
 Contract
 Research Organization and Contracts 
 
 October
 2023 February 2024 
 
 Analytical
 Laboratory Selection and Contracts 

Trial
 Site Selection and Contracts 

Preparation
 of Logistics 
 
 February
 2024 June 2024 
 
 Trial
 Site Initiation Visits 

First
 Patient/First Visit 
 
 June
 2024 

12 

Pop1
Joint Research And Drug Discovery Program 

The
POP1 Program has been established with our collaborators at the universities of Ja n and Granada to investigate the changes in
genetic and protein expression that occur in cancer cells as a consequence of being exposed to our proenzyme formulation. The objective
of this work is to understand at the molecular level the targets of our proenzyme formulation, thereby providing the opportunity for
new, patentable drugs which can be developed further. We plan to commence a targeted drug discovery program utilizing the identified
molecular target to search for novel anticancer agents. 

The
POP1 Program has produced synthetic recombinant versions of the two proenzymes, trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen. Our joint scientific
researchers are developing a novel expression system and are also in the process of optimizing conditions to achieve high titers of recombinant
trypsinogen and chymotrypsinogen. Further, the anticancer effects of the synthetic versions will be tested against the naturally derived
proenzymes from bovine origin. 

Financial
Objectives 

Multiple
factors, many of which are outside of our control, can impact our ability to achieve our target objectives within the planned time and
budgetary constraints. Subject to these caveats, our objective is to complete our planned Phase IIa study for PRP within the proposed
timeline. 

We
primarily outsource services, skills and expertise to third parties as required to achieve our scientific and corporate objectives. As
the business grows and gains more personnel, outsourcing will continue to be the preferred model, where fixed and variable costs are
carefully managed on a project-by-project basis. This means our R D activities are carried out by third parties. Additional third
parties with specific expertise in research, compound screening and manufacturing (including raw material suppliers) have been contracted
as required. 

Corporate
Strategy 

Our
initial focus is to organize, coordinate and finance the various parts of our drug development pipeline. We intend to carefully introduce
new personnel into our Company over time as our R D activities expand. We plan for such personnel to have specific expertise in product
development, manufacture and formulation, regulatory affairs, toxicology, clinical operations and business development (including intellectual
property management, licensing and other corporate activities). Additional clinical management and development expertise will likely
be required at the outset to assist with the development of PRP. Therefore, we anticipate hiring additional employees in order to effectively
manage our contractors as our development activities progress. 

This
outsourcing strategy is common in the biotechnology sector and is an efficient way to obtain access to the necessary skills required
to progress a project, in particular as the required skills change as the project progresses from discovery, through manufacturing and
non-clinical development and into clinical trials. We anticipate that we will continue to use this model, thereby retaining the flexibility
to contract in the appropriate resource as and when required. 

We
intend to seek and identify potential licensing partners for our product candidates as they progress through the various development
stages, reaching certain milestones and value inflection points. If a suitable licensee is identified, a potential licensing deal could
consist of payments for certain milestones, plus royalties from future sales if the product is able to receive approval from the relevant
regulatory authorities where future product sales are targeted. We intend to seek and identify potential licensees based on the initial
efficacy data from Phase II clinical trials. To accomplish this objective, we have commenced discussions with potential partners in our
current preclinical phase of development. 

13 

As
part of our overall expansion strategy, from time to time, we investigate potential intellectual property acquisition opportunities to
expand our product portfolio. While our initial focus is on the development of PRP as our lead product candidate, other potential product
candidates may also be considered for future preclinical and clinical development. These potential opportunities have arisen from other
research and development organizations, which either own existing intellectual property or are currently developing new intellectual
property, which may be of interest to us. These opportunities are possible new cancer treatments that are potentially less toxic than
existing treatment approaches and are able to fill an existing gap in the treatment process, such as a systemic de-bulking method which
could reduce the size and threat of metastases to a more manageable level for late-stage cancer patients. 

We
believe these potential treatment approaches will be complementary to existing treatment regimens and PRP. No formal approaches regarding
such other products have currently been made and it is unknown whether we will engage in any such discussion in the near future. However,
as we further develop PRP within the development pathway, we intend to assess future opportunities that may arise to use the expertise
of our management and scientific personnel for future prospective R D projects. 

Current
Operations 

We
are at a pre-revenue stage. We do not know when, if ever, we will be able to commercialize any of our products and to begin to generate
revenue. We are focusing our efforts on organizing, coordinating and financing the various aspects of our drug R D program described
herein. In order to commercialize any of our products, we must complete preclinical development, Phase Ib, IIa and IIb clinical trials
in Europe, the U.S., UK, Australia or elsewhere, and satisfy the applicable regulatory authority that PRP is safe and effective. If the
results from Phase II trials are convincing, we will seek conditional approval from the applicable regulatory authorities sooner. From
the time we commence clinical trials for any product, we estimate it will take approximately three to four years if we seek conditional
approval upon completion of Phase II trials. When we advance our development projects sufficiently down the development pathway and achieve
a major increase in value, such as obtaining interim efficacy data from Phase II clinical trials, we will seek a suitable licensing partner
to complete the remaining development activities, obtain regulatory approval and market the product. 

Market
Opportunity 

The
global metastatic cancer treatment market is predicted to reach 111 billion by 2027, according to a January 2022 report by Emergen Research.
Demand for new cancer products can largely be attributed to a combination of a rapidly aging population in western countries and changing
environmental factors, which together are resulting in rising cancer incidence rates. Worldwide, the World Health Organization estimated
19.3 million new cancer cases and almost 10 million cancer deaths occurred in 2020. As such, global demand for new cancer treatments
which are effective, safe and easy to administer is rapidly increasing. Our treatment will potentially target many aggressive tumor types
for which little or few treatment options exist. 

We
plan to target patients with solid tumors, most likely pancreatic and ovarian tumors, for whom other treatment options have been exhausted.
Globally these cancers resulted in over 673,255 deaths combined in 2020, according to the World Health Organization. With such a high
mortality rate, a substantial unmet medical need exists for new treatments. Once the efficacy and safety of PRP has been demonstrated
in late-stage patient populations, we plan to undertake exploration of the utility of the drug in earlier stage disease, together with
investigation of the drug s utility in other types of cancer. 

14 

Anticipated
Market Potential 

It
is difficult to estimate the size of the market opportunity for this specific type of product as a clinically proven, pro-enzyme formulated
suppository marketed to oncologists across global territories for specific cancer indications, to the best of management s knowledge,
has not been previously available. However, the markets for potential market for pancreatic and ovarian cancers may be characterized
as follows: 

The
 world market for pancreatic cancer drugs is projected to grow to 6.93 billion by the year 2030, according to Brainy Insights. Major
 players operating in the pancreatic cancer therapy market include Eli Lilly and Company, Roche Holding AG, Celgene Corporation, Amgen
 Inc., Novartis AG, Pharmacyte Biotech Inc., Clovis Oncology, Inc., Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Pfizer Inc., Merck 
 Co., Inc., among others. For instance, in May 2018, Eli Lilly and Company acquired AMRO BioSciences, Inc., which is engaged into
 number of drugs for cancer. developments performed by the companies are helping the market to grow in the coming years. 

The
 global market for ovarian cancer drugs expected to reach 13.9 billion by 2029, according to iHealthcareAnalyst. This will be driven
 by continued uptake and expected launches of the approved PARP (poly adenosine diphosphate-ribose polymerase) inhibitors. Major competitors
 operating in the global ovarian cancer treatment market include AbbVie Inc., AstraZeneca PLC (Acerta Pharma), Boehringer Ingelheim
 International GmbH, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., GSK plc (formerly, GlaxoSmithKline plc (Tesaro)), Gradalis, Inc., Incyte Corporation,
 MacroGenics, Inc., Oncotelic Therapeutics, Inc. (formerly, Mateon Therapeutics, Inc.), Merck Co., Inc., Novartis AG, Kazia
 Therapeutics Limited (formerly, Novogen Limited), Vivesto AB (formerly, Oasmia Pharmaceutical AB), Pfizer Inc., Pharma Mar S.A.,
 and Roche Holding AG. 

New
products can be defined as addition-in-class, advance-in-class, or first-in-class, depending on their degree of innovation. Addition-in-class
products, defined as new APIs with established mechanisms of action, are often clinically important and highly commercially successful.
Advance-in-class product innovation, defined as significantly differentiated and innovative new APIs, albeit with established mechanisms
of action, remains a highly attractive strategy. However, first-in-class innovation, defined as products with a molecular target and/or
mechanism of action not found in any approved products globally, remains the key product development strategy in terms of providing the
greatest degree of differentiation, extending to a first-mover advantage and potentially the capture of significant market share. 

Based
on the current situation for these two markets, we believe there is an attractive opportunity in both the pancreatic and ovarian cancer
market sectors for the introduction of PRP as a first-in-class, clinically proven product which can achieve new benefits for patients
in terms of survival and quality of life. The current concentration of products suggests oncologists may be willing to try newly approved
products, particularly if they can exhibit a favorable safety profile, although substantive R D activities will be necessary to both
obtain regulatory approval, and to generate the clinical safety and efficacy data needed to convince clinicians to use a new product. 

License
Agreements 

University
of Bath Commercialization Agreement 

We
previously sponsored a collaborative research project at the University of Bath to investigate the cellular and molecular mechanisms
underlying the potential clinical approach of our proprietary proenzyme formulation. As a result of this undertaking, we entered into
a Commercialization Agreement with the University of Bath, dated November 12, 2009 (the Commercialization Agreement ), where,
initially, we held an exclusive license with the University of Bath, and where we and University of Bath co-owned the intellectual property
relating to our proenzyme formulations. The Commercialization Agreement originally provided for University of Bath to assign the Patents
(as defined therein) to Propanc in certain specified circumstances, such as successful completion of a clinical trial and commencement
of a Phase II (proof of concept) clinical trial. 

15 

On
June 14, 2012, we and the University of Bath agreed to an earlier assignment to us of the patents pursuant to an Assignment and Amendment
Deed, on the provision that the University of Bath retains certain rights arising from the Commercialization Agreement, as follows: 

The
 University of Bath reserves for itself (and its employees and students and permitted academic sub-licensees with respect to research
 use) the non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty free right to use the patents for research use; 

The
 publication rights of the University of Bath specified in the contract relating to the original research made between the parties
 with an effective date of July 18, 2008 will continue in force; 

We
 agreed to pay to the University of Bath a royalty of two percent of any and all net revenues; 

We
 agreed to use all reasonable endeavors to develop and commercially exploit the patents for the mutual benefit of us and the University
 of Bath to the maximum extent throughout the covered territory and in any additional territory and to obtain, maintain and/or renew
 any licenses or authorizations that are necessary to enable such development and commercial exploitation. Without prejudice to the
 generality of the foregoing, we agreed to comply with all relevant regulatory requirements in respect of our sponsoring and/or performing
 clinical trials in humans involving the administration of a product or materials within a claim of the patents; and 

We
 agreed to take out with a reputable insurance company and maintain liability insurance coverage prior to the first human trials. 

In
consideration of such assignment, we agreed to pay royalties of two percent of net revenues to the University of Bath. Additionally,
we agreed to pay five percent of each and every license agreement subscribed for. The contract is cancellable at any time by either party.
To date, no amounts are owed under the agreement. 

University
of Ja n Collaboration Agreement 

We
have established a collaboration with the University of Ja n to carry out a research project aimed at the synthetic development
of PRP and its subsequent validation. The University of Ja n is providing scientific research activities the Department of Health
Sciences, which provides the necessary technical and human resources in order to carry out the programmed works. A Collaboration Agreement
(the Collaboration Agreement ), dated October 1, 2020, was entered into with the main objective for the synthetic development
of PRP and its subsequent validation. Pursuant to the Collaboration Agreement, a pre-clinical protocol of safety evaluation was established
relating to the antitumor efficacy on cancer stem cells and in orthotopic xenotransplantations derived from cancer stem cells isolated
from tumor cell lines, and newly developed synthetic formulation based on the two pancreatic zymogens. 

The
ownership of potential intellectual property rights that may arise as a result of the knowledge obtained through such research project
will belong to us. In consideration for payment of the compensation, the University of Ja n assigned and agreed to do all things
reasonably required to assign to the contracting entity all industrial property rights arising from such research project. 

In
return for ownership of the industrial property rights arising from such research project, we agreed to pay the University of Ja n
two percent of the net sales of any products sold by the contracting entity which fall within the scope of the protection of such industrial
property rights. 

A
second collaborative research project commenced on July 27, 2022, with the universities of Ja n and Granada investigating
the effect of pancreatic proenzymes against the tumor microenvironment and premetastatic niche. The specific tasks developed under this
collaboration focuses on the effects of PRP on cancer associated fibroblasts within the tumor microenvironment. Consistent with existing
rights, Propanc will own any intellectual property developed. The personnel of the investigation team of the universities of Ja n
and Granada whose work has contributed to the creation of knowledge that give rise to industrial property rights should be listed as
inventors. Further, Professor Macarena Per n from the University of Ja n and Professor Marchal from the University of Granada
will receive one percent of the net revenue to us from sales of any products sold by us, or on our behalf, which fall within the scope
of protection of such industrial property rights. The commencement date for the experiments was September 1, 2022, and the estimated
length of time for completion is 24 months. 

Future
Agreements 

We
continue to learn the properties of proenzymes with the long-term aim of screening new compounds for development. We anticipate engaging
in future discussions with several technology companies who are progressing new developments in the oncology field as potential additions
to our product line. Initially targeting the oncology sector, our focus is to identify and develop novel treatments that are highly effective
targeted therapies, with few side effects as a result of toxicity to healthy cells. 

16 

Intellectual
Property 

The
Company has filed multiple patent applications relating to PRP. The Company s lead patent application has been granted and remains
in force in the U.S., Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Liechtenstein, Turkey, the UK, Australia, China, Japan, Indonesia, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, Malaysia, South Africa, Mexico, the
Republic of Korea, India, Brazil and Canada. 

In
2016 and early 2017, we filed three applications under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (the PCT ). The PCT assists applicants
in seeking patent protection by filing one international patent application under the PCT; thus, applicants can simultaneously seek protection
for an invention in over 150 countries. Once filed, the application is placed under the control of the national or regional patent offices,
as applicable, in what is called the national phase. One of the PCT applications filed in November 2016 entered national phase in July
2018 and another PCT application entered national phase in August 2018. A third PCT application entered national phase in October 2018. 

As
of September 27, 2023, we have 62 granted, allowed, or accepted patents and 14 patent applications filed, or under examination in key
global jurisdictions, relating to the use of proenzymes against solid tumors, covering PRP. 

Further
patent applications are expected to be filed to capture and protect additional patentable subject matter based on the Company s
field of technology relating to pharmaceutical compositions of proenzymes for treating cancer. 

Regulatory
Matters 

United
States 

Government
oversight of the pharmaceutical industry is usually classified into pre-approval and post-approval categories. Most of the therapeutically
significant innovative products marketed today are the subject of New Drug Applications NDA ). Preapproval activities,
based on these detailed applications, are used to assure the product is safe and effective before marketing. In the United States, The
Center for Drug Evaluation and Research CDER ), is the FDA organization responsible for over-the-counter and prescription
drugs, including most biological therapeutics, and generic drugs. 

Before
approval, the FDA may inspect and audit the development facilities, planned production facilities, clinical trials, institutional review
boards and laboratory facilities in which the product was tested in animals. After the product is approved and marketed, the FDA uses
different mechanisms for assuring that firms adhere to the terms and conditions of approval described in the application and that the
product is manufactured in a consistent and controlled manner. This is done by periodic unannounced inspections of production and quality
control facilities by FDA s field investigators and analysts. 

Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and Public Health Service Act 

Prescription
drug and biologic products are subject to extensive pre- and post-market regulation by the FDA, including regulations that govern the
testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labelling, storage, record keeping, advertising and promotion of such products under the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the Public Health Service Act, and their implementing regulations. The process of obtaining FDA approval
and achieving and maintaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial
resources. Failure to comply with applicable FDA or other requirements may result in refusal to approve pending applications, a clinical
hold, warning letters, civil or criminal penalties, recall or seizure of products, partial or total suspension of production or withdrawal
of the product from the market. FDA approval is required before any new drug or biologic, including a new use of a previously approved
drug, can be marketed in the United States. All applications for FDA approval must contain, among other things, information relating
to safety and efficacy, stability, manufacturing, processing, packaging, labelling and quality control. 

17 

New
Drug Applications NDAs 

The
FDA s NDA approval process generally involves: 

completion
 of preclinical laboratory and animal testing in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice, or GLP, regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an investigational new drug IND application for human clinical testing, which must become effective
 before human clinical trials may begin in the United States; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, purity and potency of the proposed product for each
 intended use; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the facility or facilities at which the product is manufactured to assess compliance
 with the FDA s current good manufacturing practice CGMP regulations; and 

submission
 to and approval by the FDA of an NDA. 

The
preclinical and clinical testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot guarantee
that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation
of toxicity and immunogenicity in animals. The results of preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information and analytical data,
are submitted as part of an IND application to the FDA. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless
the FDA raises concerns or questions about the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects will be
exposed to unreasonable health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before clinical
trials can begin. Our submission of an IND may not result in FDA authorization to commence clinical trials. A separate submission to
an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. Further, an independent institutional
review board IRB covering each medical center proposing to conduct clinical trials must review and approve the plan for
any clinical trial before it commences at that center and it must monitor the study until completed. The FDA, the IRB or the sponsor
may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an
unacceptable health risk. Clinical testing also must satisfy extensive good clinical practice GCP regulations,
which include requirements that all research subjects provide informed consent and that all clinical studies be conducted under the supervision
of one or more qualified investigators. 

For
purposes of an NDA submission and approval, human clinical trials are typically conducted in the following sequential phases, which may
overlap: 

Phase
 I: Initially conducted in a limited population to test the product candidate for safety and dose tolerance; 

Phase
 II: Generally conducted in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to determine the initial
 efficacy of the product for specific targeted indications and to determine optimal dosage. A Phase IIa trial is a non-pivotal, exploratory
 study that assesses biological activity as its primary endpoint. A Phase IIb trial is designed as a definite dose finding study with
 efficacy as the primary endpoint. Multiple Phase II clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to
 beginning larger and more extensive Phase III clinical trials; 

Phase
 III: Commonly referred to as pivotal studies. When Phase II evaluations demonstrate that a dose range of the product is effective
 and has an acceptable safety profile, Phase III clinical trials are undertaken in large patient populations to further evaluate dosage,
 to provide substantial evidence of clinical efficacy and to further test for safety in an expanded and diverse patient population
 at multiple, geographically-dispersed clinical trial sites. Generally, replicate evidence of safety and effectiveness needs to be
 demonstrated in two adequate and well-controlled Phase III clinical trials of a product candidate for a specific indication. These
 studies are intended to establish the overall risk/benefit ratio of the product and provide adequate basis for product labelling;
 and 

Phase
 IV: In some cases, the FDA may condition approval of an NDA on the sponsor s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials
 to further assess the product s safety, purity and potency after NDA approval. Such post-approval trials are typically referred
 to as Phase IV clinical trials. 

18 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical studies must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and safety reports must be submitted
to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events. Concurrent with clinical studies, sponsors usually complete
additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the product and finalize a process for manufacturing the
product in commercial quantities in accordance with CGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing
quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength,
quality and purity of the final product. Moreover, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted
to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

The
results of product development, preclinical studies and clinical trials, along with the aforementioned manufacturing information, are
submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA. NDAs must also contain extensive manufacturing information. Under the Prescription Drug User
Fee Act, the FDA agrees to specific goals for NDA review time through a two-tiered classification system, Standard Review and Priority
Review. Standard Review is applied to products that offer at most, only minor improvement over existing marketed therapies. Standard
Review NDAs have a goal of being completed within a ten-month timeframe, although a review can take significantly longer. A Priority
Review designation is given to products that offer major advances in treatment, or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy exists.
A Priority Review takes the FDA six months to review an NDA. It is likely that our product candidates will be granted Standard Reviews.
The review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. The FDA may refer the
application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The
FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. 

The
FDA may deny approval of an NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied, or it may require additional clinical data or
additional pivotal Phase III clinical trials. Even if such data is submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy
the criteria for approval. Data from clinical trials is not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we do.
Once issued, product approval may be withdrawn by the FDA if ongoing regulatory requirements are not met or if safety problems occur
after the product reaches the market. In addition, the FDA may require testing, including Phase IV clinical trials, risk evaluation and
mitigation strategies, and surveillance programs to monitor the effect of approved products that have been commercialized, and the FDA
has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing programs. Products may
be marketed only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Further, if there are any
modifications to the drug, including changes in indications, labelling or manufacturing processes or facilities, approval of a new or
supplemental NDA may be required, which may involve conducting additional preclinical studies and clinical trials. 

Other
U.S. Regulatory Requirements 

After
approval, products are subject to extensive continuing regulation by the FDA, which include company obligations to manufacture products
in accordance with GMP, maintain and provide to the FDA updated safety and efficacy information, report adverse experiences with the
product, keep certain records, submit periodic reports, obtain FDA approval of certain manufacturing or labeling changes and comply with
FDA promotion and advertising requirements and restrictions. Failure to meet these obligations can result in various adverse consequences,
both voluntary and FDA-imposed, including product recalls, withdrawal of approval, restrictions on marketing and the imposition of civil
fines and criminal penalties. In addition, later discovery of previously unknown safety or efficacy issues may result in restrictions
on the product, manufacturer or NDA holder. 

Propanc,
and any manufacturers of our products, are required to comply with applicable FDA manufacturing requirements contained in the FDA s
GMP regulations. GMP regulations require, among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance
of records and documentation. The manufacturing facilities for our products must meet GMP requirements to the satisfaction of the FDA
pursuant to a pre-approval inspection before Propanc can use them to manufacture products. Propanc and any third-party manufacturers
are also subject to periodic inspections of facilities by the FDA and other authorities, including procedures and operations used in
the testing and manufacture of our products to assess our compliance with applicable regulations. 

19 

With
respect to post-market product advertising and promotion, the FDA imposes complex regulations on entities that advertise and promote
pharmaceuticals, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, promoting products for uses or in patient
populations that are not described in the product s approved labeling (known as off-label use ), industry-sponsored
scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. Failure to comply with FDA requirements can
have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, enforcement letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications
with doctors and civil or criminal penalties. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, manufacturers
may not market or promote such off-label uses. 

Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes
or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement
for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures
and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing an NDA. 

Adverse
event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-marketing
testing, known as Phase IV testing, risk mitigation strategies and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product or to place
conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

In
June 2017, we were notified by the FDA that PRP had been granted orphan drug designation for the treatment of pancreatic cancer. Orphan
drug designation may be granted by the FDA when a rare disease or condition is implicated and a potential treatment qualifies under the
Orphan Drug Act and applicable FDA regulations. This qualifies us for various developmental incentives, including protocol assistance,
the potential for research grants, the waiver of future application fees, and tax credits for clinical testing if we choose to host future
clinical trials in the United States. 

In
October 2017, we submitted a request for a second orphan drug designation for PRP, this time for ovarian cancer. 

On
November 2, 2017, we were notified by the FDA that our request was not granted. The Office of Orphan Products Development OOPD stated that complete prevalence is used as a measure of disease in ovarian cancer, as this reflects the number of women who have been
diagnosed with disease and may be eligible for treatment with the proposed therapy. Therefore, on the date of the submission of our application,
the OOPD estimated that the prevalence of ovarian cancer was 228,110 cases. Since the prevalence exceeds the threshold of 200,000 to
qualify for orphan drug designation, they could not grant our request. We may consider resubmitting our application if we can identify
a suitable sub-population in ovarian cancer, which may meet the target threshold. 

European
Union 

In
addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials, commercial
sales and distribution of our products if we conduct trials for, and market and sell our products, abroad. Whether or not we obtain FDA
approval for a product, we must obtain approval of a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we
can commence clinical trials or market our product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and the time
may differ than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing
and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Despite these differences, the clinical trials will be conducted according to
international standards, such as GCP, GMP and GLP, which is recognized by each foreign country under the International Conference of
Harmonization Guidelines. We plan to conduct our trials in each foreign jurisdiction according to these standards, undertaking a FIH
Phase Ib study in patients with advanced solid tumors, evaluating the safety, pharmacokinetics, and anti-tumor efficacy of PRP. This
will be followed by two Phase II studies evaluating the efficacy and safety of PRP. To ensure harmonization between the jurisdictions,
we intend to conduct regulatory meetings in the country in which trials are conducted, as well as with the FDA and the EMA. A pre-IND
meeting will be held with the FDA once initial patient data has been collected from the FIH study to ensure acceptability of future planned
Phase II trials. 

Under
European Union regulatory systems, we must submit and obtain authorization for a CTA in each member state in which we intend to conduct
a clinical trial. After we have completed clinical trials, we must obtain marketing authorization before we can market its product. We
must submit applications for marketing authorizations for oncology products under a centralized procedure. The centralized procedure
provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union member states. The EMA is the agency
responsible for the scientific evaluation of medicines that are to be assessed via the centralized procedure. 

20 

On
June 23, 2016, the UK government held a referendum to gauge voters support to remain or leave the European Union. The referendum
resulted in 51.9 of UK voters in favor of leaving the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit. On March 29, 2017,
the UK invoked Article 50 of Lisbon Treaty to initiate complete withdrawal from the European Union, which was effectuated on January
31, 2020. The center for the EMA was based in London, but the European Union has relocated the center to The Netherlands. 

Australia 

In
Australia, the relevant regulatory body responsible for the pharmaceutical industry is the Therapeutics Goods Administration (the TGA ).
Prescription medicines are regulated under the Therapeutic Goods Act 1989. Under the Therapeutic Goods Act, the TGA evaluates new products
for quality, safety and efficacy before being approved for market authorization, according to similar standards employed by the FDA and
EMA in the United States and European Union, respectively. However, receiving market authorization in one or two regions does not guarantee
approval in another. 

Third-Party
Payor Coverage and Reimbursement 

Although
none of our product candidates has been commercialized for any indication, if they are approved for marketing, commercial success of
our product candidates will depend, in part, upon the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors at the federal,
state and private levels. In addition, in many countries outside the United States, a drug must be approved for reimbursement before
it can be approved for sale in that country. 

Eligibility
for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research,
development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim reimbursement levels for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient
to cover costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting
in which it is used, may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs and may be incorporated into existing payments
for other services. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs
or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold
at lower prices than in the United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting
their own reimbursement policies. 

In
many countries outside the United States, a drug must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that country.
Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one foreign
regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. The foreign regulatory
approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals
on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize
our products in any foreign market. 

The
regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. In
the United States, recently passed legislation may significantly change the approval requirements in ways that could involve additional
costs and cause delays in obtaining approvals. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed.
In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets,
prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. 

Government
authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they
will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and elsewhere is cost containment. Government
authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular
medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices
and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. 

21 

Other
Regulations 

We
are also subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws relating to such matters as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices,
environmental protection, fire hazard control, and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We may incur significant
costs to comply with such laws and regulations now or in the future. 

Competition 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by continuing technological advancement and significant competition. While
we believe that our technology platforms, product candidates, know-how, experience and scientific resources provide us with competitive
advantages, we face competition from major pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and
public and private research institutions, among others. Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete
with existing therapies and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key product features that would affect our ability
to effectively compete with other therapeutics include the efficacy, safety and convenience of our products. The level of generic competition
and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payers will also significantly impact the pricing and competitiveness
of our products. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain
approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. 

Many
of our competitors have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in R D, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Smaller or early-stage companies may also
prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors
also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites
and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

Employees 

As
of September 27, 2023, we have one full-time and one part-time employee. In addition to our employees, we engage key consultants and
utilize the services of independent contractors to perform various services on our behalf. Some of our executive officers and directors
are engaged in outside business activities that we do not believe conflict with our business. Over time, we may be required to hire additional
employees or engage independent contractors to execute various projects that are necessary to grow and develop our business. These decisions
will be made by our officers and directors, if and when appropriate. 

Corporate
Information 

Propanc
is based in Camberwell, Victoria, Australia. Since its inception, substantially all of the operations of the Company have been focused
on the development of new cancer treatments targeting high-risk patients, particularly cancer survivors, who need a follow-up, non-toxic,
long-term therapy designed to prevent the cancer from returning and spreading. The Company anticipates establishing global markets for
its technologies. PRP is an enhanced pro-enzyme formulation designed to enhance the anti-cancer effects of multiple enzymes acting synergistically.
It is currently in the preclinical phase of development. 

The
Company was originally formed in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia on October 15, 2007 as Propanc PTY LTD. On November 23, 2010, Propanc
Health Group Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware, and in January 2011, to reorganize the Company, all of the outstanding
shares of Propanc PTY LTD were acquired on a one-for-one basis by Propanc Health Group Corporation, with Propanc PTY LTD becoming a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

On
July 22, 2016, the Company formed another wholly-owned subsidiary, Propanc (UK) Limited under the laws of England and Wales for the purpose
of submitting an orphan drug application to the European Medicines Agency (the EMA as a small and medium-sized enterprise.
As of the date of this prospectus, there has been no activity within this entity. 

22 

Effective
April 20, 2017, the Company changed its name to Propanc Biopharma, Inc. to reflect the Company s stage of operations
and development better. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 302, 6 Butler Street, Camberwell, VIC, 3124 Australia. Our telephone number is 61 03 9882 0780.
Our website is www.propanc.com. 

Available
Information 

Copies
of our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other documents that we will file
with or furnish to the SEC will be available free of charge by sending a written request to our Corporate Secretary at our corporate
headquarters. Our filings with the SEC are available to the public through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

We
maintain a corporate website at www.propanc.com. You will be able to access our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, proxy statements and other information to be filed or furnished pursuant
to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act with the SEC free of charge at our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such
material will be electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained in, or that can be accessed through,
our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

We
are not required to provide this information as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 302, 6 Butler Street, Camberwell, VIC, 3124 Australia, which we lease from Horizon Pty Ltd.,
a related party, of which Mr. Nathanielsz, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a director, and his wife are owners
and directors. On May 4, 2022, the Company entered into a three-year lease agreement with North Horizon Pty Ltd. for a monthly rent of
 3,000 AUD or 2,176 USD (depending on exchange rate) per month plus taxes. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. There is no action, suit, or proceeding by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or
body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or our subsidiary, threatened against or affecting our Company,
our Common Stock, our subsidiary or of our companies or our subsidiary s officers or directors in their capacities as such, in
which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

IRS
Liability 

As
part of its requirement for having a foreign operating subsidiary, the Company s parent U.S. entity is required to file an informational
Form 5471 to the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS ), which is a form that explains the nature of the relationship between
the foreign subsidiary and the parent company. From 2012 through the 2014, the Company did not file this form in a timely manner. As
a result of the non-timely filings, the Company incurred a penalty from the IRS in the amount of 10,000 per year, or 30,000 in total,
plus accrued interest, such penalty and interest having been accrued and is included in the accrued expenses and other payable figure
in the June 30, 2023 and 2022 consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded the penalties for all three years during the year ended
June 30, 2018. The Company is current on all subsequent filings. 

23 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock is quoted under the ticker symbol PPCB on the OTC Pink. 

On
September 27, 2023, the last reported sales price per share of our Common Stock on the OTC Pink was 0.0248. 

Security
Holders 

As
of September 27, 2023 we had 79 record holders of our Common Stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends to our stockholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our Board
and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, and general economic conditions. It is our present
intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Shares
issued for services 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company issued 12,271 shares of Common Stock to a consultant for services rendered from April 2022 to June 2022, valued
at approximately 3.70 per share or 45,403, the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance to such consultant. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company issued 6,111 shares of Common Stock to a consultant for services rendered in October 2022, valued on the
trading price of the Common Stock on the date of such issuance at 0.90 per share, or 5,500. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company issued 73,301 shares of Common Stock to a consultant for services rendered from July 2022 to November
2022, valued at approximately 0.70 per share or 51,311, the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance to such consultant. 

On
July 10, 2023, the Company issued 608,423 shares of Common Stock to a consultant for services rendered from November 2022 to June 2023,
valued at approximately 0.135 per share or 82,137, the closing price of the Common Stock on the date of issuance to such consultant. 

Issuance
of Shares of Common Stock upon Conversion 

From
July 1, 2022 through September 14, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 264,493 shares of Common Stock at an average conversion price
of 1.00 per share as a result of the conversion of principal of 327,200 and accrued interest of 22,330 underlying certain outstanding
convertible notes converted during such period. 

24 

From
October 17, 2022 through December 27, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 380,506 shares of Common Stock at an average conversion
price of 1.00 per share as a result of the conversion of principal of 158,500 and accrued interest of 7,191 underlying certain outstanding
convertible notes converted during such period. 

From
January 5, 2023 through March 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 1,375,598 shares of Common Stock at an average conversion
price of 0.20 per share as a result of the conversion of principal of 290,000 and accrued interest of 17,985 underlying certain outstanding
convertible notes converted during such period. 

From
April 13, 2023 through June 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 3,847,814 shares of Common Stock at an average conversion price
of 0.05 per share as a result of the conversion of principal of 159,999, accrued interest of 33,079 and conversion fees of 1,838
underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 

From
July 1, 2023 through September 18, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 4,898,307 shares of Common Stock at an average conversion
price of 0.02 per share as a result of the conversion of principal of 98,954, accrued interest of 7,071 and conversion fees of 1,277
underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. 

Shares
issued under the Equity Line 

On
July 13, 2022, the Company issued 14,337 shares of Common Stock at an average price per share of approximately 2.00, as a result of
delivering a drawdown notice to an investor pursuant to an equity line of credit agreement and received gross aggregate proceeds of 24,711
from such drawdown notice. 

Between
April 5, 2022 and June 30, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 25,663 shares of Common Stock at an average price per share of approximately
 10.00, as a result of delivering four draw down notices to the Selling Stockholder. Consequently, the Company received gross aggregate
proceeds of 123,043. 

Other 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company and an institutional investor entered into a note purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Company issued
the institutional investor a 10 unsecured convertible promissory note, dated November 3, 2022, with an aggregate face value of 125,000,
the principal and interest of which is convertible into shares of Common Stock following an event of default under such note. The note
was issued with a 25,000 original issue discount and bears interest at a rate of 10 per annum, with 12,500 in guaranteed interest.
Additionally, pursuant to the purchase agreement and the note, the Company issued to the institutional investor, for no additional consideration,
an aggregate of 75,000 shares of Common Stock. 

On
June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, which closed on July 6, 2023, pursuant to which
the investor purchased a convertible promissory note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of 65,000, such principal and
the interest thereon convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the investor at any time after 180 days of the note. 

On
July 5, 2023, the Company issued an investor, in partial consideration for the purchase of a 153,256 note issued by the
Company, 15,000,000 warrants to purchase common stock immediately exercisable at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share
(subject to certain adjustments such as stock dividend, stock splits, subsequent right offering and pro-rata distribution) with an
expiry date of July 5, 2026. 

On
July 19, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, which closed on July 28, 2023, pursuant to
which the investor purchased a convertible promissory note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of 45,000, such principal
and the interest thereon convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of the investor at any time after 180 days of the note. 

25 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company issued to an institutional investor a 10 original issue discount promissory note in consideration for 120,000,
which has a principal face amount of 132,000, matures on November 15, 2023 and accrues interest at a rate of 10 per annum, which may
be increased to 18 in the event of a default. 

On
August 16, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, which closed on August 16, 2023, pursuant
to which the investor purchased a convertible promissory note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of 55,000, such principal
and the interest thereon convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of investor at any time after 180 days of the note. 

On
August 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, which closed on August 23, 2023, pursuant
to which the investor purchased a convertible redeemable promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of 77,500 from the Company
for 72,500, such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of investor at any time. 

Except
as otherwise noted, the securities in the transactions described above were sold in reliance on the exemption from registration provided
in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act for transactions not involving any public offering. Each of the persons acquiring the foregoing
securities was an accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D) and confirmed the foregoing and acknowledged, in writing,
that the securities must be acquired and held for investment. All certificates evidencing the shares sold bore a restrictive legend.
No underwriter participated in the offer and sale of these securities, and no commission or other remuneration was paid or given directly
or indirectly in connection therewith. The proceeds from these sales were used for general corporate purposes. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our business and results of operations in conjunction with the information set
forth in our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current
expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and
the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of
factors. See Forward-Looking Statements on page 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As used herein, references to
the Company, Propanc, we, our, and us refer to Propanc
Biopharma, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, unless otherwise indicated. 

U.S.
Dollars are denoted herein by USD, and dollars . 

Overview 

The
Company was originally formed in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia on October 15, 2007 as Propanc PTY LTD. On November 23, 2010, Propanc
Health Group Corporation was incorporated in the State of Delaware and in January 2011, to reorganize our Company, we acquired all of
the outstanding shares of Propanc PTY LTD on a one-for-one basis, whereby Propanc PTY LTD became our wholly-owned subsidiary. Effective
April 20, 2017, we changed our name to Propanc Biopharma, Inc. to better reflect our current stage of operations and development. 

We
are a development-stage healthcare company that is currently focused on developing new cancer treatments for patients suffering from
pancreatic, ovarian and colorectal cancer. Utilizing our scientific and oncology consultants, we have developed a rational, composite
formulation of anti-cancer compounds, which together exert a number of effects designed to control or prevent tumors from recurring and
spreading through the body. Our lead product candidate, PRP, is a variation upon our novel formulation and involves pro-enzymes, the
inactive precursors of enzymes. 

26 

Recent
Developments 

June
Purchase Agreement 

On
June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor (the June Investor ), which closed
on July 6, 2023, pursuant to which the June Investor purchased a convertible promissory note (the June Note from the Company
in the aggregate principal amount of 65,000, such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of Common Stock at the
option of June Investor at any time after 180 days of the June Note (the June Conversion Shares ). 

The
conversion price for the June Note is equal to 65 of the market price of the Common Stock, which is based on the average of the lowest
three trading prices of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a notice of conversion of the
June Note. Pursuant to the June Note, the Company is required to maintain an initial reserve of at least 500 of the number of June Conversion
Shares, subject to any increase of such reserved amount by the June Investor. 

The
maturity date of the June Note is June 29, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum, which may be increased to 22 in the event
of a default. Between the period beginning 60 days following the date of the June Note and 180 days thereafter, the Company has the right
to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the June Note at a 110 premium
plus accrued and unpaid interest , together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the June Investor under the terms of
the June Note, in accordance with its terms, which premium increases during such period, up to a maximum of 129 . For further information
on such purchase agreement and June Note, see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on July 12, 2023 and the
exhibits filed therewith. 

July
Loan Agreement 

On
July 5, 2023, the Company and the July Investor entered into a letter agreement, pursuant to which the July Investor loaned the Company
an aggregate of AU 230,000. Pursuant to the agreement, the term of such loan is three (3) years, ending on July 5, 2026, with an interest
rate of 10 to be paid monthly in arrears. A portion of the proceeds of such loan were used to repay an outstanding balance of approximately
 143,000 due on a convertible promissory note held by a third-party investor and which had been in default. In connection with such loan,
the Company issued a common stock purchase warrant to the July Investor immediately exercisable for up to an aggregate of 15,000,000
shares of Common Stock, at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share. For further information on such letter agreement and warrant,
see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on July 12, 2023 and the exhibits filed therewith. 

July
Purchase Agreement 

On
July 19, 2023, the Company entered into an additional securities purchase agreement with the June Investor, which closed on July 28,
2023, pursuant to which the June Investor purchased the July Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of 45,000, such
principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of Common Stock at the option of June Investor at any time after 180 days
of the July Note. 

The
conversion price for the July Note is equal to 65 of the market price of the Common Stock, which is based on the average of the lowest
three trading prices of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a notice of conversion of the
July Note. Pursuant to the July Note, the Company is required to maintain an initial reserve of at least 500 of the number of July Conversion
Shares, subject to any increase of such reserved amount by the June Investor. 

The
maturity date of the July Note is July 19, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum, which may be increased to 22 in the event
of a default. Between the period beginning 60 days following the date of the July Note and 180 days thereafter, the Company has the right
to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the July Note at a 110 premium plus accrued and unpaid interest, together
with any other amounts that the Company may owe the June Investor under the terms of the July Note, in accordance with its terms, which
premium increases during such period, up to a maximum of 129 . For further information on such purchase agreement and July Note, see
the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on August 8, 2023 and the exhibits filed therewith. 

27 

July
Equity Line Agreement 

On
July 20, 2023, we entered into the Stock Purchase Agreement with the Selling Stockholder providing for an equity financing facility,
pursuant to which Company has the option to request that the Selling Stockholder commit to purchase up to 5,000,000 of the Shares over
a 24-month term commencing on the date on which the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part is declared effective
by the SEC. For a more detailed description of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the issuance of the Shares to the Selling Stockholder,
see the section here entitled Private Placement . 

Termination
of November 2022 Equity Line Agreement 

As
previously disclosed in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2022, we entered into the Coventry Purchase Agreement
with Coventry Enterprises, LLC, a Delaware limited company. On July 25, 2023, we terminated the Coventry Purchase Agreement in accordance
with its terms, effective immediately. For further information on such purchase agreement, see the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
by the Company with the SEC on November 14, 2022 and the exhibits filed therewith. 

August
16, 2023 Purchase Agreement 

On
August 16, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with the August Investor, which closed on August 16, 2023,
pursuant to which the August Investor purchased a convertible promissory from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of 55,000,
such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares Common Stock at the option of August Investor at any time after 180 days
of the issuance date of the August Note (the Conversion Shares ). 

The
conversion price for the August Note is equal to 65 of the market price of the Common Stock, which is based on the average of the lowest
three trading prices of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a notice of conversion of the
August Note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such conversions are subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation and adjustments for
stock splits, stock dividends or rights offerings, mergers, consolidations, reorganizations and similar events set forth in the August
Note. Pursuant to the August Note, the Company is required to maintain an initial reserve of at least 500 of the number of Conversion
Shares, subject to any increase or decrease of such reserved amount to reflect the Company s obligations under the August Note. 

The
maturity date of the August Note is August 16, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum, which may be increased to 22 in the
event of a default. During the first 60 days following the date of the August Note, the Company has the right to prepay the principal
and accrued but unpaid interest due under the August Note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the August Investor
under the terms of the August Note, at a 110 premium of the face amount plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts owed
to the August Investor, which increases to (i) 115 if prepaid after 60 days, but less than 91 days from the issuance date, (ii) 120 
if prepaid after 90 days, but less than 121 days from the issuance date, (iii) 125 if prepaid after 120 days, but less than 151 days
from the issuance date, and (iv) 129 if prepaid after 150 days, but less than 181 days from the issuance date. After this initial 180-day
period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the August Note. For further information on such purchase agreement and July Note,
see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on August 21, 2023 and the exhibits filed therewith. 

August
Promissory Note 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company issued to an institutional investor (the August Lender a 10 original issue discount promissory
note (the Promissory Note in consideration for 120,000, which has a principal face amount of 132,000, matures on November
15, 2023 and accrues interest at a rate of 10 per annum, which may be increased to 18 in the event of a default. The Company has the
right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under the Promissory Note, together with any other amounts that the
Company may owe the August Lender under the terms of the Promissory Note, on or before September 14, 2023 at a 110 premium of the face
amount plus accrued and unpaid interest and any other amounts owed to the August Lender, which increases to (i) 120 if prepaid after
such date, but on or before October 14, 2023, and (ii) 130 if prepaid after October 14, 2023, unless the Company and the Lender agree
to otherwise effect repayment. For further information
on such purchase agreement and July Note, see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on August 21, 2023 and
the exhibits filed therewith. 

28 

August
23, 2023 Purchase Agreement 

On
August 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor (the Investor ), which closed
on August 23, 2023, pursuant to which the Investor purchased a convertible redeemable promissory note in the aggregate principal amount
of 77,500 (the Note from the Company for 72,500. The principal and the interest thereon is convertible into shares Common
Stock at the option of Investor at any time (the Conversion Shares ). 

The
initial conversion price for the Note is equal to 0.04 per share (the Fixed Price ), provided that the Fixed Price will
be reduced to 0.02 per share in the event that the market price of the Common Stock trades below 0.03 per share for five consecutive
trading days. In the event of a default under the Note and unless the Fixed Price is lower, such conversion price will equal the lowest
trading price of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately preceding such default, which price is subject to re-adjustment
every thirty calendar days during the period in which the Company remains in default. Pursuant to the Note, in the event that such conversion
price is below the par value of the Common Stock, the Company has agreed to take all steps to reduce such par value or conduct a reverse
split of its Common Stock, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such conversion price and lookback periods are subject to adjustment
in favor of the Investor in the event the Company issues securities to another party with more favorable conversion terms, and such conversions
are subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation (which may be increased to 9.9 upon 60 days prior written notice from
the holder of the Note) and adjustments for mergers, consolidations, reorganizations and similar events set forth in the Note, other
than a transfer or sale of all or substantially all Company assets. Pursuant to the Note, the Company is required to maintain an initial
reserve of at least 400 of the number of Conversion Shares, subject to any increase of such reserved amount to reflect the Company s
obligations under the Note. 

In
addition, pursuant to the Note, in the event of a transfer or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or certain
merger, consolidation, reorganization and similar events described in the Note, the Company will be required to, upon the Investor s
request, (i) redeem the Note in cash for 150 of the principal and accrued but unpaid interest thereon through such redemption date or
(ii) convert the unpaid principal and accrued but unpaid interest into shares of Common Stock immediately prior to such event at the
conversion price then in effect. 

The
maturity date of the Note is February 23, 2024 and bears interest at a rate of 8 per annum, which may be increased to 24 in the event
of a default. Interest on such Note is payable only in Common Stock in accordance with the terms of conversion in the Note. During the
first 60 days following the date of the Note, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest due under
the Note, at a 110 premium of the face amount plus accrued and unpaid interest, which increases to (i) 120 if prepaid after 60 days,
but less than 121 days from the issuance date and (ii) 125 if prepaid after 120 days, but less than 181 days from the issuance date.
After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay the Note. For further information on such purchase agreement
and July Note, see the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on August 29, 2023 and the exhibits filed therewith. 

Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
elsewhere in this Report. The results discussed below are of the Company and its wholly-owned Australian subsidiary, Propanc PTY LTD. 

Fiscal
Year Ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Revenue 

For
the fiscal years 2023 and 2022 we generated no revenue because we are currently undertaking research and development activities for market
approval and no sales were generated in this period. 

29 

Administration
Expenses 

Administration
expenses decreased to 1,499,885 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 1,706,452 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This decrease
of approximately 207,000 is primarily attributable to a decrease of approximately 231,000 in stock-based expenses, a decrease in general
consulting, legal and investor relation fees of approximately 91,000 offset by increases in accounting fees of approximately 15,000,
employee remuneration expense of approximately 89,000, marketing expense of 7,000 and other general and administrative expenses of
approximately 4,000. 

Occupancy
Expense 

Occupancy
expense increased to 28,841 as compared to 28,366 for the year ended June 30, 2023. This increase of 475 is primarily attributable
to exchange rate movements over the period when compared to the same year in 2022. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

Research
and development expenses decreased to 247,919 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 256,052 for the year ended June 30,
2022. The decrease in research and development expenses of 8,133 is primarily due to foreign currency fluctuations during the year.
Such research and development expenses are related to the two-year collaboration agreement with University of Ja n, which was
executed in October 2020 to provide certain research services to the Company ending on October 2022, relating to the investigation of
a fully synthetic recombinant version of PRP. Additionally, on July 27, 2022, the Company entered into another two-year research agreement
with the University of Ja n to provide certain research and experiment services to the Company relating to the investigation of
the effects of pancreatic proenzymes against the tumor microenvironment. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense decreased to 532,821 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 568,798 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Interest expense
primarily comprised approximately 203,000 of debt discount amortization and accretion of put premium and interest expense from accrual
of interest expense and other financing fees for a total of approximately 330,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023. This decrease in
interest expense of 36,554 is primarily attributable to the decrease of approximately 220,000 in accretion of put premium offset by
increase in amortization of debt discount of approximately 155,000 and increase in accrual of interest expense of 30,000. 

Change
in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities 

Change
in fair value of derivative liabilities were increased to a loss of (530,330) for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to a loss
of (99,111) for the year ended June 30, 2022. This increase in loss during the year ended June 30, 2023 of approximately 431,000 is
primarily attributable to an increase in fair value of the principal amount of convertible notes with bifurcated embedded conversion
option derivatives as a result of the decrease in the conversion prices of such notes during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Gain
from Settlement of Accounts Payable 

Gain
from settlement of accounts payable was 17,499 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 0 for the year ended June 30, 2022.
On August 16, 2022, the Company and a third-party investor relations consultant agreed to settle an outstanding payable of 23,050 in
exchange for 2,305,000 warrants to purchase Common Stock at 0.01 per share with an expiry date of August 16, 2025 and fair market value
of 5,551. Accordingly, the Company recognized gain from settlement of accounts payable of 17,499 during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

30 

Gain
on Extinguishment of Debt, net 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the principal aggregate amount of convertible notes of 168,200, accrued interest of 16,632 and conversion
fees of 1,838 containing bifurcated embedded conversion option derivatives were converted into common stock. Accordingly, the fair market
value of the shares issued upon conversion was 556,272, resulting in a loss on extinguishment at the time of conversion of 369,602
and 352,051 of derivative liability fair value was recorded as a gain on extinguishment at the time of conversion, resulting in a net
loss of 17,551. 

Additionally,
during the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized the remaining put premium of 43,520 related to a convertible note into
gain on extinguishment of debt. The holder of such convertible note agreed to surrender all conversion rights in its currently held
convertible notes due to violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act, which resulted in a net gain on extinguishment of debt
of 25,969 (when considering the above loss) for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to a loss on extinguishment of debt for the year ended June 30, 2022 of 17,503). 

Foreign
Currency Transaction Gain (Loss) 

Foreign
currency transaction decreased to a gain of 5,885 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to a loss of 42,395 for the year ended
June 30, 2022. The decrease of approximately 48,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023 is partially attributable to the decrease in exchange
rates during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Benefit
(provision) for taxes 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company applied for and received from the Australian Taxation Office a research and development
tax credit in the amount of 129,841 and 54,977, respectively. 

Net
loss 

Net
loss increased to 2,660,566 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to a net loss of 2,658,087 for the year ended June 30, 2022.
The change relates to the factors discussed above. 

Deemed
dividend 

The
Company recognized the value of the effect of a down round feature related to our Series A warrants when triggered. Upon the occurrence
of the triggering event that resulted in a reduction of the strike price, the Company measured the value of the effect of the feature
as the difference between the fair value of the warrants without the down round feature or before the strike price reduction and the
fair value of the warrants with a strike price corresponding to the reduced strike price upon the down round feature being triggered.
Accordingly, the Company recognized deemed dividend of 466,273 and 700,340 and a corresponding reduction of income available to common
stockholders upon the alternate cashless exercise of these warrants during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Net
loss available to common stockholders 

Net
loss available to common stockholders increased to 3,126,839 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to a net loss of 3,358,427
for the year ended June 30, 2022. The change relates to the factors discussed above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Current
Financial Condition 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had total assets of 60,328, comprised primarily of cash of 10,047, GST tax receivable of 2,867, prepaid expenses
and other current assets of 6,125, property and equipment, net, of 302, operating lease ROU asset, net of 38,988, and security deposit
of 1,999. As compared to June 30, 2022, we had total assets of 81,651, comprised primarily of cash of 4,067, GST tax receivable of
 2,342, prepaid expenses and other current assets of 8,621, property and equipment, net, of 2,023, operating lease ROU asset, net of
 62,523, and security deposit of 2,075. 

31 

We
had current liabilities of 3,158,229, primarily comprised of net convertible debt of 390,539, loan payable of 65,280, accounts payable
and accrued expenses of 1,546,425, employee benefit liability of 587,618, and embedded conversion option liabilities of 423,209 as
of June 30, 2023. As compared to June 30, 2022, we had current liabilities of 3,062,981, primarily comprising net convertible debt of
 926,438, accrued interest of 57,822, accounts payable and accrued expenses of 1,409,138, employee benefit liability of 415,799, and
embedded conversion option liabilities of 151,262. 

We
have funded our operations primarily through the issuance of equity and/or convertible securities for cash. The cash was used primarily
for payments for research and development, administration expenses, occupancy expenses, professional fees, consulting fees and travel. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, we received proceeds from exercise of warrants of 475,000, proceeds from issuance of convertible notes
of 590,250, proceeds from sale of our stocks of 24,711 and proceeds from the collection of subscription receivables of 23,758. 

We
have substantial capital resource requirements and have incurred significant losses since inception. As of June 30, 2023, we had 10,047
in cash. We depend upon debt and/or equity financing to fund our ongoing operations and to execute our current business plan. Such capital
requirements are in excess of what we have in available cash and for which we currently have commitments. Therefore, we presently do
not have enough available cash to meet our obligations over the next 12 months. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable
at reasonable terms, we may curtail our plan of operations. We will be required to obtain alternative or additional financing from financial
institutions, investors or otherwise, in order to maintain and expand our existing operations. The failure by us to obtain such financing
would have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations, and adversely affecting our ability
to complete ongoing activities in connection with our research and development programs. 

Sources
and Uses of Cash 

For the years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (1,105,251 
 (1,436,304 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,113,719 
 1,490,786 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 (2,488 
 (52,670 

Net
Cash Flow from Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 1,105,251 for the year ended June 30, 2023, due to our net loss of 2,660,566 offset primarily
by non-cash charges of amortization of debt discount of 202,952, total stock-based compensation of 141,356, non-cash interest expense
of 1,838, accretion of put premium of 232,674, change in fair value of derivatives of 530,330, foreign currency transaction gain of
 5,885, and 25,969 gain on extinguishment of debt. Net changes in operating assets and liabilities totaled 472,587, which is primarily
attributable to increase in accounts payable of 80,975, increase in accrued expenses and other payables of 130,511, employee benefit
liability of 186,912, and accrued interest of 92,474. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 1,436,304 for the year ended June 30, 2022, due to our net loss of 2,658,087 offset primarily
by non-cash charges of amortization of debt discount of 47,971, total stock-based compensation of 387,139, non-cash interest expense
of 2,250, accretion of put premium of 452,308, change in fair value of derivatives of 99,111, foreign currency transaction loss of
 42,395, and 17,503 loss on extinguishment of debt. Net changes in operating assets and liabilities totaled 171,113, which is primarily
attributable to increase in accounts payable of 18,870, increase in accrued expenses and other payables of 65,017, employee benefit
liability of 29,907, and accrued interest of 63,878. 

32 

Net
Cash Flow from Financing Activities 

Cash
flows provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 1,113,719 as compared to 1,490,786 for the year ended
June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023 we received proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 475,000, proceeds from sale
of common stock of 24,711, collections of subscription receivables of 23,758 and proceeds from issuance of convertible notes of 590,250.
During the year ended June 30, 2022 we received proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 625,001, proceeds from sale of common stock
of 99,285, and proceeds from issuance of convertible notes of 766,500. 

Effect
of Exchange Rate 

The
effect of the exchange rate on cash resulted in a 2,488 negative adjustment to cash flows in the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared
to a negative adjustment of 52,670 to cash flows in the year ended June 30, 2022. The reason for the fluctuation is due to the application
of currency translation rates throughout the cash flow statement, the volume of transactions within each period and the daily fluctuation
in exchange rates. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

Below
is a discussion of our more subjective accounting estimation processes for purposes of explaining (i) the methodology used in calculating
the estimates, (ii) the inherent uncertainties pertaining to such estimates, and (iii) the possible effects of a significant variance
in actual experience, from that of the estimate, on our financial condition. Estimates involve numerous assumptions that, if incorrect,
could create a material adverse impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 

Reference
is frequently made herein to the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC ).
This is the source of authoritative US GAAP recognized by the FASB to be applied to non-governmental entities. Each ASC reference in
this filing is presented with a three-digit number, which represents its Topic. As necessary for explanation and as applicable, an ASC
topic may be followed with a two-digit subtopic, a two-digit section or a two-or-three-digit paragraph. 

Foreign
Currency Translation and Comprehensive Income (Loss) : The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary s functional currency is
the AUD. For financial reporting purposes, the Australian Dollar AUD has been translated into USD as the Company s
reporting currency. Assets and liabilities are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses
are translated at the average rate of exchange prevailing during the reporting period. Equity transactions are translated at each historical
transaction date spot rate. Translation adjustments arising from the use of different exchange rates from period to period are included
as a component of stockholders equity (deficit) as accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Gains and losses
resulting from foreign currency transactions are included in the statement of operations and comprehensive loss as other income (expense).
Effective fiscal year 2021, the Company determined that intercompany loans will not be repaid in the foreseeable future and thus, per
ASC 830-20-35-3, gains and losses from measuring the intercompany balances are recorded within cumulative translation adjustment, a component
of other comprehensive income. 

Accounting
for Income Taxes: We are governed by Australian income tax laws and United States income tax laws, which are administered by the
Australian Taxation Office and the United States Internal Revenue Service, respectively. We follow ASC 740, Accounting for
Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for temporary differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets
and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the
periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary, to reduce
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or
minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities. 

The
Company adopted provisions of ASC 740, Sections 25 through 60, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes . These
sections provide detailed guidance for the financial statement recognition, measurement and disclosure of uncertain tax positions recognized
in the financial statements. Tax positions must meet a more-likely-than-not recognition threshold at the effective date
to be recognized upon the adoption of ASC 740 and in subsequent periods. 

33 

Accounting
for Stock Based Compensation : We record stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718, Stock Compensation 
and Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 107 issued by the SEC in March 2005 regarding its interpretation of ASC 718. ASC 718 requires the fair
value of all stock-based employee compensation awarded to employees to be recorded as an expense over the related requisite service period.
The statement also requires the recognition of compensation expense for the fair value of any unvested stock option awards outstanding
at the date of adoption. We value any employee or non-employee stock-based compensation at fair value using the Black-Scholes Option
Pricing Model. 

We
account for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with the measurement and recognition criteria of ASC 718. 

Derivative
Instruments: ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative
instruments and for hedging activities by requiring that all derivatives be recognized in the balance sheet and measured at fair value.
Gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of derivatives are recognized in earnings. On the date of conversion, or payoff,
of debt, we record the fair value of the conversion shares, remove the fair value of the related derivative liability, remove any discounts
and record a net gain or loss on debt extinguishment. 

Convertible
Notes with Variable Conversion Options : We have entered into convertible notes, some of which contain variable conversion options,
whereby the outstanding principal and accrued interest may be converted, by the holder, into shares of Common Stock at or around a fixed
discount to the price of the Common Stock at the time of conversion. We treat these convertible notes as stock settled debt under ASC
480 and measure the fair value of the notes at the time of issuance, which is the result of the share price discount at the time of conversion
and record the put premium as accretion to interest expense. 

Research
and Development Tax Credits : We may apply for research and development tax concessions with the Australian Taxation Office on an
annual basis. Although the amount is possible to estimate at year end, the Australian Taxation Office may reject or materially alter
the claim amount. Accordingly, we do not recognize the benefit of the claim amount until cash receipt since collectability is not certain
until such time. The tax concession is a refundable credit. If we have net income then we can receive the credit which reduces its income
tax liability. If we have net losses, then we may still receive a cash payment for the credit, however, our net operating loss carry
forwards are reduced by the gross equivalent loss that would produce the credit amount when the income tax rate is applied to that gross
amount. The concession is recognized as an income tax benefit, in operations, upon receipt. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Please
see section captioned Recent Accounting Pronouncements in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this
Annual Report for a discussion of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 

Going
Concern Qualification 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company
as a going concern. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had no revenues, had a net loss of 2,660,566 and had net cash
used in operations of 1,105,251. Additionally, as of June 30, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit, stockholders deficit
and accumulated deficit of 3,139,190, 3,117,179, and 64,684,732, respectively. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm has included a Going Concern Qualification in their audit report for each
of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. In addition, we have negative working capital and convertible debt that is past maturity
that we are currently negotiating with lenders in order to amend the maturity dates. The foregoing raises substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of 12 months from the issue date of this report. Our ability to continue as a going
concern is dependent on our ability to execute our strategy and on our ability to raise additional funds and/or to consummate a public
offering. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities for cash
to operate our business. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms
that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations,
in the case of debt financing or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in case of equity and/or convertible debt financing.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The Going
Concern Qualification might make it substantially more difficult to raise capital. 

34 

Successful
completion of the Company s development program and, ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations are dependent upon future
events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill its development activities, acceptance of the Company s patent applications,
obtaining additional sources of suitable and adequate financing and ultimately achieving a level of sales adequate to support the Company s
cost structure and business plan. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent on its ability to further
develop and execute on its business plan. However, there can be no assurances that any or all of these endeavors will be successful. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not
applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
following consolidated financial statements of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements for the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID. 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

35 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of: 

 Propanc
Biopharma, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. and Subsidiary (the Company as of
June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has a net loss of 2,660,566 and net cash used in operating activities
of 1,105,251 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The Company has a working capital deficit, stockholder s deficit, and accumulated
deficit of 3,139,190, 3,117,179, and 64,684,732 respectively, at June 30, 2023. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s Plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 2. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

2295
NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton, FL 33431-7328 

 Phone:
(561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 

 www.salbergco.com
 info@salbergco.com 

 Member
National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 

 Member
CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality 

F- 1 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements
that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are
material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole,
and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Derivative
Liabilities 

As
noted in Footnote 1 Derivative Instruments and as described in Footnote 12 Derivative Financial Instruments and
Fair Value Measurements to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded derivative transactions that resulted primarily
in a net derivative expense in fiscal 2023 from change in fair value of derivative liabilities of 530,330, and derivative liabilities
of 423,209 at June 30, 2023. 

We
identified the evaluation of instruments and contracts to determine whether there are derivatives to be recorded, the analysis of the
accounting treatment and presentation for derivative transactions and the valuation of derivatives as critical audit matters. Auditing
management s analysis of the above critical audit matters was complex and involved a high degree of subjectivity. 

The
primary procedures we performed to address these critical audit matters included (a) Reviewed and tested management s conclusions
as to whether certain instruments or contracts qualified for derivative treatment by comparing management s analysis and conclusions
to authoritative and interpretive literature, (b) Compared the accounting treatment and presentation to that described by the authoritative
and interpretive literature, (c) Tested management s process for valuing derivatives by comparing it to generally accepted methodologies
for valuing derivatives, (d) Tested management s valuation of the derivatives by testing assumptions and data used in the valuation
model including the term, volatility and interest rate, and (e) Recomputed the derivative valuations. We agreed with management s
conclusions. 

/s/
Salberg Company, P.A. 

. 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2011 

September
28, 2023 

F- 2 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

GST tax receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Security deposit - related party 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net - related party 

Property and equipment, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Accrued interest 

Loan payable 
 
 - 
 
 Convertible notes, net of discounts and including put premiums 

Operating lease liability - related party, current portion 

Embedded conversion option liabilities 

Due to former director - related party 

Loan from former director - related party 

Employee benefit liability 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Operating lease liability - long-term portion - related party 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 9) 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value: 

Series A preferred stock, par value; shares previously authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 - 

Series B preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock, value 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common stock issuable and shares as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 
 - 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock share) 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

REVENUE 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Administration expenses 

Occupancy expenses - related party 

Research and development 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain from settlement of accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net 

Foreign currency transaction gain (loss) 

TOTAL OTHER EXPENSE, NET 

LOSS BEFORE TAXES 

Tax benefit 

NET LOSS 

Deemed Dividend 

NET LOSS AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

BASIC AND DILUTED NET LOSS PER SHARE AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

BASIC AND DILUTED WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING 

NET LOSS AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Unrealized foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 Subscription 
 Receivable 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Preferred
 Stock 

Series
 A 
 Series
 B 
 Common
 Stock 
 Common
 Stock Issuable 
 Additional 

Accumulated 
 Other 

Total 

No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 No.
 of Shares 
 Value 
 Paid-in
 Capital 
 Subscription 
 Receivable 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Balance
 at June 30, 2021 

- 

- 
 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for offering cost 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for conversion of convertible debt, conversion fee and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for services and accrued expenses 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for alternate cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification
 of put premium upon debt conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation in connection with stock option grants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend upon alternate cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at June 30, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock for cash 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Retirement
 of Series A Preferred Stock 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for conversion of convertible debt, conversion fee and accrued interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for exercise of Series B warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for alternate cashless exercise of Series A warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock in connection with a note payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Issuance
 of common stock for issuable shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Reclassification
 of put premium upon debt conversion 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrant
 grant for settlement of accounts payable 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Stock
 based compensation in connection with stock warrant grant 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign
 currency translation gain 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Deemed
 dividend upon alternate cashless exercise of warrants 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Fractional
 shares due to reverse split 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 at June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

Balance 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For the years ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 

Issuance and amortization of common stock for services 

Stock option, stock warrants and restricted stock expense 

Foreign currency transaction (gain) loss 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of debt discounts 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt, net 

Gain from settlement of accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash interest expense 

Accretion of put premium 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities: 

GST receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Employee benefit liability 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Accrued interest 

Operating lease liability 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible promissory notes, net of original issue discounts and issue costs 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Collection of subscription receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 ) 

NET INCREASE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AT END OF YEAR 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid during the year: 

Interest 

Income Tax 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Common stock issued for offering cost applied against proceeds received 
 - 

Subscription receivable 
 - 

Reduction of put premium related to conversions of convertible notes 

Conversion of convertible notes and accrued interest to common stock 

Debt discounts related to derivative liability 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset and operating lease liability pursuant to ASC 842 
 - 

Debt discounts related to common stock issued with a note payable 
 
 - 
 
 Warrant grant for settlement of accounts payable 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for accrued services 
 - 

Deemed dividend upon alternate cashless exercise of warrants 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

(1:1,000) Reverse Stock Split (the Reverse Stock Split ), effective as of May 1, 2023. Proportional adjustments for the
Reverse Stock Split were made to the Company s outstanding stock options, warrants and equity incentive plans. All share and per-share
data and amounts have been retroactively adjusted as of the earliest period presented in the consolidated financial statements to reflect
the Reverse Stock Split. 

The
Company hopes to capture and protect additional patentable subject matter based on the Company s field of technology relating to
pharmaceutical compositions of proenzymes for treating cancer by filing additional patent applications as it advances its lead product
candidate, PRP, through various stages of development. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

and , respectively,
on intercompany loans made by the parent to the subsidiary that have not been repaid as of June 30, 2023, which is included as component
of accumulated other comprehensive income on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Average exchange rate for the period 

USD : AUD exchange rate 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Ending balance, June 30, 2023 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

cash equivalents as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

years 
 
 Furniture 
 -
 years 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

and , respectively, from the Australian Taxation Office. These amounts were
fully collected subsequent to the balance sheet reporting dates. 

per share common
stock at a fixed discount to the price of the common stock at or around the time of conversion. The Company treats these convertible
notes as stock settled debt under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and measures the fair value of
the notes at the time of issuance, which is the result of the share price discount at the time of conversion and records the put premium
as interest expense. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

and , respectively. 

The
Company may apply for research and development tax concessions with the Australian Taxation Office on an annual basis. Although the amount
is possible to estimate at year end, the Australian Taxation Office may reject or materially alter the claim amount. Accordingly, the
Company does not recognize the benefit of the claim amount until cash receipt since collectability is not certain until such time. The
tax concession is a refundable credit. If the Company has net income, then the Company can receive the credit which reduces its income
tax liability. If the Company has net losses, then the Company may still receive a cash payment for the credit, however, the Company s
net operating loss carryforwards are reduced by the gross equivalent loss that would produce the credit amount when the income tax rate
is applied to that gross amount. The concession is recognized as tax benefit, in operations, upon receipt. 

During
each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company applied for, and received from the Australian Taxation Office, a research
and development tax credit in the amount of and , respectively, which is reflected as a tax benefit in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

was previously included in convertible notes, net of discounts and including
premiums at June 30, 2022. 

beneficial ownership conversion limitation (subject to certain noteholders abilities to increase such limitation
to 9.99 upon 60 days notice to the Company), and certain notes may not be converted during the certain specified time period
from the date of issuance . The Company s CEO holds Series B Preferred Stock that, when combined, confers upon him a majority vote,
including regarding authorization of additional common shares and/or the authorization of a reverse split the stock as considered necessary.
Such securities are considered dilutive securities, which were excluded from the computation since the effect is anti-dilutive. 

Warrants with no designations 

Series A Warrants as if converted at alternate cashless exercise prices 
 
 - 
 
 Series B Warrants 
 
 - 
 
 Series C Warrants as if converted at alternate cashless exercise prices 
 
 - 
 
 Unvested restricted stock units 

Convertible Debt 

Total 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

and had net cash
used in operations of . Additionally, as of June 30, 2023, the Company had a working capital deficit, stockholders deficit
and accumulated deficit of , , and , respectively. It is management s opinion that these conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least twelve months from
the date of this filing. 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification
of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Successful
completion of the Company s development program and, ultimately, the attainment of profitable operations are dependent upon future
events, including obtaining adequate financing to fulfill its development activities, acceptance of the Company s patent applications,
obtaining additional sources of suitable and adequate financing and ultimately achieving a level of sales adequate to support the Company s
cost structure and business plan. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is also dependent on its ability to further
develop and execute its business plan. However, there can be no assurances that any or all of these endeavors will be successful. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total property, plant, and equipment 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 

and , respectively. The Company plans to repay the advances as its cash resources allow
(see Note 10). 

and , respectively. The loan bears no interest
and is payable on demand. The Company did not repay any amount on this loan during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively,
(see Note 10). 

Loan
Payable 

Crown
Bridge Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
October 3, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Crown Bridge Partners, LLC Crown Bridge ),
pursuant to which Crown Bridge purchased a convertible promissory note from the Company (the Crown Bridge Note ), which
had a remaining principal balance of as of June 30, 2023 (see Note 6). The maturity date of the Crown Bridge Note was and is currently past due. The Crown Bridge Note bore interest at a default interest rate of per annum. In August 2022, the
SEC filed a complaint against Crown Bridge due to its violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act ). Crown Bridge agreed to surrender all conversion rights in its currently held convertible notes, including
the Crown Bridge Note. Consequently, as of June 30, 2023, the Company reclassified the remaining principal balance of from a
convertible note into a loan payable. Additionally, the Company recorded the remaining put premium of into gain on extinguishment
of debt during the year ended June 30, 2023. The total accrued interest from this loan amounted to as of June 30, 2023. 

Loan
in default 

The
Crown Bridge Note is currently past due and in default, consisting of principal and accrued interest, which includes
interest accruing at the default interest rate at . 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Unamortized discounts 

Premium, net 

Convertible notes, net 

Convertible
Note Issued with Consulting Agreement 

August
10, 2017 Consulting Agreement 

On
August 10, 2017, the Company entered into a consulting agreement, retroactive to May 16, 2017, with a certain consultant, pursuant to
which the consultant agreed to provide certain consulting and business advisory services in exchange for a junior subordinated
convertible note. The maturity date of the August 10, 2017 Convertible Note was August 2019 and is currently past due (see Note 9). The
note accrues interest at a rate of per annum and is convertible into common stock at the lesser of or of the three lowest
trades in the ten trading days prior to the conversion. The note was fully earned upon signing the agreement and matures on . The Company accrued related to this expense at June 30, 2017 and recorded the remaining related to this expense
in fiscal year 2018. Upon an event of default, principal and accrued interest will become immediately due and payable under the note.
Additionally, upon an event of default, at the election of the holder, the note would accrue interest at a default interest rate of 
per annum or the highest rate of interest permitted by law. The consulting agreement had a three-month term and expired on August 16,
2017. An aggregate total of of this note was bifurcated with the embedded conversion option recorded as a derivative liability
at fair value. During the year ended June 30, 2018, the consultant converted of principal and of interest. During the
year ended June 30, 2019, the consultant converted an additional of principal and of interest leaving a principal balance
owed of at June 30, 2019. During the year ended June 30, 2020, the consultant converted an additional of principal and 
of interest such that the remaining principal outstanding and accrued interest under this note as of June 30, 2020 was and ,
respectively. 

On
March 15, 2021, the Company entered into a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement (the Settlement Agreement with the
consultant whereby both parties agreed to settle all claims and liabilities under the August 10, 2017 Convertible note for a total of
 in the form of a convertible note. All other terms of the August 10, 2017 Convertible Note shall remain in full force and effect.
Both parties agree that all future penalties under this note are waived unless the Company fails to authorize to distribute the requested
shares upon conversion. The Company has the right to pay off the balance of any remaining amounts dues under this note in cash at any
time more than 60 days after March 15, 2021. Prior to the Settlement Agreement, the Company recorded total liabilities consisting
of remaining principal amount of , accrued interest of and accrued expenses of . Accordingly, the Company recognized
loss from settlement of debt of during the year ended June 30, 2021 which is included in gain from settlement of debt, net in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

The
total principal and accrued interest outstanding under the August 10, 2017 convertible note was and , respectively, as
of June 30, 2022 following conversion of of principal and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

The
total principal and accrued interest outstanding under the August 10, 2017 Convertible Note was as of June 30, 2023 following conversion
of of principal and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2023 (see Note 8). 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Auctus
Fund Financing Agreements 

August
30, 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
August 30, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Auctus Fund, LLC Auctus ), pursuant to which
Auctus purchased a convertible promissory note (the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note from the Company in the aggregate principal
amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option
of Auctus. The transaction closed on August 30, 2019 and the Company received payment on September 4, 2019 in the amount of ,
of which was paid directly toward legal fees and to Auctus for due diligence fees resulting in net cash proceeds of .
The maturity date of the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note was . The August 30, 2019 Auctus Note bore interest at a rate of
 per annum, but not payable until the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note became payable, whether at the maturity date or upon acceleration
or by prepayment. The note was treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480 and accordingly the Company recorded a put premium.
The August 30, 2019 Auctus Note may not be prepaid without the written consent of Auctus. Any amount of principal or interest which was
not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of per annum. 

Additionally,
Auctus had the option to convert all or any amount of the principal face amount and accrued interest of the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note,
at any time following the issue date and ending on the later of the maturity date or the date of payment of the Default Amount if an
event of default occurs, which was an amount equal to of an amount equal to the then outstanding principal amount of the August
30, 2019 Auctus Note (but not less than plus any interest accrued from August 30, 2019 at the default interest rate of per
annum, for shares of the Company s common stock at the then-applicable conversion price. 

The
conversion price for the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note was a Variable Conversion Price, being of the Market Price on the date of conversion.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Auctus was restricted from effecting a conversion if such conversion, along with other shares of the Company s
common stock beneficially owned by Auctus and its affiliates, exceeds of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. 

In
connection with the issuance of the August 2019 Auctus Note, the Company issued common stock purchase warrants to Auctus to purchase
450 shares of the Company s common stock (the First Warrant as a commitment fee upon the terms and subject to the
limitations and conditions set forth in such First Warrant at an Exercise Price of . In connection with the issuance
of the Note, the Company shall issue a common stock purchase warrant to Buyer to purchase shares of the Company s common stock
(the Second Warrant as a commitment fee upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such
Second Warrant at an Exercise Price of . In connection with the issuance of the Note, the Company shall issue
a common stock purchase warrant to Buyer to purchase shares of the Company s common stock (the Third Warrant as a commitment fee upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Third Warrant at an Exercise
Price of . The First Warrant, Second Warrant, and Third Warrant shall collectively be referred as the Warrants .
The Warrants have an Exercise Period of five years from the date of issuance being August 30, 2019. Under the terms of
the Purchase Agreement and the Warrants, the Selling Security Holder may not either convert the Notes nor exercise the Warrants to the
extent (but only to the extent) that the Selling Security Holder or any of its affiliates would beneficially own a number of shares of
our Common Stock which would exceed of our outstanding shares. The Company accounted for the warrants by using the relative fair
value method and recorded debt discount from the relative fair value of the warrants of using a simple binomial lattice model. 

In
connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company and the Purchaser entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration
Rights Agreement ). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company agreed to register the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Securities in a Registration Statement with the SEC as well as the Commitment Shares (as defined herein). The Registration Rights
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

The
Note was subject to customary default provisions and also includes a cross-default provision which provides that a breach or default
by the Borrower of any covenant or other term or condition contained in any of the Other Agreements (as defined therein), after the passage
of all applicable notice and cure or grace periods, shall, at the option of the Holder, be considered a default under this Note and the
Other Agreements. Upon occurrence of any such event, the Holder was entitled (but in no event required) to apply all rights and remedies
of the Holder under the terms of this Note and the Other Agreements by reason of a default under said Other Agreements or the Note. 

The
August 30, 2019 Auctus Note contained certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest were to become immediately
due and payable. In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal shall accrue at a default interest rate
of per annum. 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above Auctus financing agreement, specifically the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note, was 
and accrued interest of as of June 30, 2020 following conversion of of the principal balance and of accrued interest
during the year ended June 30, 2020. Accordingly, of the put premium was released in respect of the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note
during the year ended June 30, 2020 following conversion of the principal balance. 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above Auctus financing agreement, specifically the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note, was 
and accrued interest of as of June 30, 2021 following conversion of of the principal balance and of accrued interest
during the year ended June 30, 2021. Accordingly, of the put premium was released in respect of the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note
during the year ended June 30, 2021 following conversion of the principal balance. 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above Auctus financing agreement, specifically the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note, was and
accrued interest of as of June 30, 2022 following conversion of of the principal balance and of accrued interest during
the year ended June 30, 2022. Accordingly, of the put premium was released in respect of the August 30, 2019 Auctus Note during
the year ended June 30, 2022 following conversion of the principal balance. Accordingly, there was outstanding principal balance as
of June 30, 2022. 

Crown
Bridge Securities Purchase Agreements 

Effective
October 3, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Crown Bridge, pursuant to which Crown Bridge purchased
the Crown Bridge Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible
into shares of common stock at the option of Crown Bridge any time after issuance of such note. Pursuant to the terms of such securities
purchase agreement, Crown Bridge deducted from the principal payment due under the Crown Bridge Note, at the time of closing,
to be applied to its legal expenses, and there was a original issuance discount resulting in net proceeds to the Company.
The Company used the net proceeds from the Crown Bridge Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of the Crown Bridge
Note was October 3, 2020 and is currently past due. The Crown Bridge Note bore interest at a default interest rate of per annum. 

Additionally,
Crown Bridge had the option to convert all or any amount of the Crown Bridge Note at any time after issuance until the later of such
note s maturity date or the date on which the default amount was paid if an event of default occurs, which would be between 
and of the then outstanding principal amount of the Crown Bridge Note plus any interest accrued, for shares of the common stock
at the then-applicable conversion price. 

subject to or beneficial ownership limitations. The Crown Bridge Note was treated as stock settled
debt under ASC 480 and accordingly the Company recorded a put premium. 

The
Crown Bridge Note contained certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest would become immediately due and payable.
In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal accrued at a default interest rate of per annum, or
if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Further, certain events
of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the Crown Bridge Note was and accrued interest of as of as of June 30, 2020 following
conversion of of the principal balance during the year ended June 30, 2020. Accordingly, of the put premium was released
in respect of the October 3, 2019 Crown Bridge Note during the year ended June 30, 2020 following partial conversion of the principal
balance. 

There
were unissued shares of Common Stock that were considered issuable for accounting purposes during the 1 st quarter of fiscal
2021 related to a conversion notice dated and received on September 16, 2020. In November 2020, the Company was notified by Crown Bridge
of the cancellation of this conversion notice as a result of the reverse stock split and, as such, the Company reversed the effects of
this transaction, thereby increasing the principal balance by and put premium by and a corresponding decrease in equity
of . 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the Crown Bridge Note was and accrued interest of as of June 30, 2022. 

In
August 2022, the SEC filed a complaint against Crown Bridge due to its violation of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act. Crown Bridge
agreed to surrender all conversion rights in its currently held convertible notes, including the Crown Bridge Note. Consequently, as
of June 30, 2023, the Company reclassified the remaining principal balance of from a convertible note into a loan payable. Additionally,
the Company recorded the remaining put premium of into gain on extinguishment of debt during the year ended June 30, 2023. Therefore,
the total principal amount outstanding under such agreement with Crown Bridge was after the reclassification of principal to loan
payable as of June 30, 2023 (see Note 5). 

GW
Holdings Securities Purchase Agreements 

October
1, 2019 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
October 1, 2019, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with GW Holdings, pursuant to which GW Holdings purchased a
convertible promissory note (the October 1, 2019 GW Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of ,
such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option of GW Holdings any
time after the six-month anniversary of the October 1, 2019 GW Holdings Note. The transactions contemplated by the GW Holdings Securities
Purchase Agreement closed on October 1, 2019. Pursuant to the terms of the GW Holdings Securities Purchase Agreement, the lender deducted
 from the principal payment due under the October 1, 2019 GW Note, at the time of closing, to be applied to its legal expenses.
The Company used the net proceeds of from the October 1, 2019 GW Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity date
of the October 1, 2019 GW Holdings was . The October 1, 2019 GW Holdings Note bore interest at a rate of per annum,
which interest was paid by the Company to GW Holdings in shares of the Company s common stock; but was not payable until the October
1, 2019 GW Holdings Note became payable, whether at the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

December
10, 2020 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
December 10, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with GW Holdings, pursuant to which GW Holdings purchased
a convertible promissory note (the December 10, 2020 GW Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of ,
such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option of GW Holdings anytime
from the issuance of the December 10, 2020 GW Holdings Note. The transactions contemplated by the GW Holdings Securities Purchase Agreement
closed on December 10, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the GW Holdings Securities Purchase Agreement, the lender deducted from
the principal payment due under the December 10, 2020 GW Note, at the time of closing, to be applied to its legal expenses. The Company
used the net proceeds of from the December 10, 2020 GW Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of the December
10, 2020 GW Holdings was . The December 10, 2020 GW Holdings Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, which interest
may be paid by the Company to GW Holdings in shares of the Company s common stock; but shall not be payable until the December
10, 2020 GW Holdings Note becomes payable, whether at the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

The
above notes issued to GW Holdings contain certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest were to become immediately
due and payable. In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal shall accrue at a default interest rate
of per annum, or if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law.
Further, certain events of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. 

Additionally,
GW Holdings had the option to convert all or any amount of the principal face amount of the notes issued to GW Holdings at any time from
the date of issuance and ending on the later of the maturity date or the date the Default Amount is paid if an event of default occurs,
which is an amount between and of an amount equal to the then outstanding principal amount of such notes plus any interest
accrued, for shares of the Company s common stock at the then-applicable conversion price. 

of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock which may be increased up to upon 60 days prior written notice
by the GW Holdings to the Company. 

These
notes were treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480 and accordingly the Company recorded a total of put premium. 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above October 1, 2019 GW Holdings financing agreement was and accrued interest of
 as of June 30, 2020 following conversion of of the principal balance and of accrued interest during the year ended
June 30, 2020. The total principal amount and accrued interest outstanding under the above October 1, 2019 GW Holdings financing agreement
was as of June 30, 2021 following conversion of of the principal balance and of accrued interest during the year ended
June 30, 2021. Accordingly, and of the put premium was reclassed to additional paid in capital during the year ended
June 30, 2020 and 2021, respectively, following conversion of the principal balance. This note was fully converted into common stock
in fiscal 2021. 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above December 10, 2020 GW Holdings financing agreement, was and accrued interest
of as of June 30, 2021 following conversion of of the principal balance and of accrued interest during the year
ended June 30, 2021. Accordingly, of the put premium was reclassed to additional paid in capital in respect of the October 1,
2019 GW Holdings Note during the year ended June 30, 2021 following conversion of the principal balance. 

The
total principal amount outstanding and accrued interest under the above December 10, 2020 GW Holdings financing agreement, was as
of June 30, 2022 following conversion of of the principal balance, of accrued interest and default penalty during
the year ended June 30, 2022. Accordingly, of the put premium was reclassed to additional paid in capital in respect of the December
10, 2020 GW Holdings Note during the year ended June 30, 2022 following conversion of the principal balance. 

Geneva
Roth Remark Securities Purchase Agreements 

December
2, 2020 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
December 2, 2020, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc.( Geneva Roth ),
pursuant to which Geneva Roth purchased a convertible promissory note (the December 2, 2020 Geneva Roth from the Company
in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s
common stock at the option of Geneva Roth any time after the six month anniversary of the December 2, 2020 Geneva Roth. The December
2, 2020 Geneva Roth contained an original discount of . The Company used the net proceeds from the December 2, 2020 Geneva Roth
for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of the December 2, 2020 Geneva Roth Note was . The December 2,
2020 Geneva Roth Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, which interest may be paid by the Company to Geneva Roth in shares of
the Company s common stock; but shall not be payable until the December 2, 2020 Geneva Roth Note becomes payable, whether at the
maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

January
5, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
January 5, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which Geneva
Roth purchased a convertible promissory note (the January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth from the Company in the aggregate principal
amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option
of Geneva Roth any time after the six-month anniversary of the January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth. The January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth contained
an original issue discount of . The Company used the net proceeds from the January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth for general working capital
purposes. The maturity date of the January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth Note was . The January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth Note bore interest
at a rate of per annum, which interest may be paid by the Company to Geneva Roth in shares of the Company s common stock; but
shall not be payable until the January 5, 2021 Geneva Roth Note becomes payable, whether at the maturity date or upon acceleration or
by prepayment. 

March
16, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
March 16, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which Geneva
Roth purchased a convertible promissory note (the March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth from the Company in the aggregate principal
amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option
of Geneva Roth any time after the six-month anniversary of the March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth. The March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth contained an
original discount of . The Company used the net proceeds from the March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth for general working capital purposes. 

The
maturity date of the March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth Note was . The March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth Note bore interest at a rate
of per annum, which interest may be paid by the Company to Geneva Roth in shares of the Company s common stock; but shall not
be payable until the March 16, 2021 Geneva Roth Note becomes payable, whether at the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

August
19, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
August 19, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., pursuant to which Geneva
Roth purchased a convertible promissory note (the August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth from the Company in the aggregate principal
amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option
of Geneva Roth any time after the six-month anniversary of the August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth. The August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth contained
an original discount of . The Company used the net proceeds from the August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth for general working capital purposes.
The maturity date of the August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth Note was . The August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth Note bore interest at
a rate of per annum, which interest may be paid by the Company to Geneva Roth in shares of the Company s common stock; but shall
not be payable until the August 19, 2021 Geneva Roth Note becomes payable, whether at the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

September
22, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Additionally,
effective September 22, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Geneva Roth Remark Holdings, Inc., pursuant
to which Geneva Roth purchased a convertible promissory note (the September 22, 2021 Geneva Roth from the Company in the
aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common
stock at the option of Geneva Roth any time after the six-month anniversary of the September 22, 2021 Geneva Roth. The September 22,
2021 Geneva Roth contains an original discount of . The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the September 22, 2021 Geneva
Roth for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of the September 22, 2021 Geneva Roth Note is . The September
22, 2021 Geneva Roth Note bears interest at a rate of per annum, which interest may be paid by the Company to Geneva Roth in shares
of the Company s common stock; but shall not be payable until the September 22, 2021 Geneva Roth Note becomes payable, whether
at the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

During
the first 60 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company had the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid
interest due under the above notes issued to Geneva Roth, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the
terms of the note, at a premium ranging from to as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company
does not have a right to prepay such notes. 

discount of the market price based on the average of the lowest three
trading prices of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Geneva Roth shall be restricted from effecting a conversion if such conversion, along with other shares of the Company s
common stock beneficially owned by Geneva Roth and its affiliates, exceeds of the outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock. These notes were treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480 and accordingly the Company recorded a total of put premium
for the five notes. 

The
above Geneva Roth notes contained certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest will become immediately due and
payable. In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal shall accrue at a default interest rate of 
per annum, or if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Further,
certain events of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. 

The
total principal amounts outstanding under the above Geneva Roth financing agreements were and accrued interest of as
of June 30, 2021 following conversion of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30,
2021. Accordingly, of the put premium was released in respect of the Geneva Roth financing agreements during the year ended June
30, 2021 following conversion of the principal balance. 

The
total principal amounts outstanding under the above Geneva Roth financing agreements were as of June 30, 2022 following conversion
of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2022. Accordingly, of the put
premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect of the Geneva Roth financing agreements during the year ended June 30,
2022 following conversion of the principal balance. 

1800
Diagonal Lending (formerly known as Sixth Street Lending) Securities Purchase Agreements 

October
21, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
October 21, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Sixth Street Lending LLC Sixth Street ),
pursuant to which Sixth Street purchased a convertible promissory note (the October 21, 2021 Sixth Street Note from the
Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock
at the option of Sixth Street any time after the six-month anniversary of the October 21, 2021 Sixth Street Note. The October 21, 2021
Sixth Street Note contained debt issue costs of . The Company used the net proceeds from the October 21, 2021 Sixth Street Note
for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of the October 21, 2021 Sixth Street Note was . The October 21,
2021 Sixth Street Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, which interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable
until the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment of such note. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

November
26, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
November 26, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Sixth Street, pursuant to which Sixth Street purchased
a convertible promissory note (the November 26, 2021 Sixth Street Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount
of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of Sixth Street any time after
the six-month anniversary of the November 26, 2021 Sixth Street Note. The November 26, 2021 Sixth Street Note contained debt issue costs
of . The Company used the net proceeds from the November 26, 2021 Sixth Street Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity
date of the November 26, 2021 Sixth Street Note was . The November 26, 2021 Sixth Street Note bore interest at a rate
of per annum, which interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration
or by prepayment of such note. 

January
4, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
January 4, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Sixth Street, pursuant to which Sixth Street purchased
a convertible promissory note (the January 4, 2022 Sixth Street Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount
of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of Sixth Street any time after
the six-month anniversary of the January 4, 2022 Sixth Street Note. The January 4, 2022 Sixth Street Note contained debt issue costs
of . The Company used the net proceeds from the January 4, 2022 Sixth Street Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity
date of the January 4, 2022 Sixth Street Note was . The January 4, 2022 Sixth Street Note bore interest at a rate of 
per annum, which interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or
by prepayment of such note (see conversions below). 

March
7, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
March 7, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Sixth Street, pursuant to which Sixth Street purchased a
convertible promissory note (the March 7, 2022 Sixth Street Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of
 , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of Sixth Street any time after
the six-month anniversary of the March 7, 2022 Sixth Street Note. The March 7, 2022 Sixth Street Note contained debt issue costs of .
The Company used the net proceeds from the March 7, 2022 Sixth Street Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of
the March 7, 2022 Sixth Street Note was . The March 7, 2022 Sixth Street Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, which
interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment of
such note (see conversions below). 

April
12, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
April 12, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Sixth Street, pursuant to which Sixth Street purchased
a convertible promissory note (the April 12, 2022 Sixth Street Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount
of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of Sixth Street any time after
the six-month anniversary of the April 12, 2022 Sixth Street Note. The April 12, 2022 Sixth Street Note contained debt issue costs of
 . The Company used the net proceeds from the April 12, 2022 Sixth Street Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity
date of the April 12, 2022 Sixth Street Note was . The April 12, 2022 Sixth Street Note bore interest at a rate of per
annum, which interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment
of such note. 

May
12, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
May 12, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 1800 Diagonal ),
pursuant to which 1800 Diagonal purchased a convertible promissory note (the May 12, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note from the
Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock
at the option of 1800 Diagonal any time after the six-month anniversary of the May 12, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note. The May 12, 2022 1800
Diagonal Note contained debt issue costs of . The Company used the net proceeds from the May 12, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note for general
working capital purposes. The maturity date of the May 12, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note is . The May 12, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note
bore interest at a rate of per annum, which interest is payable in shares of the common stock; but is not payable until the maturity
date or upon acceleration or by prepayment of such note. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

June
30, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
June 30, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with 1800 Diagonal, which closed on July 11, 2022, pursuant to
which 1800 Diagonal purchased a convertible promissory note (the July 11, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note from the Company in
the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option
of 1800 Diagonal any time after 180 days of the July 11, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note. The July 11, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note contained debt
issue cost of . The Company used the net proceeds from the July 11, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note for general working capital purposes.
The maturity date of the July 11, 2022 1800 Diagonal Note was . The 1800 Diagonal Note bore interest at a rate of per
annum, which interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment
of such note. 

The
following terms apply to all of the above 1800 Diagonal notes: 

During
the first 60 to 180 days following the date of the above listed notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued
but unpaid interest due under the above notes issued, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms
of the note, at a premium ranging from to as defined in the relevant note. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does
not have a right to prepay such note. 

(representing a 35 discount) of the market price of the common stock,
which is based on the average of the lowest three trading prices of the common stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the
delivery of a notice of conversion of such note. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such conversions are subject to beneficial ownership
limitations. All of the above 1800 Diagonal notes are treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480 and accordingly the Company recorded
a total of put premium, of which was recorded during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The
above 1800 Diagonal notes contain certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest will become immediately due and
payable. In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal accrues at a default interest rate of per annum,
or if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Further, certain
events of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. 

Such
events of default include, among others, failure to timely issue shares upon receipt of a notice of conversion, breach of covenants,
representations or warranties, insolvency, bankruptcy and liquidation (subject to cure periods), failure by the Company to pay the principal
and interest due under such note, failure to reserve at least five times the number of shares issuable upon full conversion of such note,
failure to maintain the listing of the common stock on at least one of the OTC markets or a national exchange, restatement of the Company s
financial statements at any time after 180 days after the issuance date of such note if such restatement would reasonably constitute
a material adverse effect on 1800 Diagonal, the Company s failure to comply with Exchange Act reporting requirements or the Company
ceases to be subject to such reporting requirements. 

Failure
to deliver shares of common stock upon conversion of the above 1800 Diagonal notes within three business days of a notice of conversion
will result in the Company paying a penalty of per day, subject to certain exceptions. 

Upon
certain events of default, the above 1800 Diagonal notes will become immediately due and payable and the Company must pay 1800 Diagonal
 of the then-outstanding principal amount of the above 1800 Diagonal notes, plus any interest accrued upon such event of default
or prior events of default (the Default Amount ). Further, upon any event of default relating to the failure to issue shares
of common stock upon the conversion of such notes, such notes become immediately due and payable in an amount equal to twice the Default
Amount. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above 1800 Diagonal notes was and accrued interest of as of June 30, 2022
following conversion of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2022. Accordingly,
 of the put premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect to the purchase agreements with 1800 Diagonal during
the year ended June 30, 2022 following conversion of the principal balance. 

The
total principal amount outstanding and accrued interest under the above 1800 Diagonal notes was as of June 30, 2023 following conversion
of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2023. Accordingly, of the put
premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect of such purchase agreements with 1800 Diagonal during the year ended June
30, 2023 following conversion of the principal balance (see Note 8). 

ONE44
Capital Securities Purchase Agreements 

December
7, 2021 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
December 7, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with ONE44 Capital LLC ONE44 ), pursuant to
which ONE44 purchased a convertible promissory note (the December 7, 2021 ONE44 Note from the Company in the aggregate
principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of ONE44
any time after the six-month anniversary of the December 7, 2021 ONE44 Note. The December 7, 2021 ONE44 Note contained an original discount
and debt issue cost for a total of . The Company used the net proceeds from the December 7, 2021 ONE44 Note for general working
capital purposes. The maturity date of the December 7, 2021 ONE44 Note was . The December 7, 2021 ONE44 Note bore interest
at a rate of per annum, which interest was payable in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon
acceleration or by prepayment of such note. 

March
29, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

Effective
March 29, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with ONE44, pursuant to which ONE44 purchased a convertible
promissory note (the March 29, 2022 ONE44 Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal
and the interest thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of ONE44 any time after the six-month anniversary of the
March 29, 2022 ONE44 Note. The March 29, 2022 ONE44 Note contained an original discount and debt issue cost for a total of . The
Company used the net proceeds from the March 29, 2022 ONE44 Note for general working capital purposes. The maturity date of the March
29, 2022 ONE44 Note was . The March 29, 2022 ONE44 Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, which interest was payable
in shares of common stock; but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment of such note. 

August
15, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
August 15, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with ONE44, pursuant to which ONE44 purchased a convertible
redeemable note (the August 15, 2022 ONE44 Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal
and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the common stock at the option of ONE44 any time after the six-month anniversary
of the August 15, 2022 ONE44 Note. The transaction contemplated by such purchase agreement closed on August 16, 2022. The August 15,
2022 One44 Note contains an original issue discount amount of . Pursuant to the terms of such purchase agreement, the Company
paid for ONE44 s legal fees. The Company used the net proceeds from the August 15, 2022 ONE44 Note for general working capital
purposes. The maturity date of the August 15, 2022 One44 Note is . The August 15, 2022 ONE44 Note bears interest at a
rate of per annum, which is payable in shares of common stock, but is not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or
by prepayment of such note. 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

February
14, 2023 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
February 14, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with ONE44, pursuant to which ONE44 purchased a convertible
redeemable note (the February 14, 2023 ONE44 Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such
principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the common stock at the option of ONE44 any time after the six-month anniversary
of the February 14, 2023 ONE44 Note. The transaction contemplated by such purchase agreement closed on February 14, 2023. The February
14, 2023 One44 Note contains an original issue discount amount of . Pursuant to the terms of such purchase agreement, the Company
paid for ONE44 s legal fees. The Company intends used the net proceeds from the February 14, 2023 ONE44 Note for general
working capital purposes. The maturity date of the February 14, 2023 One44 Note is . The February 14, 2023 ONE44 Note
bears interest at a rate of per annum, which interest is payable in shares of common stock, but is not payable until the maturity
date or upon acceleration or by prepayment of such note. 

The
following terms apply to all of the above ONE44 notes: 

During
the first 60 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid
interest due under the above notes issued to ONE44, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe ONE44 under the terms of
the note, at a premium ranging from to as defined in the relevant note. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does
not have a right to prepay such note. 

The
conversion price for the above ONE44 notes ranges from to (representing a 35 to 40 discount) of the market price of the common
stock, which is based on the lowest closing bid prices of the common stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery
of a notice of conversion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such notes are subject to 4.99 beneficial ownership limitations. All of the
above ONE44 notes are treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480 and accordingly the Company recorded a total of put premium
of which was recorded during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The
above ONE44 notes contain certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest will become immediately due and payable.
In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal shall accrue at a default interest rate of per annum,
or if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Further, certain
events of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. In the event that the Company fails to deliver to ONE44 shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of principal or interest under a ONE44 note, it will incur a penalty of per day the shares
are not issued beginning on the 4 th day after the conversion notice was delivered to the Company. This penalty increases to
 per day beginning on the 10 th day. In the event that the Company loses the bid price of its common stock on OTC, such
ONE44 note does not incur penalty and instead the outstanding principal amount increases by . 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above ONE44 notes was and accrued interest of as of June 30, 2022, following
conversion of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2022. Accordingly, 
of the put premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect to the ONE44 notes during the year ended June 30, 2022 following
conversion of the principal balance. 

The
total principal amount outstanding under the above ONE44 notes was and accrued interest of as of June 30, 2023, following
conversion of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2023. Accordingly, 
of the put premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect to the purchase agreements with ONE44 during the year ended
June 30, 2023 following conversion of the principal balance (see Note 8). 

PROPANC
BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

GS
Capital Partners Securities Purchase Agreements 

August
12, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
August 12, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the GS Capital Purchase Agreement with GS Capital
Partners, LLC GS Capital ), pursuant to which GS Capital purchased a convertible redeemable note (the GS Capital
Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into
shares of common stock at the option of GS Capital. The transaction contemplated by the GS Capital Purchase Agreement closed on August
16, 2022. The GS Capital Note contains a original issue discount. Pursuant to the terms of the GS Purchase Agreement, the Company
paid for GS Capital s legal fees. The Company used the net proceeds from the GS Capital Note for general working
capital purposes. 

The
maturity date of the GS Capital Note was April 12, 2023, but was extended to in April 2023. The GS Capital Note bears
interest at a rate of per annum, which interest is payable in shares of common stock, but is not payable until the maturity date or
upon acceleration or by prepayment of such note. In the event
of default, such conversion price equals of the lowest trading price of the common stock reported on the OTC Markets or other exchange
for the ten prior trading days, including the day upon which a notice of conversion is received by the Company. The GS Capital Note is
subject to a beneficial ownership limitation. 

Additionally,
such conversion price will be adjusted if the Company issues securities with more favorable conversion terms. Currently, the effective
conversion price of this note is (representing a 40 discount) of the market price, which means the lowest closing bid prices of
the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a Notice of Conversion. 

September
21, 2022 Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
September 21, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with GS Capital, pursuant to which GS Capital purchased
a convertible redeemable note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon
convertible into shares of common stock at the option of GS Capital. The transaction contemplated by such purchase agreement closed on
September 26, 2022. Such note contains a original issue discount. Pursuant to the terms of such purchase agreement, the Company
paid for GS Capital s legal fees. The Company used the net proceeds from such note for general working capital
purposes. 

The
maturity date of such note is March 21, 2023 but was extended to in April 2023. Such note bears interest at a rate of
 per annum, which interest is payable in shares of common stock, but is not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or
by prepayment of such note. In the event of default under such note, such
conversion price becomes of the lowest trading price of the common stock as reported on the OTC Markets or other exchange for the
ten prior trading days, including the day upon which a notice of conversion is received by the Company. Such note is subject to 
beneficial ownership limitations. 

Additionally,
the conversion price will be adjusted in favor of the note holder if the Company issues securities with more favorable conversion terms.
Currently, the effective conversion price of this note is (representing a 40 discount) of the market price, which means the lowest
closing bid prices of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a Notice of Conversion. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

During
the first 60 to 180 days following the date of the above GS Capital notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued
but unpaid interest due under the above notes issued to GS Capital, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe GS Capital
under the terms of the notes, at a premium ranging from to of the principal amount and interest of such note. After this initial
180-day period, the Company does not have a right to prepay such notes. 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of certain events of default, interest accrues at a default interest rate of per annum
or, if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. In the event that
the Company fails to deliver to GS Capital shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of principal or interest under the above GS
Capital notes, the penalty becomes per day for each day that the shares are not issued beginning on the 4 th day after
the conversion notice was delivered to the Company. This penalty increases to per day beginning on the 10 th day. In the
event that the Company loses the bid price of its common stock on OTC, such GS Capital note does not incur penalty and instead the outstanding
principal amount increases by . 

The
total principal outstanding and accrued interest under the above GS Capital notes were and , respectively, as of June 30,
2023, following conversion of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2023. An aggregate
total of of the above GS Capital notes were bifurcated with the embedded conversion option which were recorded as derivative
liabilities at fair value (see Note 12). 

Red
Road Holdings Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
October 6, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Red Road Purchase Agreement with Red Road
Holdings Corporation, a Virginia corporation Red Road ), pursuant to which Red Road purchased a convertible promissory
note (the Red Road Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest
thereon convertible into shares of common stock at the option of Red Road. The transaction contemplated by the Red Road Purchase Agreement
closed on October 12, 2022. The Company used the net proceeds from the Red Road Note for general working capital purposes.
The maturity date of the Note was October 6, 2023. The Red Road Note bore interest at a rate of per annum, which interest was payable
in shares of common stock, but was not payable until the maturity date or upon acceleration or by prepayment of the Red Road Note, as
described below. In addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal accrued at a default interest rate of 
per annum, or if such rate was usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Further,
certain events of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. Red Road had the option to convert all or any amount
of the principal face amount of the Red Road Note, beginning one hundred eighty (180) days following the date of the Red Road Note and
ending on the later of: (i) the maturity date of such note and (ii) the date of payment of the Default Amount (as defined in the Red
Road Note), each in respect of the remaining outstanding amount of the Red Road Note, to convert all or any part of the outstanding and
unpaid amount of the Note into common stock at the then-applicable conversion price. Pursuant to the terms of the Red Road Purchase Agreement,
the Company paid Red Road s legal fees and due diligence expenses in the aggregate amount of which was recorded as a debt
discount. 

The
conversion price for the Red Road Note was equal to the Variable Conversion Price (subject to equitable adjustments for stock splits,
stock dividends or rights offerings by the Company relating to the Company s securities or the securities of any subsidiary of
the Company, combinations, recapitalization, reclassifications, extraordinary distributions and similar events), which was defined as
 of the Market Price (representing a discount rate of 35 which was defined as the average of the lowest three (3) Trading Prices
(as defined in the Red Road Note) for the common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the conversion date. The Red Road Note
is subject to beneficial ownership limitations and was treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480, and accordingly the Company
recorded a total of put premium. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

In
the event that the Company failed to deliver to Red Road shares of common stock upon conversion of the Red Road Note within three business
days of a notice of conversion by Red Road, the Company would incur a penalty of per day. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation
of certain events of default, the Red Road Note will become immediately due and payable and the Company will pay Red Road in full satisfaction
of its obligations in the Note an amount equal to 150 of the outstanding principal amount of the Red Road Note plus any interest accrued
upon such event of default or prior events of default. 

The
total principal amount outstanding and accrued interest under the above Red Road notes was as of June 30, 2023 following conversion
of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2023. Accordingly, of the put
premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect of such purchase agreements with Red Road during the year ended June 30,
2023 following conversion of the principal balance (see Note 8). 

Coventry
Enterprises, LLC Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Coventry Enterprises, LLC Coventry ), pursuant
to which the Company issued Coventry a promissory note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal
and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock following an event of default (the Coventry
Note ). The Coventry Note contains a original issue discount. The Company used the net proceeds of from the Coventry
Note for general working capital purposes. 

The
Coventry Note bears interest at a rate of per annum, with in guaranteed interest. The principal amount and the guaranteed
interest is due and payable in seven equal monthly payments of , commencing on March 24, 2023 and continuing on the 24th day of
each month thereafter until paid in full not later than October 24, 2023, or such earlier date as the Coventry Note is required or permitted
to be repaid and to pay such other interest to Coventry on the aggregate unconverted and then-outstanding principal amount of the Coventry
Note in accordance with the provisions thereof. Any or all of the principal amount and guaranteed interest may be pre-paid at any time
and from time to time, in each case without penalty or premium. 

Additionally,
in the event that the Company files with the SEC a qualified offering statement on Form 1-A and such note has been outstanding for four
months since its issuance, Coventry has the right to convert all or portion of such note, including guaranteed interest, into shares
of common stock at the offering price used in connection with such offering. 

At
any time following an event of default under the Coventry Note, it becomes convertible, in whole or in part, into shares of Common Stock
at the option of Coventry, at any time and from time to time thereafter (subject to the beneficial ownership limitations set forth therein).
The conversion price of the Coventry Note is ninety percent (90 per share of the lowest per-share VWAP during the twenty (20) trading-day
period before the conversion (each, a Calculated Conversion Price ). In the event that, within 30 calendar days either before
or after any conversion, the conversion price of which is based upon a Calculated Conversion Price, the Company consummates (in whole
or in part) any financing (whether such financing is equity, equity-equivalent, or debt or any combination thereof) or for any other
reason issues any shares of common stock or any common stock equivalents at a price less than the most recent Calculated Conversion Price
(the Alternative Conversion Price ), regardless of when that note or instrument was originated, then, at the option of Coventry,
(i) if the conversion has not yet occurred, then the Alternative Conversion Price will be substituted for the Calculated Conversion Price
and (ii) if the conversion has occurred, then, within two trading days following Coventry s written request, the Company is required
to issue to Coventry that number of shares of Common Stock equivalent to the difference between the number of shares of Common Stock
that had been issued using the Calculated Conversion Price and the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued using
the Alternative Conversion Price. Accordingly, the Coventry note is treated as stock settled debt under ASC 480 and the Company recorded
a total of put premium during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of certain events of default, interest on the Coventry Note accrues at a default interest
rate equal to the lesser of (i) 18 per annum or (ii) the maximum rate permitted by law. Subject to the beneficial ownership limitation
in the Coventry Note, if any event of default occurs, then the outstanding principal amount guaranteed interest plus accrued but unpaid
default rate interest, liquidated damages and other amounts owing on the Coventry Note through the date of acceleration becomes immediately
due and payable at Coventry s option, in cash or in shares of common stock at the mandatory default amount, which is equal to 120 
of all such amounts due on the Coventry Note. If the Company fails to deliver to Coventry such shares, the Company is required to pay
in cash an amount equal to the amount that the value of such shares exceeds the principal amount and interest of the attempted conversion. 

As
an additional inducement to Coventry entering into such agreement, the Company issued to Coventry shares of common stock on the
issuance date of the Coventry Note, which was valued using the relative fair value method at and recognized as debt discount
to be amortized over the term of such note. 

The
Company failed to make the first installment payment due in March 2023 which is considered an event of default. The Company recorded
a default penalty of as additional principal as of June 30, 2023. 

The
total principal amount outstanding and accrued interest under the above Coventry note was including the default penalty as of
June 30, 2023 following conversion of of the principal balance and accrued interest during the year ended June 30, 2023.
Accordingly, of the put premium was released to additional paid in capital in respect of such purchase agreements with Coventry
during the year ended June 30, 2023 following conversion of the principal balance (see Note 8). In July 2023, the Company fully paid
the remaining principal and accrued interest for a total of (see Note 13). 

Convertible note in default 

The Coventry Note is currently past due and in default, consisting of 
principal including default penalty and accrued interest, which includes interest accruing at the default interest rate at . 

Amortization
of debt discounts 

The
Company recorded and of debt discounts related to the above note issuances during the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. The Company recorded and of put premiums related to the above note issuances during the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The debt discounts are being amortized over the term of the debt and the put premiums are expensed
on issuance of the debt with the liability released to additional paid in capital on conversion of the principal. 

Amortization
of all debt discounts for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

The
Company reclassified and in put premiums to additional paid in capital following conversions during the year ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Taxes under statutory US tax
 rates 

Increase (decrease) in valuation
 allowance 

Prior period adjustment 
 
 - 
 
 Foreign tax rate differential 

Income tax rate change 
 - 

Other 

Income
 tax (expense) benefit 
 - 
 - 

The
Company reflects a tax benefit on its consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss) in 2023 and 2022 of 
and , respectively. These amounts are research and development tax credits and are not considered income tax. 

On
March 27, 2020, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act) was enacted in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 In addition, the CARES Act allows NOLs incurred in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to be carried back to each of the five preceding
taxable years to generate a refund of previously paid income taxes. 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets and liabilities
consist of the following: 

Accrued Expenses 

Prepaid Investor Services 

Non-cash interest 

Intangibles (Intellectual
 Property and Patent Cost) 

Deferred Rent 

Formation Expense 

Net Operating Loss carryforward 

Foreign Exchange Loss (OCI) 

Revalue of derivative liability 

Stock
 Based Compensation 

Total Deferred tax assets 

Deferred
 tax liabilities 

Research and Development 

Gain on extinguishment of
 debt 

Capital
 Raising Costs 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation
 allowance 

Net
 deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company had U.S. net operating loss carry forwards of that may be offset against future taxable income,
subject to limitation under IRC Section 382. Of the approximately million of net operating loss carryforwards, million will
begin to expire in 2024 and the remaining million will not expire but is subject to annual usage limitations. The Australian tax
rate changed from in 2021 to in 2022 and remained at during 2023. At June 30, 2023, the Company had Australia net operating
loss carry forwards of which can be carried forward without expiration. tax benefit has been reported in the June 30,
2023 and 2022 consolidated financial statements due to the uncertainty surrounding the realizability of the benefit, based on a more
likely than not criteria and in consideration of available positive and negative evidence. 

The
Company applied the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to all tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return, which resulted in unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Management
has determined that the realization of the net deferred tax asset is not assured and has created a valuation allowance for the entire
amount of such benefits. 

The
Company follows ASC 740-10, which provides guidance for the recognition and measurement of certain tax positions in an enterprise s
financial statements. Recognition involves a determination whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon
examination with the presumption that the tax position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority having full knowledge of
all relevant information. 

The
Company s policy is to record interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as additional income taxes in the
consolidated statement of operations. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits. There were changes in the
Company s unrecognized tax benefits during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company did not recognize any interest or
penalties during fiscal 2023 or 2022 related to unrecognized tax benefits. 

The
income tax returns filed for the tax years from inception will be subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. 

to shares. The number of authorized
shares of preferred stock remained at shares, such that the total number of authorized shares of capital stock increased to
 shares. Such certificate of amendment was filed and became effective on July 6, 2022. 

On
September 21, 2022, the board of directors of the Company approved and authorized, and the holders of a majority-in-interest of the Company s
voting capital stock approved by written consent for the Company to file a certificate of amendment to its Certificate of Incorporation,
which increased the Company s authorized capital stock. The Certificate increased the number of authorized shares of common stock
from to shares. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock remained at , such that the
total number of shares of authorized capital stock increased to shares. Such certificate of amendment was filed and became
effective on November 4, 2022. 

On
May 1, 2023, the Company filed a certificate of amendment to its certificate of incorporation, as amended, to effect a Reverse Stock Split (the Reverse Stock Split ), effective as of May 1, 2023. Proportional adjustments for the
Reverse Stock Split were made to the Company s outstanding stock options, warrants and equity incentive plans. All share and per-share
data and amounts have been retroactively adjusted as of the earliest period presented in the consolidated financial statements to reflect
the Reverse Stock Split. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Preferred Stock 

The
total number of shares of preferred stock that the Company is authorized to issue is , par value per share. These preferred
shares have no rights to dividends, profit sharing or liquidation preferences, subject to any such rights provided for such shares in
any certificate of designation filed by the Company with the State of Delaware. 

Of
the total preferred shares authorized, had been designated as Series A Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ),
pursuant to the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Preferred Stock filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
on December 9, 2014. James Nathanielsz, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and a director, beneficially
owned all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock indirectly through North Horizon Pty Ltd., which entitled him, as a holder
of Series A Preferred Stock, to vote on all matters submitted or required to be submitted to a vote of the Company s stockholders,
except election and removal of directors, and each share of Series A Preferred Stock entitled him to a total of 1 vote. North Horizon
Pty Ltd. is a Nathanielsz Family Trust. Mr. Nathanielsz had voting and investment power over these shares. 

On
March 15, 2023, the Company filed a certificate with the Secretary of State of Delaware (the Certificate of Retirement ),
effecting the retirement and cancellation of the Series A Preferred Stock to eliminate such Series A Preferred Stock. shares of Series
A Preferred Stock are currently outstanding as they were redeemed by the Company in March 2023. There were and shares of
Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Pursuant
to a certificate of designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 16, 2015, five shares of preferred
stock have been designated as Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, of the Company Series B Preferred Stock ).
Each holder of shares of Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to voting power equivalent to the number of votes equal to the total number
of shares of common stock outstanding as of the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at each meeting of
stockholders of the Company and entitled to vote on all matters submitted or required to be submitted to a vote of the stockholders of
the Company. share of Series B Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. Mr. Nathanielsz, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, directly beneficially owns such one share of Series B Preferred Stock. 

additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock or Series B Preferred Stock were issued during fiscal year 2023 and 2022. 

Common
Stock 

Shares
issued under the Equity Lines 

Dutchess
Capital Growth Fund LP 

On
November 30, 2021, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Dutchess Capital
Growth Fund LP, a Delaware limited partnership, Dutchess ), providing for an equity financing facility (the Equity
Line ). The Purchase Agreement provides that upon the terms and subject to the conditions in the Purchase Agreement, Dutchess is
committed to purchase up to Five Million Dollars of shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock ),
over the -month term of the Purchase Agreement (the Total Commitment ). 

Under
the terms of the Purchase Agreement, Dutchess will not be obligated to purchase shares of Common Stock unless and until certain conditions
are met, including but not limited to a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement becoming effective
which registers Dutchess resale of any Common Stock purchased by Dutchess under the Equity Line. From time to time over the 36-month
term of the Purchase Agreement, commencing on the trading day immediately following the date on which the Registration Statement becomes
effective, the Company, in our sole discretion, may provide Dutchess with a draw down notice (each, a Draw Down Notice ),
to purchase a specified number of shares of Common Stock (each, a Draw Down Amount Requested ), subject to the limitations
discussed below. The actual amount of proceeds the Company will receive pursuant to each Draw Down Notice (each, a Draw Down Amount is to be determined by multiplying the Draw Down Amount Requested by the applicable purchase price. The purchase price of each share
of Common Stock equals of the lowest trading price of the Common Stock during the five (5) business days prior to the Closing Date.
Closing Date shall mean the five (5) business days after the Clearing Date. Clearing Date shall mean the first business day that the
Selling Shareholder holds the Draw Down Amount in its brokerage account and is eligible to trade the shares. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
maximum number of shares of Common Stock requested to be purchased pursuant to any single Draw Down Notice cannot exceed the lesser of
(i) of the average daily share volume of the Common Stock in the five (5) trading days immediately preceding the Draw Down Notice
or (ii) an aggregate value of . 

The
Company agreed to pay to Dutchess a commitment fee for entering into the Purchase Agreement of restricted shares of the Company s
common stock. The shares of common stock were valued at approximately per share or , being the closing price of the
stock on November 30, 2021, the date of grant. The shares were issued on December 10, 2021. The Company initially recorded deferred offering
cost of . The Company deferred these costs until such time that the associated financings were completed. Upon completion and
recognition of the proceeds, any deferred offering costs will be reported as a direct deduction from the amount of the proceeds received
as a charge to additional paid in capital. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the deferred offering cost was directly deducted
from the proceeds received below. 

Between
April 5, 2022 and June 30, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an average price per share of
approximately , as a result of delivering four draw down notices to the Investor. Consequently, the Company received gross aggregate
proceeds of and subscription receivable of from such draw down notice. The Company collected the subscription
receivable in August 2022. 

On
July 13, 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock at an average price per share of approximately , as a result of
delivering one Dutchess Draw Down Notice to Dutchess. Consequently, the Company received gross aggregate proceeds of from such
Dutchess Draw Down Notice. The Company received of a previously recorded subscription receivable during the year ended June 30,
2023. 

Coventry
Enterprises, LLC 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the Coventry Purchase Agreement with Coventry
providing for an equity financing facility (the Coventry Equity Line ). The Purchase Agreement provides that, upon the terms
and subject to the conditions in the Purchase Agreement, Coventry is committed to purchase up to Five Million Dollars of
shares of common stock over the month term of the Purchase Agreement. 

Under
the terms of the Coventry Purchase Agreement, Coventry will not be obligated to purchase shares of common stock unless and until certain
conditions are met, including but not limited to a registration statement on Form S-1 becoming effective which registers Coventry s
resale of any common stock purchased by Coventry under the Coventry Equity Line. From time to time over the 36-month term of the Coventry
Purchase Agreement, commencing on the trading day immediately following the date on which such registration statement becomes effective,
the Company, in its sole discretion, may provide Coventry with a draw down notice (each, a Coventry Draw Down Notice ),
to purchase a specified number of shares of common stock (each, a Coventry Draw Down Amount Requested ), subject to the
limitations discussed below. The actual amount of proceeds the Company will receive pursuant to each Coventry Draw Down Notice (each,
a Coventry Draw Down Amount is to be determined by multiplying the Coventry Draw Down Amount Requested by the applicable
purchase price. The purchase price of each share of common stock equals 80 of the lowest volume weighted average price of the Common
Stock during the 10 business days immediately preceding the Coventry Drawdown Notice date. 

The
maximum number of shares of common stock requested to be purchased pursuant to any single Coventry Draw Down Notice cannot exceed the
lesser of (i) of the average daily traded value of the common stock during the 10 business days immediately preceding the Coventry
Draw Down Notice, (ii) or (iii) an amount that would cause Coventry s beneficial ownership to exceed of the outstanding
number of shares of common stock immediately after giving effect to the issuance of the Coventry Draw Down Notice. During the year ended
June 30, 2023, the Company has not received a Coventry Draw Down Notice. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares
issued for conversion of convertible debt 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock and common stock issuable of 
at average contractual conversion prices ranging from to , as a result of the conversion of principal of , interest of
 and conversion fees underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during the year. The total recorded to
equity was including the discussed below. The common stock issuable of shares were issued on July 12, 2022. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, converted notes - principal of and accrued interest of contained bifurcated embedded conversion
option derivatives. Accordingly, the fair market value of the shares issued upon conversion was resulting in a loss on extinguishment
at the time of conversion of and of derivative liability fair value was recorded as a gain on extinguishment at the time
of conversion. The Company reclassified to additional paid in capital following conversions of notes accounted for as stock
settled debt during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock and common stock issuable of 
at average contractual conversion price of , as a result of the conversion of principal of , interest of and conversion
fees underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during the year. The total recorded to equity was including
the discussed above. The common stock issuable of shares were issued in July 2023. 

Included
in the above conversion during the year ended June 30, 2023 were principal aggregate amount of convertible notes of , accrued
interest of and conversion fees of containing bifurcated embedded conversion option derivatives were converted into common
stock. Accordingly, the fair market value of the shares issued upon conversion was , resulting in a loss on extinguishment at
the time of conversion of and of derivative liability fair value was recorded as a gain on extinguishment at the time
of conversion, resulting in a net loss of which is included in gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

The
Company has shares of its common stock reserved for future issuances based on lender reserve requirements pursuant to underlying
financing agreements at June 30, 2023. 

Shares
issued for services and accrued expenses 

On
August 12, 2021, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock for bonus payable of as
of June 30, 2021 to an employee who is the wife of the CEO of the Company. The shares of common stock were valued at approximately
 per share or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on August 17, 2021. The Company
recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended June 30, 2022 and reclassified bonus payable of to additional
paid in capital upon issuance. 

On
August 12, 2021, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock for legal services rendered for the
month of August 2021. The shares of common stock were valued at approximately per share or , being the closing price of
the stock on August 31, 2021, the date of grant. The shares were issued on September 3, 2021. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
of during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

In
September 2021, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services rendered from July 2021
to September 2021 valued at approximately per share or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such
consultant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
January 20, 2022, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock for legal services rendered in January
2022. The shares of common stock were valued at approximately per share or , being the average closing prices of the stock
for the month of January 2022, the date of grant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended June
30, 2022. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

On
January 24, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services rendered from October
2021 to December 2021. The Company issued shares of the Company s common stock valued at approximately per share or ,
being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of 
during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
February 17, 2022, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services rendered
upon the termination of the consulting agreement (see Note 9). The Company valued the shares at approximately per share or 
being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. The shares were issued on April 7, 2022. The Company recorded
stock-based compensation of during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
April 13, 2022, the Company issued shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services rendered from January
2022 to March 2022. The Company issued shares of the Company s common stock valued at approximately per share or ,
being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of 
during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
June 30, 2022, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services rendered
from April 2022 to June 2022. The shares was reflected as common stock issuable and was valued at approximately per share
or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
of during the year ended June 30, 2022. The common stock issuable of shares were issued on July 1, 2022. 

On
October 25, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant for services rendered in October 2022. The Company
valued these shares based on quoted trading prices on the date of grant at per share or which was recorded as stock-based
consulting expense during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a consultant for services rendered from July 2022 to November
2022. Those shares were valued at approximately per share or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant
to such consultant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On
June 30, 2023, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to a consultant for services rendered
from April 2023 to June 2023. The shares was reflected as common stock issuable and was valued at approximately per share
or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant to such consultant. The Company recorded stock-based compensation
of during the year ended June 30, 2023. The common stock issuable of shares were issued on July 10, 2023. 

Nathanielsz
Cancellation Agreement 

On
August 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Cancellation Agreement with James Nathanielsz Nathanielsz ), Chief Executive
Officer and Director of the Company, whereby Nathanielsz agreed to cancel his cash compensation bonus award for fiscal year 2021, ended
June 30, 2021, in exchange for common stock of the Company. The Company and Nathanielsz entered into an Amended and Restated Employment
Agreement dated May 14, 2019 (the Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, Nathanielsz was eligible to earn
an annual fiscal year cash performance bonus for each fiscal year of his employment period with the Company with a target performance
bonus of of his average annualized base salary during the fiscal year for which the performance bonus is earned. On July 20, 2021,
Nathanielsz was awarded a target bonus of , or USD (the Debt for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2021, by the Company s Board of Directors (the Board ). Pursuant to the Cancellation Agreement, Nathanielsz agreed
to cancel this Debt in exchange for shares of the common stock of the Company (the Shares ), valued at approximately
 per share or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on August 17, 2021. The
Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended June 30, 2022 and reclassified bonus payable of to
additional paid in capital upon issuance. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Kenyon
Cancellation Agreement 

On
August 12, 2021, the Company entered into a Cancellation Agreement with Dr. Julian Kenyon Kenyon ), Chief Scientific Officer
and Director of the Company, whereby Kenyon agreed to cancel of USD of accrued salary due him as of June 30, 2021, pursuant
to that certain Amended and Restated Services Agreement by and between Kenyon and the Company, dated May 14, 2019, in exchange for 
shares of common stock of the Company (the Shares ), valued at approximately per share or , being the closing
price of the stock on the date of grant. The shares were issued on August 17, 2021. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of
 during the year ended June 30, 2022 and reclassified accrued expenses of to additional paid in capital upon issuance. 

Zelinger
Amended and Restated Director Agreement 

On
August 12, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Director Agreement (the Director Agreement with Josef
Zelinger Zelinger ). Pursuant to the terms of the Director Agreement, the Company shall pay Zelinger a base salary of 
AUD USD) per month, payable on the first day of each month. In addition, the Company may compensate Zelinger additional consideration
for advisory services performed by the Director, either in the form of cash or common stock, at the discretion of the Board. The Company
issued shares of common stock of the Company for accrued director services of as of June 30, 2021. The shares of
common stock were valued at approximately per share or , being the closing price of the stock on the date of grant. The shares
were issued on August 17, 2021. The Company recorded stock-based compensation of during the year ended June 30, 2022 and reclassified
accrued expenses of to additional paid in capital upon issuance. 

Shares
issued for exercise of warrants 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of from the exercise of Series B Warrants with
an exercise price of per share and issued shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of from the exercise of approximately Series
B Warrants with an exercise price of per share and issued shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock from the alternate cashless exercise of Series A
warrants with an original exercise price of and alternate cashless exercise price of or the par value of common stock. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock and common stock issuable of 
from the alternate cashless exercise of Series A warrants with an original exercise price of and alternate cashless exercise
price of or the par value of common stock. 

The
Alternate Cashless Exercise provision, for a cashless conversion at the holder s option, is available should the trading price
of the Company s common stock fall below per share calculated based on the difference between the exercise price of the
Series A Warrant and of the market price. The Company recognized the value of the effect of a down round feature in such warrants
when triggered. Upon the occurrence of the triggering event that resulted in a reduction of the strike price, the Company measured the
value of the effect of the feature as the difference between the fair value of the warrants without the down round feature or before
the strike price reduction and the fair value of the warrants with a strike price corresponding to the reduced strike price upon the
down round feature being triggered. Accordingly, the Company recognized deemed dividend of and , during the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and a corresponding reduction of income available to common stockholders upon the alternate cashless
exercise of these warrants. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares
issued in connection with a convertible note 

On
November 3, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with Coventry, pursuant to which Coventry purchased a promissory
note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of (see Note 6). As an additional inducement to the Coventry purchasing
the note, the Company, as of the original issue date and for no additional consideration, issued to Coventry an aggregate of shares
of the common stock, which were valued using the relative fair value method at and recognized as debt discount to be amortized
over the term of the Coventry Note. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Pursuant
to employment agreements dated in May 2019, the Company granted an aggregate of and restricted stock unit to the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Scientific Officer, respectively. The total restricted stock units are subject to vesting terms
as defined in the employment agreements. The restricted stock units were valued at the fair value of approximately per
unit or based on the quoted trading price on the date of grant. There were unrecognized restricted stock units expense
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. There are unvested restricted stock units which are subject to various performance conditions which
have not yet been met and such restricted stock units have not yet vested as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 to which the relates. 

Stock
Options 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Outstanding and Exercisable: 

Weighted average remaining contractual term 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the period 
 - 

Aggregate intrinsic value 
 - 

On
the Effective Date, the Company s board of directors approved and adopted the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019
Plan ), which reserves a total of shares of the Company s common stock for issuance under the 2019 Plan. Incentive awards
authorized under the 2019 Plan include, but are not limited to, incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock
awards and restricted stock units. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of and related to vested stock options.
There was of unvested stock options expense as of June 30, 2023. 

stock options were granted during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Stock
Warrants 

Issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 Exercised 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Outstanding and Exercisable: 

Weighted average remaining contractual term 

Aggregate intrinsic value 
 - 

above which are exercisable into common stock consisted of the following: 

Series B warrants 

Series C warrants 

Warrants with no class designation 

Total 

In
connection with the issuance of shares on April 3, 2020, In addition to the Units, the Investor was issued warrants to purchase one share of
Common Stock (the Series B Warrants and an additional warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock, subject to a
vesting schedule (the Series C Warrants and, together with the Prefunded Warrants, the Series A Warrants, and the Series
B Warrants, the Warrants ). Due to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, the Company granted Prefunded Warrants with exercise
price of (but can be less than par value). The Prefunded Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and shall expire when exercised
in full. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Series
A Warrants 

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into March 20, 2020 as discussed above, the Investor purchased Series A Warrants to purchase
up to shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided therein. The Series A Warrants have a cash exercise price of 
per share and are immediately exercisable and expire in years (see extension noted below). The Series A Warrants contain a provision
for cashless exercise in the event there is no effective registration statement registering the shares underlying the Series A Warrants
calculated based on the difference between the exercise price of the Series A Warrant and the trading price of the stock (the Cashless
Exercise ). Additionally, See above Shares issued for exercise of warrants for discussion of deemed dividend related to
alternate cashless exercise. 

Series
B Warrants 

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into March 20, 2020 as discussed above, the Investor purchased Series B Warrants to purchase
up to shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided therein; provided, however, commencing on the 90th day following the
effective date, the Company may reduce the number of Warrant Shares issuable upon exercise thereof by upon Trading Days 
prior written notice to the Holder provided that the Company issues to the Holder shares of Common Stock (or, at the election of the
Holder, an equivalent number of pre-funded warrants) and Series A Warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock, which shares shall
be issued pursuant to a registration statement without restrictions on resale. The Series B Warrants have a cash exercise price of 
per share and expire in years (see extension noted below). The Series B Warrants contain a provision for Cashless Exercise. 

Series
C Warrants 

Pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement entered into March 20, 2020 as discussed above, the Investor purchased Series C Warrants to purchase
up to shares of Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided therein and expire in years (see extension noted below). The Series
C Warrants have a cash exercise price of per share, subject to a vesting schedule, which is based on such Holder s exercise
of the Series B Warrants (warrants shall be exercisable ratably upon exercise of Series B Warrants). The Series C Warrants contain provisions
for Cashless Exercise and Alternate Cashless Exercise. See above Shares issued for exercise of warrants for discussion
of deemed dividend related to alternate cashless exercise. 

Letter Agreement to Extend Termination
Dates. 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company agreed with the holder of Series B Warrants (the Holder pursuant to a letter agreement to exercise
up to of Series B Warrants currently held as follows: 

1. 
 Effective
 upon the execution of such letter agreement, the Holder will exercise Series B Warrants for an aggregate exercise price of ,
 or shares of common stock (the Existing Warrants and; 

2. 
 Within
 5 business days written notice to the Holder from the Company of receipt of approval by the Financial Industry Regulatory
 Authority, Inc. FINRA of the Company s next anticipated reverse stock split, an additional of Series
 B Warrants for shares of common stock. 

As
an inducement to exercise the Existing Warrants, the Company agreed to extend the termination date of the Existing Warrants and the Series
A Warrants held by the Holder to March 27, 2025, and to extend the termination date of the Series C Warrants held by the Holder to the
third anniversary of the last vesting date of such warrants, effective upon the exercise of the first of Existing Warrants. 

In
accordance with ASC 815-40-35-17(c), the effect of a modification or an exchange of an equity classified freestanding written call option
shall be measured as the difference between the fair value of the modified instrument and the fair value of that instrument immediately
before it is modified. The Company recognized the effect of the modifications of the warrants above that is directly attributable to
an actual equity offering as an equity issuance cost which amount is not material. The modified warrants are determined to be equity
classified, accordingly, the incremental fair value and equity issuance cost were both recognized in additional paid in capital and therefore,
there was no effect in equity and such value is de minimis. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Warrants Issued to Vendors 

On
August 16, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a certain consultant to provide services over a three-month period in exchange
for warrants to purchase common stock at per share with an expiry date of . The fair market value of the warrants
was on the date of grant as calculated under the Black Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price
at valuation date of based on quoted trading price on date of grant, exercise price of , dividend yield of , years to maturity
of , a risk-free rate of , and expected volatility 236 . The Company recorded of stock-based compensation expenses with
respect to the grant of such warrants during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On
August 16, 2022, the Company and a third-party investor relations consultant agreed to settle an outstanding payable of in exchange
for warrants to purchase common stock at per share with an expiry date of August 16, 2025. The fair market value of the warrants
was on the date of grant as calculated under the Black Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: stock price
at valuation date of based on quoted trading price on date of grant, exercise price of , dividend yield of , years to maturity
of , a risk-free rate of , and expected volatility of 236 . Accordingly, the Company recognized gain from settlement of debt
of during the year ended June 30, 2023 as reflected in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Exercise
of Warrants 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of from the exercise of Series B Warrants and
issued shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock from the alternate cashless exercise of Series A
warrants. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of from the exercise of approximately Series
B Warrants with an exercise price of per share and issued shares of common stock. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock and common stock issuable of 
from the alternate cashless exercise of Series A warrants with an original exercise price of and alternate cashless exercise
price of or the par value of common stock. 

per year, or in total, plus accrued interest, such
penalty and interest having been accrued and is included in the accrued expenses and other payable figure on the June 30, 2023 and 2022
consolidated balance sheets. The Company recorded the penalties for all three years during the year ended June 30, 2018. The Company
is current on all subsequent filings. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Operating
Agreements 

In
November 2009, the Company entered into a commercialization agreement with the University of Bath (UK) (the UK University ),
whereby the Company and the UK University co-owned the intellectual property relating to the Company s pro-enzyme formulations.
In June 2012, the Company and the UK University entered into an assignment and amendment whereby the Company assumed full ownership of
the intellectual property, while agreeing to pay royalties of of net revenues to the UK University. Additionally, the Company agreed
to pay of each and every license agreement subscribed for. The contract is cancellable at any time by either party. To date, no amounts
are owed under the agreement. 

Collaboration
Agreement 

On
September 13, 2018, the Company entered into a two-year collaboration agreement with the University of Ja n (the University to provide certain research services to the Company. In consideration of such services, the Company agreed to pay the University approximately
 
 Euros 
 USD) in year one and a maximum of 
 Euros 
 USD) in year two. Additionally, in exchange for
full ownership of the intellectual property, the Company agreed to pay royalties of 
 of net revenues to the University. On October
1, 2020, the Company entered into another two-year collaboration agreement with the University to provide certain research services to
the Company. In consideration of such services, the Company agreed to pay the University approximately 
 Euros 
 USD), which were paid in four installment payment
of 
 Euros in November 2020, 
 Euros in March 2021, 
 Euros in December 2021 and 
 Euros in September 2022. Additionally, the University agreed to hire and train a doctoral student for this project and the Company agreed to
pay the University 
 Euros 
 USD). In exchange for full ownership of the intellectual
property, the Company agreed to pay royalties of 
 of net revenues to the University. 

On
July 27, 2022, the Company entered into a two-year research agreement with the University to provide certain research and experiment
services to the Company. One of the Company s Scientific Advisory Board is the lead joint researcher of the University.
In exchange for full ownership of the intellectual property, the Company agreed to pay royalties of 
 of net revenues each to two members of the Scientific
Advisory Board. In consideration of such services, the Company agreed to pay the University approximately 
 Euros 
 USD) payable as follows: 

-
 Euros USD) upon execution (paid in August 2022), 

 -
 Euros USD) in September 2022 (unpaid), 

 -
 Euros USD) in December 2022 (unpaid), 

 -
 Euros USD) in March 2023 (unpaid), and 

 -
 Euros USD) in July 2023. 

The
commencement date for the experiments was on September 1, 2022, and the estimated length of time for completion is 24 months. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company has and , respectively, balance due to the University for unreimbursed lab fees,
which are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. As of June 30, 2023 and
2022, there are royalty fees owed to the University. 

Consulting
Agreement 

On
October 1, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Consulting Agreement with a consultant who will
assist in the development of the Company s business and financing activities. The consultant will serve initially as an independent
contractor, and upon certain mutually agreed upon conditions being met, will be appointed Vice Chairman, President and Interim CFO. The
term of the Consulting Agreement was for three years commencing on October 1, 2021 and can be terminated by either party upon 30 day
written notice. The monthly payment per the Consulting Agreement was . The Company was to issue shares of common stock equal to
1 of the total issued and outstanding shares at the end of each year of service and to be expensed upon date of grant. On February 17,
2022, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to such consultant for services rendered
upon the termination of the Consulting Agreement (see Note 8). 

On
July 1, 2022, the Company and a consultant agreed to extend the term of a consulting agreement from July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023 to
provide media-related services for a monthly fee of . In addition, the Company agreed to pay a stock fee equal to of the
outstanding common stock of the Company during the term of the agreement. The Company agreed to increase the consultant s diluted
holdings back to and accrue the value of the common stock at each reporting period until June 30, 2023. All service fees are non-refundable.
In November 2022, the Company and the consultant agreed to discontinue the monthly cash portion fee. On November 16, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock to this consultant for services rendered from July 2022 to November 2022. Additionally, on June
30, 2023, the Board approved the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock to this consultant for services rendered
from April 2023 to June 2023 (see Note 8). Accordingly, the Company has balance owed to such consultant as of June 30, 2023. 

Operating
Leases 

On
May 4, 2022, the Company entered in a three -year lease agreement with North Horizon Pty Ltd., a related party, (see Note 10) for a monthly
rent of AUD or USD (depending on exchange rate) per month plus taxes. On May 4, 2022, the Company recorded right-of-use
assets and total lease liabilities of based on an incremental borrowing rate of . 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Reduction of lease liability 

Less: office lease, current portion 

Long term portion of lease liability 

Fiscal Year 2025 

Imputed interest 

Total operating lease liability 

The
weighted average remaining lease term for the operating lease is years as of June 30, 2023. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

and , respectively, related to expenses paid
on behalf of the Company related to corporate startup costs and intellectual property (see Note 4). 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owed its former director a total of and , respectively, for money loaned to the
Company, throughout the years. The total loans balance owed at June 30, 2023 and 2022 is not interest bearing (see Note 5). 

Effective
May 5, 2016, the Company entered into an agreement for the lease of its principal executive offices with North Horizon Pty Ltd., a related
party, of which Mr. Nathanielsz, our CEO, CFO and a director, and his wife are owners and directors. The lease had a five-year term and
provided for annual rental payments of AUD or USD, which includes AUD or USD of goods and service tax for
total payments of AUD or USD during the term of the lease. On May 4, 2022, the Company entered into a three-year lease agreement with North Horizon Pty
Ltd. for a monthly rent of AUD or USD (depending on exchange rate) per month plus taxes (See Note 9). As of June 30, 2023
and 2022, total rent payable of AUD USD) and AUD USD), respectively, was included in accrued expenses
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Rent expense under those lease was and in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively
and reflected as occupancy expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

Employment
and Services Agreements with Management 

The
Company and Mr. Nathanielsz entered into an employment agreement as of February 25, 2015 (the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of Mr. Nathanielsz s employment as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer.
The Nathanielsz Employment Agreement was scheduled to expire on ; however, the term of the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement
automatically renews for successive one-year periods unless either party provides 30 days prior written notice of his or its intent
not to renew. The Nathanielsz Employment Agreement continues in effect as of June 30, 2023, as amended on October 26, 2022 (see below).
The Nathanielsz Employment Agreement provides Mr. Nathanielsz with a base salary of AUD per month AUD annually or 
USD) and a monthly contribution to Mr. Nathanielsz s pension equal to of his monthly salary. Mr. Nathanielsz has the ability
to convert any accrued but unpaid salary into common stock at the end of each fiscal year at a conversion price to be determined by Mr.
Nathanielsz and the Company, which will in no event be lower than par value or higher than the closing bid price on the date of conversion.
Pursuant to the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement, Mr. Nathanielsz is entitled to an annual discretionary bonus in an amount up to 
of his annual base salary, which bonus shall be determined by the Company s board of directors based upon the performance of the
Company. On March 16, 2018, the Company s board of directors approved an increase of Mr. Nathanielsz s annual base salary
from AUD USD) to AUD USD), effective February 2018. On August 1, 2022, the Company s board
of directors approved an increase of Mr. Nathanielsz s annual base salary from AUD USD) to AUD 
USD), effective July 1, 2022. 

Mr.
Nathanielsz s wife, Sylvia Nathanielsz, is and has been a non-executive, part-time employee of the Company since October 2015.
Effective February 1, 2018, Mrs. Nathanielsz receives an annual salary of AUD USD) and is entitled to customary benefits. 

Pursuant
to a February 25, 2016 board resolution, James Nathanielsz is paid AUD USD), on a monthly basis for the purpose of acquiring
and maintaining an automobile. For the year ended June 30, 2022, a total of AUD USD) in payments have been made with respect
to Mr. Nathanielsz s car allowance which expired in August 2022. No payments were made during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On
August 12, 2021, the Board approved a bonus of USD. A total of AUD USD) in payments were made against the
bonuses during the year ended June 30, 2021 resulting in a remaining balance of AUD USD) bonus payable as of June
30, 2021 which was included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. On August 12, 2021, pursuant to the Cancellation
Agreement, Mr. Nathanielsz agreed to cancel of the bonus payable in exchange for shares of the Company s Common
Stock. On August 1, 2022, the Board approved a bonus of AUD or USD. A total of AUD USD) in payments
were made in respect of the bonuses during the year ended June 30, 2022 resulting in a remaining balance of AUD USD)
bonus payable as of June 30, 2022, which was included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. A total of
 AUD USD) in payments were made in respect of the bonuses during the year ended June 30, 2023, resulting in a remaining
balance of AUD USD) bonus payable as of June 30, 2023 which was included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement 

On
May 14, 2019 (the Effective Date ), the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Employment
Agreement with Mr. Nathanielsz for a term of three years, subject to automatic one-year renewals, at an annual salary of 
AUD USD). Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Nathanielsz was granted options to purchase shares of common stock
(the Nathanielsz Options ), with an exercise price per share of of the closing market price of the common
stock on May 14, 2019 (or ), the date of approval of such grant by the Board), (ii) restricted stock units of the Company
(the Initial Nathanielsz RSUs ), and (iii) an additional restricted stock units of the Company (the Additional
Nathanielsz RSUs ). Such options and restricted stock units were granted pursuant to the 2019 Plan approved by the Board on the
Effective Date. The Nathanielsz Options have a term of years from the date of grant. The Nathanielsz Options and Additional Nathanielsz
RSU s are subject to vesting periods pursuant to the Employment Agreement. There are vested options and restricted stock
units that are considered issuable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

On
October 26, 2022, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Amended Agreement with Mr.
Nathanielsz, effective as of July 1, 2022, (the 2022 Effective Date ). The Amended Agreement provides Mr. Nathanielsz with
a base salary of AUD USD) per annum. The Company has also agreed to pay Mr. Nathanielsz an annual discretionary bonus
in an amount up to of his annual base salary, reduced from , which bonus shall be determined by the Board and based upon the
performance of the Company. The Amended Agreement has a term of three (3) years from the 2022 Effective Date, with automatic one-year
renewal periods unless either party elects not to renew. 

Amended
and Restated Employment Agreement 

On
May 14, 2019, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Services Agreement (the Services Agreement with Dr. Kenyon,
the Company s Chief Scientific Officer and a director, for a term of three years, subject to automatic one-year renewals, at an
annual salary of AUD USD). In connection with the execution of the Services Agreement, Dr. Kenyon was designated as
an executive officer of the Company and assumed a more active executive role with the Company. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, Dr.
Kenyon was granted options to purchase shares of common stock (the Kenyon Options ), with an exercise price per share
of of the closing market price of the common stock on May 14, 2019, the date of approval of such grant by the Board),
(ii) restricted stock units of the Company (the Initial Kenyon RSUs ), and (iii) an additional restricted stock
units of the Company (the Additional Kenyon RSUs ). Such options and restricted stock units were granted pursuant to the
2019 Plan. The Kenyon Options have a term of years from the date of grant. The Kenyon Options and Additional Kenyon RSU s are
subject to vesting periods pursuant to the Services Agreement. There are vested options and vested restricted stock unit that
are considered issuable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

On
August 12, 2021, pursuant to a Cancellation Agreement, Mr. Kenyon agreed to cancel accrued salaries of in exchange for 
shares of common stock of the Company. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, total accrued salaries of AUD USD) and 
AUD USD), respectively, were included in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Intercompany
Loans 

All
intercompany loans were made by the parent to the Company s subsidiary, Propanc PTY LTD, none of which has been repaid as of June
30, 2023. Effective fiscal year 2021, the parent company determined that intercompany loans will not be repaid in the foreseeable future
and thus, per ASC 830-20-35-3, gains and losses from measuring the intercompany balances are recorded within cumulative translation adjustment
on the consolidated balance sheet as accumulated other comprehensive income. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

for original issue discounts and debt issue costs from the lenders of (from each of the three lenders of ,
 and , respectively) which represents approximately , and , respectively of total proceeds received by the
Company during fiscal year 2022. 

In
fiscal 2023, the Company primarily relied on funding from five convertible debt lenders and received net proceeds after deductions of
 for original issue discounts and debt issue costs from each of the five lenders of , , , and
 , respectively, which represents approximately , , , and , respectively, of total proceeds received by the Company
during fiscal 2023. 

Receivable
Concentration 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s receivables were related to reimbursements on GST taxes paid. 

Patent
and Patent Concentration 

The
Company has filed multiple patent applications relating to its lead product, PRP. The Company s lead patent application has been
granted and remains in force in the United States, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal,
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Turkey, United Kingdom, Australia, China, Japan, Indonesia, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore,
Malaysia, South Africa, Republic of Korea, India and Brazil. In Canada and Mexico, the patent applications have been accepted as of this
fiscal year 2023. 

In
2016 and early 2017, the Company filed other patent applications. Three applications were filed under the Patent Cooperation Treaty (the
 PCT ). The PCT assists applicants in seeking patent protection by filing one international patent application under the
PCT, applicants can simultaneously seek protection for an invention in over 150 countries. Once filed, the application is placed under
the control of the national or regional patent offices, as applicable, in what is called the national phase. One of the PCT applications
filed in November 2016, entered national phase in July 2018 and another PCT application entered national phase in August 2018. A third
PCT application entered the national phase in October 2018. 

In
July 2020, a world-first patent was granted in Australia for the cancer treatment method patent family. Presently, there are 62
granted, allowed, or accepted patents and 14 patents filed, or under examination in key global jurisdictions relating to the use
of proenzymes against solid tumors, covering the lead product candidate PRP. 

Further
patent applications are expected to be filed to capture and protect additional patentable subject matter based on the Company s
field of technology relating to pharmaceutical compositions of proenzymes for treating cancer. 

Foreign
Operations 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s operations are based in Camberwell, Australia; however, the majority of research and development
is being conducted in the European Union. 

On
July 22, 2016, the Company formed a wholly-owned subsidiary, Propanc (UK) Limited under the laws of England and Wales, for the purpose
of submitting an orphan drug application with the European Medicines Agency as a small and medium-sized enterprise. As of June 30, 2023
and 2022, there has been no activity within this entity. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

(2 notes) and (1 note) of convertible debt,
which were treated as derivative instruments outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company calculates the estimated fair values of the liabilities for derivative instruments using the Binomial Trees Method. The closing
price of the Company s common stock at June 30, 2023, the last trading day of the period ended June 30, 2023, was per share.
The volatility, expected remaining term and risk-free interest rates used to estimate the fair value of derivative liabilities at June
30, 2023 are indicated in the table that follows. The expected term is equal to the remaining term of the warrants or convertible instruments
and the risk-free rate is based upon rates for treasury securities with the same term. 

Convertible
Debt 

Expected Remaining Term (in years) 

Risk Free Interest Rate 

Expected dividend yield 
 None 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Volatility 

Expected remaining term 
 - 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 
 None 
 None 

Fair
Value Measurements: 

The
Company measures and reports at fair value the liability for derivative instruments. The fair value liabilities for price adjustable
warrants and embedded conversion options have been recorded as determined utilizing the Binomial Trees model. The following tables summarize
the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2023: 

Total 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
following tables summarize the Company s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June
30, 2022: 

Balance at June 30, 2022 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs 

(Level 1) 
 (Level 2) 
 (Level 3) 
 
 Embedded conversion option liabilities 

Total 

Initial fair value of embedded conversion option derivative liability recorded as debt discount 
 - 
 
 Gain on debt extinguishment 

Change in fair value included in statements of operations 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Beginning balance 

Initial fair value of embedded conversion option derivative liability recorded as debt discount 

Gain on debt extinguishment 

Change in fair value included in statements of operations 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Ending balance 

AUD USD). Pursuant to such agreement, the term
of such loan is three (3) years, ending on , with an interest rate of to be paid monthly in arrears. In connection with
such loan, the Company issued warrants to purchase common stock to such investor immediately exercisable at an initial exercise
price of per share (subject to certain adjustments such as stock dividend, stock splits, subsequent right offering and pro-rata
distribution) with an expiry date of July 5, 2026. 

A
portion of the proceeds of such loan were used to repay an outstanding balance of approximately due on a convertible note (Coventry
Note) held by a third-party investor and which had been in default (see Note 6). 

Promissory
Note 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company issued to an institutional investor (the August 2023 Lender a 10 original issue discount
promissory note (the Promissory Note in consideration for , which has a principal face amount of , matures
on and accrues interest at a rate of per annum, which may be increased to in the event of a default. The Promissory Note contains certain customary events of default set forth in the Promissory
Note, including, among others, breach of covenants, representations or warranties, insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation and failure by
the Company to pay the principal and interest due under the Promissory Note. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Issuance
of convertible notes 

1800
Diagonal Lending, LLC Securities Purchase Agreements 

On
June 29, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC 1800 Diagonal ),
which closed on July 6, 2023, pursuant to which 1800 Diagonal purchased a convertible promissory note (the July 6, 2023 1800 Diagonal
Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into
shares of the Company s common stock at the option of 1800 Diagonal any time after 180 days of the July 6, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note.
The July 6, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note contains debt issue costs of . The Company intends to use the net proceeds for general working
capital purposes. The maturity date is . 

On
July 19, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC pursuant to which 1800 Diagonal
purchased a convertible promissory note (the July 19, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note from the Company in the aggregate principal
amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option
of 1800 Diagonal any time after 180 days of the July 19, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note. The July 19, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note contains debt
issue costs of . The Company intends to use the net proceeds for general working capital purposes. The maturity date is . 

On
August 16, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC pursuant to which 1800 Diagonal
purchased a convertible promissory note (the August 16, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note from the Company in the aggregate principal
amount of , such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option
of 1800 Diagonal any time after 180 days of the August 16, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note. The August 16, 2023 1800 Diagonal Note contains debt
issue costs of . The Company intends to use the net proceeds for general working capital purposes. The maturity date is . 

The
1800 Diagonal Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, which interest may be paid by the Company to 1800 Diagonal in shares of
the Company s common stock; but shall not be payable until the 1800 Diagonal Note becomes payable, whether at the maturity date
or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

During
the first 60 to 180 days following the date of these notes, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid
interest due under the above note, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of the note, at
a premium ranging from to as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does not have a
right to prepay such note. 

discount of the market price which means the average of the lowest three
trading prices of the Common Stock for the ten trading days immediately prior to the delivery of a Notice of Conversion. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, 1800 Diagonal shall be restricted from effecting a conversion if such conversion, along with other shares of the Company s
common stock beneficially owned by 1800 Diagonal and its affiliates, exceeds of the outstanding shares of the Company s common
stock. The Company treats this convertible notes as stock settled debt under ASC 480. 

The
above notes contains certain events of default, upon which principal and accrued interest will become immediately due and payable. In
addition, upon an event of default, interest on the outstanding principal shall accrue at a default interest rate of per annum, or
if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. Further, certain events
of default may trigger penalty and liquidated damage provisions. 

Failure
to deliver shares of common stock upon conversion of the above 1800 Diagonal notes within three business days of notice of conversion
will result in the Company paying a penalty of per day, subject to certain exceptions. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Upon
certain events of default, the above 1800 Diagonal notes will become immediately due and payable and the Company must pay 1800 Diagonal
 of the then-outstanding principal amount of the above 1800 Diagonal notes, plus any interest accrued upon such event of default
or prior events of default (the Default Amount ). Further, upon any event of default relating to the failure to issue shares
of common stock upon the conversion of such notes, such notes become immediately due and payable in an amount equal to twice the Default
Amount. 

GS
Capital Partners, LLC Securities Purchase Agreement 

On
August 23, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with GS Capital Partners, LLC, pursuant to which GS Capital
purchased a convertible redeemable note (the GS Capital Note from the Company in the aggregate principal amount of ,
such principal and the interest thereon convertible into shares of the Company s common stock at the option of GS Capital. The
GS Capital Note contains a original issue discount. Pursuant to the terms of the GS Purchase Agreement, the Company paid GS Capital s
legal fees of . The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the GS Capital Note for general working capital purposes. 

The
maturity date of the GS Capital Note is . The GS Capital Note shall bear interest at a rate of per annum, which interest
may be paid by the Company to GS Capital in shares of common stock but shall not be payable until the GS Capital Note becomes payable,
whether at the Maturity Date or upon acceleration or by prepayment. 

During
the first 60 to 180 days following the date of this note, the Company has the right to prepay the principal and accrued but unpaid interest
due under the above note issued to GS Capital, together with any other amounts that the Company may owe the holder under the terms of
the note, at a premium ranging from to as defined in the note agreement. After this initial 180-day period, the Company does
not have a right to prepay such note. 

Upon
the occurrence and during the continuation of certain events of default, interest shall accrue at a default interest rate of per
annum or, if such rate is usurious or not permitted by current law, then at the highest rate of interest permitted by law. In the event
that the Company fails to deliver to GS Capital shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of principal or interest under the GS
Capital Note, the penalty shall be per day the shares are not issued beginning on the 4 th day after the conversion notice
was delivered to the Company. This penalty shall increase to per day beginning on the 10 th day. In an event of breach
of section 8m as defined in the GS Capital note agreement, such GS Capital note shall incur penalty and will increase the outstanding
principal amounts by . 

The
above GS Capital note will be bifurcated from the embedded conversion option which shall be recorded as derivative liabilities at fair
value. 

PROPANC BIOPHARMA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Equity
Line Agreement 

On
July 20, 2023, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement (the Equity Line Agreement with an institutional
investor (the Investor providing for an equity financing facility, pursuant to which Company has the option to request
that the Investor commit to purchase up to of the Company s shares (the Shares of common stock, par value
 per share (the Common Stock ), over a -month term commencing on the date on which a registration statement filed
by the Company to register the offer and resale of the Shares by the Investor (the Registration Statement is declared
effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Pursuant to the Equity Line Agreement, the Company
has the option to exercise this right by providing a notice (a Drawdown Notice from the Company to the Investor setting
forth the number of Shares that the Investor will purchase. The Company has agreed to use the proceeds from such issuances for the purpose
of financing its research and product development activities, finished product manufacture for clinical studies, working capital requirements
and general corporate purposes. 

Pursuant
to the Equity Line Agreement, purchases of Shares cannot occur unless and until certain conditions are met, including but not limited
to, the SEC declaring the Registration Statement effective, and the maximum number of Shares that may be purchased 

Additionally,
in connection with the Equity Line Agreement, the Company and the Investor entered into a registration rights agreement, dated July 20,
2023 (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to register the maximum number of Shares
within 45 days of the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, subject to any comments from the SEC and applicable laws, rules and
regulations. 

Exercise
of warrants 

The
Company issued an aggregate of 
 shares of common stock from the alternate
cashless exercise of 
 Series A warrants. The Company recognized
the value of the effect of a down round feature in such warrants when triggered. Upon the occurrence of the triggering event that resulted
in a reduction of the strike price, the Company measured the value of the effect of the feature as the difference between the fair value
of the warrants without the down round feature or before the strike price reduction and the fair value of the warrants with a strike
price corresponding to the reduced strike price upon the down round feature being triggered. Accordingly, the Company recognized deemed
dividend of 
 and a corresponding reduction of income available
to common stockholders upon the alternate cashless exercise of these warrants. 

Shares
issued for conversion of convertible debt 

From
July 1, 2023 through September 18, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its common stock at an average contractual
conversion price of as a result of the conversion of principal of , accrued interest of and conversion fees of 
underlying certain outstanding convertible notes converted during such period. The Company reclassified in put premiums to additional
paid in capital following these conversions. 

F- 49 

Item
9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Definition
and Limitations of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to reasonably ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management,
including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosures. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that it will detect or
uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. Inherent
limitations to any system of disclosure controls and procedures include, but are not limited to, the possibility of human error and the
circumvention or overriding of such controls by one or more persons. In addition, we have designed our system of controls based on certain
assumptions, which we believe are reasonable, about the likelihood of future events, and our system of controls may therefore not achieve
its desired objectives under all possible future events. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based closely
on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its
judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

At
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based upon the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of June 30, 2023,
the disclosure controls and procedures of our Company were not effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed in our
Exchange Act reports was recorded, processed, summarized and reported on a timely basis due to the material weaknesses in financial reporting
as discussed below. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions, regardless of how remote. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 

We
carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. Based on this assessment, management believes
that, as of June 30, 2023, we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria established
in the Internal Integrated Framework issued by COSO in 2013 due to certain material weaknesses in its internal controls. 

36 

Material
Weaknesses and Corrective Actions 

In
connection with the audits of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we identified certain deficiencies
relating to our internal control over financial reporting that constitute a material weakness under standards established by the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB ). The PCAOB defines a material weakness as a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A deficiency in internal
control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their
assigned functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

The
following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting continued to exist at June 30, 2023: 

we
 do not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls
 over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

we
 do not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to our limited size
 and early-stage nature of operations, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically
 feasible; however, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions
 should be performed by separate individuals; 

lack
 of audit committee of our board of directors; and 

insufficient
 monitoring and review controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge
 of U.S. GAAP. 

We
outsource certain of the functions that would normally be performed by a principal financial officer to assist us in implementing the
necessary financial controls over the financial reporting and the utilization of internal management and staff to effectuate these controls. 

We
believe that these material weaknesses primarily relate, in part, to our lack of sufficient staff with appropriate training in U.S. GAAP
and SEC rules and regulations with respect to financial reporting functions, and the lack of robust accounting systems, as well as the
lack of sufficient resources to hire such staff and implement these accounting systems. 

We
plan to take a number of actions in the future to correct these material weaknesses including, but not limited to, establishing an audit
committee of our board of directors comprised of at least two independent directors, adding experienced accounting and financial personnel
and retaining third-party consultants to review our internal controls and recommend improvements, subject to receiving sufficient additional
capital. If we receive sufficient capital, we hope to increase the chief financial officer s role from part-time to full-time as
the next step in building out our accounting department. We will need to take additional measures to fully mitigate these issues, and
the measures we have taken, and expect to take, to improve our internal controls may not be sufficient to (1) address the issues identified,
(2) ensure that our internal controls are effective or (3) ensure that the identified material weakness or other material weaknesses
will not result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In addition, other material weaknesses may
be identified in the future. If we are unable to correct deficiencies in internal controls in a timely manner, our ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial information accurately and within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC
will be adversely affected. This failure could negatively affect the market price and trading liquidity of our Common Stock, cause investors
to lose confidence in our reported financial information, subject us to civil and criminal investigations and penalties, and generally
materially and adversely impact our business and financial condition. 

37 

Attestation
Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Our management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently exempted smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of the year ended June 30,
2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction That Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our current executive officers and directors as of September 27, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 James
 Nathanielsz 
 
 49 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Director 
 
 Dr.
 Julian Kenyon 
 
 76 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer and Director 
 
 Josef
 Zelinger 
 
 73 
 
 Independent
 Director 

The
following is a biographical summary of the experience of each of our executive officers and directors: 

James
Nathanielsz has served as Chief Executive Officer and director of our Company since its inception and has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since December 2020. He also has served as a director and Chief Executive Officer of Propanc PTY LTD, our Australian subsidiary,
since October 2007. From July 2006 until October 2007, Mr. Nathanielsz served as the New Products Manager of Biota Holdings Limited,
an anti-infective drug development company in Australia. He holds no other public directorships and has not held any others during the
previous five years. 

Mr.
Nathanielsz graduated with a Bachelor of Applied Science from Swinburne University of Technology in Melbourne, Australia, majoring in
Biochemistry/Applied Chemistry and with a Master of Entrepreneurship Innovation. 

Our
board of directors has concluded that Mr. Nathanielsz is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors and has the requisite qualifications,
skills and perspectives based on, among other factors, his position with Propanc PTY LTD, his experience in R D and manufacturing
and distribution, and due to being our controlling stockholder, as well as his significant business, investment, financial and public
company experience, particularly with biotech companies. 

38 

Dr.
Julian Kenyon has served a director of our Company and as Scientific Director since inception and has served as our Chief Scientific
Officer since May 2019. Dr. Kenyon co-founded Propanc PTY LTD, our Australian subsidiary, and was appointed as a director of Propanc
PTY LTD on February 12, 2008. Since 2000, Dr. Kenyon has served as an integrated medical physician and Medical Director of the Dove Clinic
for Integrated Medicine in Winchester and London. He holds no other public directorships and has not held any others during the previous
five years. 

Dr.
Kenyon graduated from the University of Liverpool with a Bachelor of Medicine and Surgery and with a research degree, Doctor of Medicine.
Since 1972, he has served as a Primary Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons, Edinburgh. 

Our
board of directors has concluded that Dr. Kenyon is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors and has the requisite qualifications,
skills and perspectives based on, among other factors, his position with Propanc PTY LTD. 

Josef
Zelinger has served as a director of our Company since December 2020. He holds no other public directorships and has not held any
others during the previous five years. 

He
is a Certified Practicing Accountant with 45 years of experience in tax, auditing, finance, investment and management consulting.
Mr. Zelinger also has significant expertise in property management and import/export businesses, and he currently serves as a director
of Aggro Investments Pty Ltd, an Australian private company specializing in industrial property rentals, where he provides tax and accounting
services as a sole trader. Mr. Zelinger commenced his career as an accountant at L.M. Stanton Partners - Chartered Accountants,
subsequently joining Caston Pty Ltd in 1980, a steel manufacturer, as chief financial officer, and as a director, where he served in
such roles until 1983. 

Since
the mid-1980s, Mr. Zelinger has served as director in several private investment companies in a range of businesses, including property
portfolio manager of commercial real estate, import/export businesses and a range of commercial and financial investment companies. Since
1980, Mr. Zelinger has also operated as a sole practitioner in accountancy and tax consulting. 

In
1973, Mr. Zelinger graduated with a degree in Accounting from RMIT University and was also admitted as a Fellow in Business. 

Our
board of directors has concluded that Mr. Zelinger is well-qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his experience as a director,
his corporate governance, tax and auditing expertise, his investment and involvement with the Company since 2010 and his other relevant
qualifications, skills and perspectives based upon his professional experience. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed
from office in accordance with our Bylaws and the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL ).
Our directors hold office after the expiration of his or her term until his or her successor is elected and qualified, or until his or
her resignation, death or removal in accordance with our Bylaws or the DGCL. 

Our
officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by our board of directors at any time for any reason. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between or among any of our directors or executive officers or persons nominated or chosen by us to become
directors or executive officers. 

39 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has reviewed the independence of our directors and has determined that Josef Zelinger qualifies as an independent
director pursuant to Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq and applicable SEC rules and regulations.
In making this determination, our board of directors considered the relationships that each of our directors has with us and all other
facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed relevant in determining their independence. 

Board
Committees 

Our
board of directors has no separately designated committees and our board members carry out the functions of both an audit committee and
a compensation committee. We do not have an audit committee financial expert serving on our board of directors. Due to our limited financial
resources, we are not in a position to retain an independent director with the qualifications to serve as an audit committee financial
expert at this time. 

Scientific
Advisory Board 

We
have a Scientific Advisory Board that provides advice to our management relating to the following: 

The
 identification, assessment, evaluation, selection, conduct and management of research projects, both those which are under review
 and are in progress; 

Intellectual
 property; and 

Commercialization. 

The
Scientific Advisory Board may also address issues related to improving project selection, formal review processes and management procedures
within our Company. The Scientific Advisory Board will generally be composed of an advisory panel of clinicians with expertise in translational
research. 

As
of September 27, 2023, the members of our Scientific Advisory Board were: 

Professor
 Klaus Kutz (also serving as our acting Chief Medical Officer); 

Professor
 Macarena Per 

Professor
 Juan Antonio Marchal Corrales; 

Dr.
 Maria Garcia; and 

Dr.
 Ralf Brandt. 

Each
of the members of our Scientific Advisory Board acts as an independent consultant and is compensated on an hourly basis for his or her
services. There is presently no stock based compensation for their services. In addition, we may have relationships with entities with
which the members may be associated. 

Professor
Kutz is also acting as Chief Medical Officer for Propanc in a non-executive capacity. His compensation continues to be based on an
hourly rate as per his Advisory Board Agreement. Propanc intends to appoint Professor Kutz as Chief Medical Officer of Propanc in a
full-time executive officer capacity at a time that is mutually agreed upon between both parties. 

The
following is a biographical summary of the experience of each member of our Scientific Advisory Board: 

Professor
Klaus Kutz has over 20 years of experience as an independent consultant in Clinical Pharmacology and Safety for pharmaceutical companies
and clinical research organizations. His specialty over the last six years is oncology, including preparation of multiple NDAs and INDs
for small and medium sized pharmaceutical companies. He has prepared, organized and reported clinical Phase I studies in oncology and
Phase II studies in different cancer indications (prostate, gastric, ovarian, small cell lung cancer) and Non-Hodgkin s lymphoma.
Professor Kutz has more than 13 years of experience as Head of Clinical Pharmacology with world-wide responsibilities for Phase I and
Clinical Pharmacokinetics in two internationally operating pharmaceutical companies, setting up and restructuring international clinical
pharmacology departments. His achievements include the successful world-wide registration of multiple important compounds for Sandoz
Pharma Ltd, a pharmaceutical company, by preparing multiple NDAs and expert reports (including written summaries), as well as preparing
multiple IND applications for Sandoz Pharma Ltd and Sanofi Research. He is a specialist for Internal Medicine, Gastroenterology, and
Clinical Pharmacology and he is also Professor of Medicine at the University of Bonn, Germany. 

40 

Professor
Macarena Per n holds a B.S. in Biology and an M.S. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from the University of M laga,
Spain. Dr. Per n moved to the Neuroscience Department at Durham University in the UK, where she studied the Cellular Distribution
and Immobilization of GABAA Receptors on the cell membrane and graduated in 2000 with a Ph.D. She moved back to Spain and completed another
Ph.D. program in the Faculty of Medicine focused on Changes in the Behavior of Central Nervous Proteins. She also completed a second
Ph.D. from Granada University. In 2005 and 2006, she attended the University of Bath, UK, working in Professor David Tosh s lab,
and changed her research interest to the development of new anti-cancer drugs and cell therapy for regenerative medicine. In 2011, she
spent a year as a visiting scientist in the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in California, working in Professor Juan Carlos Izpisua-Belmonte s
lab. Currently, Dr. Per n is Reader in Anatomy at the University of Ja n in Spain and is working with the Institute of
Pathobiology and Regenerative Medicine (IBIMER). 

Professor
Juan Antonio Marchal Corrales is Professor of Anatomy and Embryology at the Faculty of Medicine of University of Granada. He graduated
in Medicine and Surgery in 1992, obtaining the degree summa cum laude . He defended his doctoral thesis in 1996. Prof. Marchal
has worked at three universities in different educational categories and is responsible for the research group Differentiation,
Regeneration and Cancer . He has participated in 39 research projects of national and international character, being principal
investigator in 13 of them. He has a total of 145 publications in journals, of which 125 are listed in the Journal Citation Reports.
He has spent time at the University of Sassari in Italy and as visiting professor. He is inventor of 14 patents, 4 of them licensed.
He is a member of the Advisory Board of the International Graduate School of the University of Granada, member of the standing committee
of the Scientific Council and coordinator of Area Research in the Biosanitary Institute of Granada (ibs.GRANADA) and member of the Governing
Board at the Institute of Pathobiology and Regenerative Medicine (IBIMER). He has recently been named director of the Chair Drs. Galera
and Requena of Cancer Stem Cell Research at the University of Granada. 

Dr.
Maria Garcia graduated in Biology from University of Granada in Spain in 1997, became a molecular biologist working in the National
Centre of Biotechnology, characterizing the mechanism of action of Protein kinase induced by interferon: PKR . These studies
gave rise to a PhD title awarded with an Extraordinary Thesis Award by the Autonomous University of Madrid in 2004. In 2002, Dr. Garc a
completed a three-month stay at the University of Wyoming with Dr. Roth. During the postdoctoral period, she obtained major public and
private funding to characterize new activity of the main tumor suppressor genes that are mutated in more than 50 of human cancers, such
as p53, ARF and Rb. Dr. Garc a currently has a competitive research contract from the National Health System to lead translational
cancer research, aiming at the integration of basic, clinical and epidemiological cancer research in the University Hospital Complex
of Granada. She leads a line of research involving new antitumor drugs, biological therapies, biomarkers and cancer stem cell studies.
Dr. Garc a has more than 30 peer-reviewed publications in international journals with an average impact factor of 5 and a H-Index
of 14. 

Dr.
Ralf Brandt is the co-founder of vivoPharm PTY, Ltd., a global oncology and immuno-oncology discovery services company providing
a range of preclinical services, which merged and became a part of Cancer Genetics, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed company enabling precision
medicine in oncology from bench to bedside. Dr. Brandt currently serves as President of Discovery and Early Development of Cancer Genetics.
Dr. Brandt is a biochemist and cell biologist with over 15 years of experience in research programs of experimental oncology. He has
immense experience in in vivo pharmacology and anti-cancer drug profiling. Dr. Brandt received his License (BSc in Biochemistry and Animal
Physiology) in 1986, and his PhD in Biochemistry in 1991 from the Martin-Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg in Germany. Dr. Brandt
was employed at research positions at the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland and at Schering AG in Germany. Since 1990,
Dr. Brandt has been active in the field of preclinical oncology. He led the Tumor Biology program at Novartis Pharma AG in Switzerland
and established several transgenic mouse lines developing tumors under the control of oncogenes. During Dr. Brandt s long career
in the pharmaceutical industry, he has acquired significant knowledge and expertise in leading business units and representation of services
to the pre-clinical research market. 

41 

Risk
Oversight 

Our
board of directors takes a company-wide approach to risk management. Our board of directors determines the appropriate risk level for
us generally, assesses the specific risks faced by us and reviews the steps taken by management to manage those risks. While our board
of directors has ultimate oversight responsibility for the risk management process given that no board committees have yet been formed.
Our board of directors will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks associated with the independence of our board of directors. 

Until
our board of directors has established a compensation committee, it remains responsible for, among other things, overseeing the management
of risks relating to our executive compensation plans and arrangements, and the incentives created by the compensation awards is administered.
Until our board of directors has established an audit committee, it will oversee, among other things, our corporate accounting and financial
reporting process and oversees the audit of our financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.
Until our board of directors has established a nominating committee, it will be responsible for among other things, making recommendations
regarding candidates for directorships, reviewing developments in corporate governance practices and developing a set of corporate governance
guidelines. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
board of directors has adopted a Code of Ethics (the Code of Ethics to apply to all of our directors, officers and employees.
The Code of Ethics is intended to promote ethical conduct and compliance with laws and regulations, to provide guidance with respect
to the handling of ethical issues, to implement mechanisms to report unethical conduct, to foster a culture of honesty and accountability,
to deter wrongdoing and to ensure fair and accurate financial reporting. A copy of the Code of Ethics is available at our website www.propanc.com. 

Nominations
to the Board of Directors 

General
 - Our directors take a critical role in guiding our strategic direction and oversee the management of the Company. Our board of directors 
candidates are considered based upon various criteria, such as their broad-based business and professional skills and experiences, a
global business and social perspective, concern for the long-term interests of the shareholders, diversity, and personal integrity and
judgment. In addition, directors must have time available to devote to our board of directors activities and to enhance their
knowledge of our business. Accordingly, we seek to attract and retain highly qualified directors who have sufficient time to attend to
their substantial duties and responsibilities to our Company. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Under
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, our directors and certain of our officers, and persons holding more than 10 percent of our Common
Stock are required to file forms reporting their beneficial ownership of our Common Stock and subsequent changes in that ownership with
the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we believe the following reports listed in the table below were required to be filed by such persons
pursuant to Section 16(a) and were not filed on a timely basis: 

Name 
 
 Form 
 
 Description 
 
 Josef
 Zelinger 
 
 4 
 
 One
 (1) transaction was not reported on a timely basis (upon the acquisition of a common stock purchase warrant issued to an entity that
 Joseph Zelinger wholly owns and controls but disclaims beneficial ownership of such warrant and shares issuable pursuant to its exercise
 except to the extent of Josef Zelinger s pecuniary interest therein). 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The
following table sets forth the compensation paid or accrued by us to our Executive Officers for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022. 

42 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 James Nathanielsz (1) 
 2022 
 319,939 (2) 
 96,810 (3) 
 - 
 34,928 (4) 
 451,677 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2023 
 399,840 
 - 
 - 
 30,444 (4) 
 430,284 

(1) 
 For
 purposes of the information included in this Executive Compensation section, including the table above, the conversion
 rates as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, 0.6664 and 0.7473, respectively, were used to convert dollar amounts from AUD to USD. 

(2) 
 Under
 the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement (as defined below), Mr. Nathanielsz received a gross annual salary of 400,000 AUD 309,313
 USD) per year effective February 1, 2018 as approved by the board of directors. Mr. Nathanielsz has also accrued unused annual
 and long service leave in the amounts of 267,155 AUD 178,032 USD) and 41,113 AUD 29,819 USD) for the fiscal years
 ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are included in the total above. On August 1, 2022, the board of directors approved
 an increase of Mr. Nathanielsz s annual base salary from 400,000 AUD 309,313 USD) to 600,000 AUD 414,900 USD),
 effective July 1, 2022. 

(3) 
 On
 August 1, 2022, the board of directors approved a bonus to Mr. Nathanielsz of 140,000 AUD 96,810 USD). 

(4) 
 Under
 the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement, Mr. Nathanielsz receives a 9.5 contribution to a pension of which he is the beneficiary and
 amounted to 27,100 USD and 29,012 USD for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition, pursuant to the Nathanielsz
 Employment Agreement, we may make a monthly payment to cover the costs relating to Mr. Nathanielsz use of a vehicle and certain fringe
 benefits. For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, 3,344 USD and 5,916 USD, respectively, was paid to Mr. Nathanielsz
 for use of a vehicle. 

Narrative
to Summary Compensation Table 

Employment
Agreement with James Nathanielsz 

The
Company and Mr. Nathanielsz entered into a new employment agreement as of May 14, 2019 (the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement setting forth the terms and conditions of Mr. Nathanielsz employment as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. The
Nathanielsz Employment Agreement also contemplates that Mr. Nathanielsz serves as a member of the board of directors. 

The
Nathanielsz Employment Agreement provides that Mr. Nathanielsz will receive a base salary of 33,333 AUD 23,050 USD) per month 400,000
AUD 309,313 USD) annually) and a monthly contribution to Mr. Nathanielsz s pension equal to 9.5 of his monthly salary. Mr. Nathanielsz
may convert any accrued but unpaid salary into Common Stock at the end of each fiscal year at a conversion price to be determined by
Mr. Nathanielsz and the Company, which will in no event be lower than par value or higher than the closing bid price on the date of conversion.
The Company has also agreed to pay Mr. Nathanielsz an annual discretionary bonus in an amount up to 200 of his annual base salary, which
bonus shall be determined by the Board and based upon the performance of the Company. 

43 

Mr.
Nathanielsz is entitled to twenty days of annual leave and ten days of paid sick leave. Mr. Nathanielsz is also entitled to participate
in employee benefits plans, fringe benefits and perquisites maintained by the Company to the extent the Company provides similar benefits
or perquisites (or both) to similarly situated executives of the Company. 

In
the event that the Company provides notice of non-renewal of the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement, the Company terminates Mr. Nathanielsz
without cause (as defined in the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement) or Mr. Nathanielsz terminates his employment for good reason (as defined
in the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement), the Company has agreed to pay Mr. Nathanielsz a severance payment in an amount equal to Mr.
Nathanielsz s base salary for the year of termination in addition to accrued but unpaid salary, reimbursement of expenses and certain
other employee benefits as determined under the terms of the applicable plans Accrued Amounts ). In the event that Mr.
Nathanielsz provides notice of non-renewal of the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement, the Company terminates Mr. Nathanielsz for cause
or Mr. Nathanielsz terminates his employment without good reason, Mr. Nathanielsz is only entitled to the Accrued Amounts. 

The
Company has agreed to indemnify Mr. Nathanielsz for any liabilities, costs and expenses incurred in the event that he is made a party
to a proceeding due to his roles with the Company, other than any proceeding initiated by Mr. Nathanielsz or the Company relating to
any dispute with respect to the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement or Mr. Nathanielsz s employment. 

Under
the terms of the Nathanielsz Employment Agreement, Mr. Nathanielsz is also subject to certain restrictive covenants, including a one-year
non-compete. 

Amended
and Restated Services Agreement with Julian Kenyon 

On
May 14, 2019, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Services Agreement (the Services Agreement with Dr. Kenyon,
the Company s Chief Scientific Officer and a director, for a term of three years, subject to automatic one-year renewals, at an
annual salary of 54,000 AUD 41,580 USD). In connection with the execution of the Services Agreement, Dr. Kenyon was designated
as an executive officer of the Company and assumed a more active executive role with the Company. Pursuant to the Services Agreement,
Dr. Kenyon was granted options to purchase 0.02 shares of Common Stock (the Kenyon Options ), with an exercise price per
share of 425,000 (100 of the closing market price of the Common Stock on May 14, 2019, the date of approval of such grant by the board
of directors), (ii) 0.02 restricted stock units of the Company (the Initial Kenyon RSUs ), and (iii) an additional 0.02
restricted stock units of the Company (the Additional Kenyon RSUs ). Such options and restricted stock units were granted
pursuant to the 2019 Plan (as defined below) approved by the Company s board of directors on the effective date of the Services
Agreement. The Kenyon Options have a term of 10 years from the date of grant. One third of the Kenyon Options vest every successive one-year
anniversary following such effective date, provided, that on each such vesting date Dr. Kenyon is employed by the Company and subject
to the other provisions of the Services Agreement. The Initial Kenyon RSUs vest on the one-year anniversary of such effective date, subject
to Dr. Kenyon s continued employment with the Company through such vesting date. The Additional Kenyon RSUs vest as follows, subject
to Dr. Kenyon s continued employment with the Company through the applicable vesting date: (i) 0.005 of the Additional Kenyon RSUs
vest upon the Company submitting the CTA for PRP for the Study (as defined in the Services Agreement) in an applicable jurisdiction to
be selected by the Company, (ii) 0.005 of the Additional Kenyon RSUs vest upon the Company completing an equity financing in the amount
of at least 4,000,000 in gross proceeds, (iii) 0.005 of the Additional Kenyon RSUs vest upon the shares of Common Stock being listed
on a senior stock exchange (New York Stock Exchange, NYSE American, or the Nasdaq Stock Market), and (iv) the remaining 0.005 of the
Additional Kenyon RSUs vest upon the Company enrolling its first patient in the Study. Each vested Kenyon RSU will be settled by delivery
to Mr. Kenyon of one share of Common Stock and/or the fair market value of one share of Common Stock in cash, at the sole discretion
of the board of directors and subject to the 2019 Plan, on the first to occur of: (i) the date of a Change of Control (as defined in
the Services Agreement), (ii) the date that is ten business days following the vesting of such Kenyon RSU, (iii) the date of Dr. Kenyon s
death or Disability (as defined in the Services Agreement), and (iv) Dr. Kenyon s employment being terminated either by the Company
without Cause or by Dr. Kenyon for Good Reason (as each term is defined in the Services Agreement). In the event of a Change of Control,
50 of any unvested portion of the Kenyon Options and the Kenyon RSUs vest immediately prior to such event. 

44 

2019
Equity Incentive Plan 

On
May 14, 2019, our board of directors adopted our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2019 Plan ), which reserves a total of
234 shares of our Common Stock for issuance under the 2019 Plan. As described below, incentive awards authorized under the 2019 Plan
include, but are not limited to, incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. If an incentive award granted
under the 2019 Plan expires, terminates, is unexercised or is forfeited, or if any shares are surrendered to us in connection with the
exercise of an incentive award, the shares subject to such award and the surrendered shares will become available for further awards
under the 2019 Plan. 

Administration 

Our
board of directors will administer the 2019 Plan. Subject to the terms of the 2019 Plan, our board of directors has complete authority
and discretion to determine the terms upon which awards may be granted under the 2019 Plan. 

Grants 

The
2019 Plan authorizes the grant to participants of nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted
stock units, performance grants intended to comply with Section 162(m) of the Code and stock appreciation rights, as described below: 

Options
 granted under the 2019 Plan entitle the grantee, upon exercise, to purchase up to a specified number of shares from us at a specified
 exercise price per share. The exercise price for shares of Common Stock covered by an option generally cannot be less than the fair
 market value of Common Stock on the date of grant unless agreed to otherwise at the time of the grant. In addition, in the case of
 an incentive stock option granted to an employee who, at the time the incentive stock option is granted, owns stock representing
 more than 10 of the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any parent or subsidiary, the per share exercise price
 will be no less than 110 of the fair market value of Common Stock on the date of grant. 

Restricted
 stock awards and restricted stock units may be awarded on terms and conditions established by the compensation committee, which may
 include performance conditions for restricted stock awards and the lapse of restrictions on the achievement of one or more performance
 goals for restricted stock units. 

The
 board of directors may make performance grants, each of which will contain performance goals for the award, including the performance
 criteria, the target and maximum amounts payable, and other terms and conditions. 

The
 2019 Plan authorizes the granting of stock awards. The board of directors will establish the number of shares of our Common Stock
 to be awarded (subject to the aggregate limit established under the 2019 Plan upon the number of shares of our Common Stock that
 may be awarded or sold under the 2019 Plan) and the terms applicable to each award, including performance restrictions. 

Stock
 appreciation rights SARs entitle the participant to receive a distribution in an amount not to exceed the number
 of shares of Common Stock subject to the portion of the SAR exercised multiplied by the difference between the market price of a
 share of Common Stock on the date of exercise of the SAR and the market price of a share of our Common Stock on the date of grant
 of the SAR. 

Duration,
Amendment, and Termination 

Our
board of directors has the power to amend, suspend or terminate the 2019 Plan without stockholder approval or ratification at any time
or from time to time. No change may be made that increases the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant
to incentive awards or reduces the minimum exercise price for options or exchange of options for other incentive awards, unless such
change is authorized by our stockholders within one year of such change. Unless sooner terminated, the 2019 Plan would terminate ten
years after it is adopted. 

45 

No
awards or any shares of our Common Stock were issued during the fiscal year 2023 under the 2019 Plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to grants of plan-based awards for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 to
the Named Executive Officer. Except as set forth below, all of the outstanding equity awards granted to our Named Executive Officer were
fully vested as of June 30, 2023. 

Option awards 
 Stock awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number 
 of 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have 
 Not 
 Vested 
 (#) 
 Market 
 Value or 
 Payout 
 Value of 
 Unearned 
 Shares, 
 Units or 
 Other 
 Rights 
 That 
 Have Not 
 Vested 
 ) 
 
 James Nathanielsz (1) 
 0.04 
 - 
 4,675,000 
 May 13, 2029 
 0.04 
 165,747 
 
 Julian Kenyon (2) 
 0.02 
 - 
 4,250,000 
 May 13, 2029 
 0.02 
 82,873 

(1) 
 On
 May 14, 2019, the board of directors granted Mr. Nathanielsz an option to purchase 0.04 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price
 of 4,675,000 per share and 0.08 performance-based restricted stock units. The fair value of such options and restricted stock units
 at the grant date was 165,747 and 331,493, respectively. 0.04 of such restricted stock units vested on May 14, 2020 and the balance
 is subject to performance conditions. 

(2) 
 On
 May 14, 2019, the board of directors granted Mr. Kenyon an option to purchase 0.02 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of
 4,250,000 per share and 0.04 performance-based restricted stock units. The fair value of such options and restricted stock units
 at the grant date was 82,873 and 165,747, respectively. 0.02 of such restricted stock units vested on May 14, 2020 and the balance
 is subject to performance conditions. 

Director
Compensation for the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Name 
 Fees earned or 
 paid in 
 cash ) 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Julian Kenyon (1) 
 35,986 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 35,986 

(1) 
 For purposes of the information included in the table,
 the conversion rate as of June 30, 2023, 0.6664 was used to convert amounts from AUD to USD. 
 
 (2) 
 Effective May 2019, Dr. Kenyon receives gross monthly
 compensation of 4,500 AUD or 3,264 USD per month for his services as a director of our Company. 

Amended
and Restated Director Agreement with Joseph Zelinger 

Effective
as of August 12, 2021, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Director Agreement (the Director Agreement with
Mr. Zelinger, pursuant to which the Company agreed to compensate Mr. Zelinger with a monthly salary of 250 AUD 188 USD) per month
for his services as a member of the board of directors and which can be terminated by the Company for Cause (as defined in the Director
Agreement) and at such time as Mr. Zelinger no longer serves as a Company director. Pursuant to the Agreement, any and all accrued unpaid
salary may be converted by Mr. Zelinger into Common Stock at the end of each fiscal year at a conversion rate to be determined by the
parties to such agreement, at a rate no lower than the par value of the Common Stock and no higher than the closing bid price of the
Common Stock on date of such conversion. 

46 

Other
Director Compensation 

Directors
are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings and carrying out duties as board members. 

Scientific
Advisory Board Members Compensation 

The
Company has entered into Scientific Advisory Board Member Agreements with certain members of its Scientific Advisory Board (the SAB
Agreements ). The SAB Agreements contain substantially similar terms and primarily related to the protection of the Company s
intellectual property and include provisions for the members compensation for the services performed as a member of the Scientific
Advisory Board. If and when bi-annual SAB meetings are held, Mr. Kutz and Dr. Brandt each are paid a monetary fee for their service provided
in preparing for, and attending the SAB meetings. 

Narrative
Disclosure of Compensation Policies and Practices as They Relate to Our Risk Management 

We
believe that our compensation policies and practices for all employees and other individual service providers, including executive officers,
do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following sets forth information as of September 27, 2023 regarding the number of shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by
(i) each person that we know beneficially owns more than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each of our directors and named executive
officer and (iii) all of our directors and named executive officers as a group. 

The
amounts and percentages of our Common Stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of SEC rules governing the determination of
beneficial ownership of securities. Under the SEC rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that
person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment
power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial
owner of any securities of which that person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days through the exercise of any
stock option, warrant or other right, and the conversion of preferred stock. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed a
beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such person has
no economic interest. Unless otherwise indicated, each of the shareholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has
sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares of our Common Stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each
of the shareholders listed below is: c/o Propanc Biopharma, Inc., 302, 6 Butler Street, Camberwell, VIC, 3124 Australia. 

The
disclosure relating to the shares of Common Stock under this Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
section reflects the reverse stock split effected by the Company on May 1, 2023. 

47 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Series B Preferred Stock Beneficially Owned 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Percentage 
 of 
 Class (1) 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Beneficially 
 Owned 
 Percentage 

of 
Class (6) 
 Total 
 Voting 
 Shares 
 Total 

 Voting 
 Power 
 (1) (6) 

Directors and Executive Officers: 

James Nathanielsz (2) 
 8,732 
 
 1 
 100 
 8,733 
 50.03 

Dr. Julian Kenyon (3) 
 3,425 
 
 - 
 - 
 3, 425 

Josef Zelinger (4) 
 778,904 
 4.99 
 - 
 - 
 778,904 
 2.56 

All directors and executive officers, as a group (3 persons) 
 791, 061 
 5.07 
 1 
 100 
 791,062 
 51.32 

Non-Director or Officer 5 Stockholder: 

Sylva International LLC 
 703,744 
 5.24 
 - 
 - 
 703,744 
 5.24 

Represents less than 1 

(1)
Applicable percentages are based on 14,833,210 shares of our Common Stock outstanding as
of September 27, 2023. 

(2)
Includes (i) 5,932 shares of our Common Stock owned held by North Horizon Pty Ltd., which is the trustee of the Nathanielsz Family Trust.
Mr. Nathanielsz has investing and dispositive power and a pecuniary interest in such shares held by such trust. In addition, such ownership
includes (ii) 0.04 vested stock options for the purchase of up to 0.04 shares of our Common Stock, (iii) 0.04 vested restricted stock
units and 2,800 shares of Common Stock held by Mrs. Nathanielsz, the spouse of Mr. Nathanielsz, as to which shares Mr. Nathanielsz disclaims
beneficial ownership. Such ownership excludes 0.04 restricted stock units subject to certain vesting conditions, as discussed above in
the section captioned Executive Compensation - Employment Agreement with James Nathanielsz . 

(3)
Includes 3,425 shares of Common Stock and 0.02 vested stock options for the purchase of up to 0.02 shares of Common Stock and 0.02 vested
restricted stock units; excludes 0.02 restricted stock units that are subject to certain vesting conditions, as discussed above in the
section captioned Executive Compensation - Amended and Restated Services Agreement with Julian Kenyon . 

(4)
Beneficial ownership includes (i) 2,806 shares of Common Stock, (ii) up to 776,098 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of a
Common Stock purchase warrant held by Aggro Investments Pty Ltd, which Mr. Zelinger wholly owns and controls, which is subject to a 4.99 
beneficial ownership limitation providing that a holder of such warrant will not have the right to exercise any portion thereof if the
holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99 , as applicable, of the Common Stock outstanding,
provided that upon at least 61 days prior notice to us, the holder may increase or decrease such limitation up to a maximum of
9.99 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding. Beneficial ownership excludes an aggregate of 14,223,902 shares of Common Stock issuable
upon exercise of such warrant as a result of the triggering of the 4.99 beneficial ownership limitations in such warrant. The principal
business address of Aggro Investments Pty Ltd is 9 Seymour Road, Elsternwick, Victoria, Australia, 3185. 

(5)
Includes all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by our executive officers and directors, subject to any disclaimers set forth
in footnotes 2 and 3 of the table above. 

(6)
Applicable percentage is based on one share of our Series B Preferred Stock outstanding as of September 27, 2023. The holder of such
share has voting power equivalent of the number of votes equal to the total number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the time
of determination of stockholders entitled to vote. 

48 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
following includes a summary of transactions since July 1, 2020 to which we have been a party, in which the amount involved in the transaction
 the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent (1 of the average of the Company s total
assets at year-end for the last two fiscal years , and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge,
beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements,
which are described above under Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

On
July 5, 2023, the Company and an institutional investor affiliated with one of our directors, Josef Zelinger, entered into a letter agreement,
pursuant to which such investor loaned the Company an aggregate of AU 230,000. Pursuant to such agreement, the term of such loan is three
(3) years, ending on July 5, 2026, with an interest rate of 10 to be paid monthly in arrears. A portion of the proceeds of such loan
were used to repay an outstanding balance of approximately 143,000 due on a convertible promissory note held by a third-party investor
and which had been in default. In connection with such loan, the Company issued 15,000,000 warrants to purchase common stock to such
investor immediately exercisable at an initial exercise price of 0.01 per share (subject to certain adjustments such as stock dividend,
stock splits, subsequent right offering and pro-rata distribution) with an expiry date of July 5, 2026. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owed its former director a total of 49,314 and 51,171, respectively, for money loaned to the
Company, throughout the years. The total loans balance owed at June 30, 2023 and 2022 is not interest bearing. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owed its former director a total of 29,630 and 30,746, respectively, related to expenses paid
on behalf of the Company related to corporate startup costs and intellectual property. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 302, 6 Butler Street, Camberwell, VIC, 3124, Australia, which we lease from Horizon Pty Ltd.,
a related party, of which Mr. Nathanielsz and his wife, Sylvia Nathanielsz, are owners and directors. On May 4, 2022, the Company entered
into a three-year lease agreement with North Horizon Pty Ltd. for a monthly rent of 3,000 AUD 2,176 USD), depending on exchange rate)
per month plus taxes. 

Mrs.
Nathanielsz has been an employee of the Company since October 2015. On August 1, 2022, the Company s Mr. Nathanielsz s annual
base salary increase from 400,000 AUD 309,313 USD) to 600,000 AUD 414,900 USD), effective July 1, 2022 and is entitled to benefits
customarily expected to be provided to employees of the Company. 

On
October 1, 2020, the Company entered into a two-year collaboration agreement with the University of Ja n to provide certain research
services to the Company. One of the Company s Scientific Advisory Board is the lead joint researcher of University of Ja n.
Additionally, on July 27, 2022, the Company entered into a two-year research agreement with the University of Ja n to provide
certain research and experiment services to the Company. Further, the Company agreed to pay royalties of 1 of net revenues each to two
members of the Scientific Advisory Board. 

Employment
and Director Compensation Arrangements 

The
relationships and related party transactions described herein are in addition to any employment and director compensation arrangements
with our executive officers and directors, which are described above under Executive Compensation - Narrative to Summary Compensation
Table and Director Compensation. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

Our
Certificate of Incorporation provides that none of our officers or directors shall be personally liable for any obligations of our Company
or for any duties or obligations arising out of any acts or conduct of said officer or director performed for or on behalf of our Company,
including without limitation, acts of negligence or contributory negligence. In addition, our Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify
and hold harmless each person and their heirs and administrators who shall serve at any time hereafter as a director or officer of our
Company from and against any and all claims, judgments and liabilities to which such persons shall become subject by reason of their
having heretofore or hereafter been a director or officer of our Company, or by reason of any action alleged to have heretofore or hereafter
taken or omitted to have been taken by him or her as such director or officer, and that we shall reimburse each such person for all legal
and other expenses reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim, judgment or liability, including our power to
defend such persons from all suits or claims as provided for under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law; provided,
however, that no such persons shall be indemnified against, or be reimbursed for, any expense incurred in connection with any claim or
liability arising out of his (or her) own willful misconduct. In addition, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with our
directors and officers and some of our executives may have certain indemnification rights arising under their employment agreements with
us. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors
and officers. 

49 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation may discourage stockholders from bringing
a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against
our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder s investment
may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification
provisions. 

On
May 14, 2019, our board of directors approved a form of Indemnification Agreement Indemnification Agreement for each
of our officers and directors. The Indemnification Agreement requires us to indemnify our directors and officers and to advance expenses
on behalf of such directors or officers to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and establish the procedures by which a director
or executive officer may request and receive indemnification. The Indemnification Agreement is in addition to other rights to which a
director or officer may be entitled under our Certificate of Incorporation, Bylaws and applicable law. 

Director
Independence 

Our
board of directors has reviewed the independence of our directors and has determined that Josef Zelinger qualifies as an independent
director pursuant to Rule 5605(a)(2) of Nasdaq and applicable SEC rules and regulations. In making this determination, our board of directors
considered the relationships that each of our directors has with us and all other facts and circumstances our board of directors deemed
relevant in determining their independence. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The
Company s Board of Directors reviews and approves audit and permissible non-audit services performed by its independent registered
public accounting firm, as well as the fees charged for such services. In its review of non-audit service and its appointment of Salberg
 Company, P.A. as our independent registered public accounting firm, the Board considered whether the provision of such services
is compatible with maintaining independence. All of the services provided, and fees charged by Salberg Company, P.A. in fiscal
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were approved by the Board of Directors. The following table shows the fees for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 64,000 
 60,700 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 20,800 
 8,300 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 84,800 
 69,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees - these fees relate to the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements and the review of our interim quarterly consolidated
 financial statements. 

(2) 
 Audit
 related fees - these fees relate primarily to the auditors review of our registration statements and audit related consulting. 

(3) 
 Tax
 fees - no fees of this sort were billed by Salberg Company P.A., our principal accountant during 2023 and 2022 fiscal
 years. 

50 

All
Other Fees 

We
did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The
SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit
related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved by our audit committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies
and procedures established by the audit committee, provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service,
the audit committee is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee s
responsibilities to management. 

Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures 

We
do not have an audit committee. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All
of the above services and fees during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were reviewed and approved by our Board before the
respective services were rendered. 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2011). 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed with the SEC on June 23, 2011). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated November 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2014). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated July 9, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2015). 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated April 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2017). 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated April 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 26, 2017). 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of January 23, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 26, 2018). 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated as of June 7, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2019). 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Correction, dated as of June 10, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2019). 

51 

3.10 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated as of March 13, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.10 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 13, 2020). 

3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated as of November 17, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2020). 

3.12 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated July 6, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company Current Report on From 8-K filed on July 11, 2022) 

3.13 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, dated December 2, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2014). 

3.14 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Preferred Stock of the Company, dated June 16, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2015). 

3.15 
 
 Certificate of Retirement of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, dated March 15, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 17, 2023). 

3.16 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, dated May 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2023). 

4.1 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant for the purchase of up to 450,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019). 

4.2 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant for the purchase of up to 300,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019). 

4.3 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Warrant for the purchase of up to 225,000 shares of the Company s Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 9, 2019). 

4.4 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 15, 2019) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Prefunded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 

4.7 
 
 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 

4.8 
 
 Form of Series C Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2020) 

4.9 
 
 Form of Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note, dated October 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 8, 2019) 

52 

4.10 
 
 10 Convertible Promissory Note, dated December 7, 2021, issued by the Company to One44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 13, 2021) 

4.11 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 7, 2022, issued by the Company to Sixth Street Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 10, 2022) 

4.12 
 
 10 Convertible Promissory Note, dated March 29, 2022, issued by the Company to One44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K April 1, 2022) 

4.13 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated April 12, 2022, issued by the Company to Sixth Street Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022) 

4.14 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated May 12, 2022, issued by the Company to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 2022) 

4.15 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 30, 2022, issued by the Company to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 7, 2022) 

4.16 
 
 8 Convertible Redeemable Promissory Note, dated August 12, 2022, issued by the Company to GS Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 18, 2022) 

4.17 
 
 10 Convertible Note, dated August 15, 1022, issued by the Company to One44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 18, 2022) 

4.18 
 
 8 Convertible Redeemable Note, dated September 21, 2022, issued by the Company to GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 2022) 

4.19 
 
 10 Convertible Redeemable Note, dated February 14, 2023, issued by the Company to ONE44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.20 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 2023) 

4.20 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated June 29, 2023, issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 2023) 

4.21 
 
 Form of Warrant dated July 5, 2023, issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 2023) 

4.22 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated July 19, 2023, issued to 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2023). 

53 

4.23 
 
 10 Original Issue Discount Promissory Note, dated August 15, 2023, issued to a Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 21, 2023) 

4.24 
 
 8 Convertible Promissory Note, dated August 16, 2023, issued to an Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 21, 2023) 

4.25 
 
 8 Convertible Redeemable Note, dated August 23, 2023 issued to an Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 29, 2023) 

10.1 
 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between the Company and James Nathanielsz, dated February 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 17, 2015). 

10.2 
 
 Debt Settlement Agreement between the Company and Julian Kenyon, dated February 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 17, 2015). 

10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement entered into as of February 25, 2015 by and between James Nathanielsz and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 25, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Director Agreement entered into as of February 25, 2015 by and between Julian Kenyon and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 25, 2016). 

10.5 
 
 Form of Scientific Advisory Board Member Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on March 25, 2016. 

10.6 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement entered into as of April 14, 2016 by and between James Nathanielsz and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 16, 2016). 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement entered into as of September 25, 2017 by and between James Nathanielsz and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on September 28, 2017). 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2019, by and between the James Nathanielsz and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2019). 

10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Services Agreement, by and between Julian Kenyon and the Company, dated as of May 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2019). 

10.11 
 
 Director Agreement by and between Josef Zelinger and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2020). 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Director Agreement by and between Josef Zelinger and the Company, dated August 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021). 

54 

10.13 
 
 Cancellation Agreement by and between James Nathanielsz and the Company, dated August 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Cancellation Agreement by and between Julian Kenyon and the Company, dated August 12, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021). 

10.15 
 
 Manufacturing Services Agreement by and between Q-Biologicals NV (now Amatsigroup NV) and the Company, dated August 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2016). 

10.16 
 
 Quality Assurance Agreement by and between Q-Biologicals NV (now Amatsigroup NV) and the Company dated August 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 23, 2016). 

10.27 
 
 Propanc Biopharma, Inc. s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2019). 

10.28 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated October 8, 2019) 

10.29 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 7, 2021, by and between the Company and One44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 13, 2021) 

10.30 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 7, 2022, by and between the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 10, 2022) 

10.31 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated March 29, 2022, by and between the Company and One44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 1, 2022) 

10.32 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 12, 2022, 2022, by and between the Company and Sixth Street Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022) 

10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 12, 2022, by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 18, 2022) 

10.35 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2022, by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 7, 2022) 

10.36 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 12, 2022, by and between the Company and GS Capital Partners LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 18, 2022) 

10.37 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 15, 2022, by and between the Company and ONE44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 18, 2022) 

10.38 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 21, 2022, by and between the Company and GS Capital Partners, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 26, 2022) 

10.39 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between the Company and James Nathanielsz, dated October 26, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 1, 2022) 

10.40 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and between the Company and ONE44 Capital LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 21, 2023) 

10.41 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated November 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Coventry Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023). 

10.42 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 3, 2022, by and between the Company and Coventry Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

10.43 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 3, 2022, by and between the Company and the Coventry Enterprises, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

10.44 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 8, 2023, by and between the Company and Ionic Ventures, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 15, 2023) 

10.45 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2023, by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 2023) 

10.46 
 
 July Loan Agreement, dated July 5, 2023, by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 29, 2023) 

10.47 
 
 Equity Line Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, by and between the Company and Dutchess Capital Growth Fund L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 26, 2023) 

10.48 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, by and between the Company and Dutchess Capital Growth Fund L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 26, 2023) 

10.49 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2023, by and between the Company and 1800 Diagonal Lending LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 8, 2023) 

10.50 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2023, by and between the Company and an Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 80K dated August 21, 2023) 

55 

10.51 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2023, by and between the Company and an Investor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 29, 2023) 

21.1 
 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Salberg Company, P.A. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.
 INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.
 SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.
 CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.
 DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.
 PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to the requirements of Item 15(a)(3)
of Form 10-K. 

56 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PROPANC
 BIOPHARMA, INC. 

Dated:
 September 28, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 James Nathanielsz 

James
 Nathanielsz 

Chief
 Executive Officer, 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 James Nathanielsz 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Director 
 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 James
 Nathanielsz 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Julian Kenyon 
 
 Chief
 Scientific Officer and Director 
 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Julian
 Kenyon 

/s/
 Josef Zelinger 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 28, 2023 
 
 Josef
 Zelinger 

57 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 ex14-1.htm

Exhibit 14.1 

Propane
Health Group Corporation 
Code of Ethics 

Introduction 

These
Ethical Guidelines will serve as the Code of Ethics Guidelines for Propanc Health Group Corporation Propane and as such they cover a wide spectrum of business practices and procedures. They do not cover every issue that may arise, but they set
out some basic principles to guide all employees and directors of Propanc. We expect all of our employees and directors to comply with
them and to seek to avoid even the appearance of improper behavior. These Guidelines should also be provided to and followed by Propanc s
agents and representatives, including consultants. Although the Guidelines refer to our employees and sometimes, our officers (each of
whom is an employee) and directors, all Guidelines apply to our directors even when we do not specifically refer to them. 

If
a law conflicts with a policy in these Guidelines, you must comply with the law. If you have any questions about these conflicts, you
should ask your supervisor how to handle the situation. Those who violate these Guidelines may be subject to disciplinary action. Depending
on the nature of the violation, the disciplinary action may include termination of employment. If you are in a situation, which you believe
may violate or lead to a violation of these Guidelines, follow the recommendations described below. 

Compliance
with Laws, Rules and Regulations 

Obeying
the law, both in letter and in spirit, is the foundation on which Propanc s ethical standards and our reputation are built. All
employees must respect and obey the laws of the cities, states and nations in which we operate. Although not all employees are expected
to know the details of these laws, it is important to know enough to determine when to seek advice from supervisors, managers, Propanc s
legal counsel or other appropriate personnel. If requested, Propanc will hold information and training sessions to promote compliance
with laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading laws. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

A
 conflict of interest exists when a person s private interest interferes in any way with the interests of
Propanc. A conflict may arise when an employee, officer or director takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to
perform duties for Propanc objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest arise whenever a family member of an officer, director
or employee provides goods or services (including as an employee) or otherwise engages in business with Propanc. All of these
relationships require prior approval of our Audit Committee or our Board. Conflicts of interest may also arise when an employee,
officer or director, or members of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position with
Propanc. For example, loans to, or guarantees of obligations of, employees and their family members may create conflicts of
interest. By law, Propane cannot make any loans to its executive officers and directors. It is almost always a conflict of interest
for a Propane employee to work simultaneously for a competitor, client or supplier. You are not allowed to work for a
competitor as a consultant or board member. The best policy is to avoid any direct or indirect business connection with our clients,
suppliers or competitors, except on our behalf. Conflicts of interest are prohibited as a matter of company policy, except under
specific guidelines approved by Propanc s board of directors (the Board ). Conflicts of interest may not always
be clear-cut, so if you have a question, you should consult with higher levels of management or Propanc s legal counsel. Any
employee, officer or director who becomes aware of a conflict or potential conflict should bring it to the attention of a
supervisor, manager or other appropriate personnel or consult the procedures described below. Our executive officers and directors
must also comply with our Policy and our Insider Trading Policy. 

1 

Insider
Trading 

Employees
who have access to confidential information are not permitted to use or share that information for trading purposes or for any other
purpose except the conduct of our business. All non-public information about Propanc should be considered confidential information. To
use non-public information for personal benefit (financial or otherwise) or to tip others who might make an investment
decision on the basis of this information is not only unethical but also illegal under the federal securities laws. In order to comply
with the securities laws against insider trading, Propanc has adopted a specific policy governing employees trading in securities
of Propanc. Propane is required to provide you with a copy of our Insider Trading Policy. If you have not received this Policy, please
notify your supervisor. 

Corporate
Opportunities 

Employees,
officers and directors are prohibited from taking for themselves personally, opportunities that are discovered through the use of Propanc s
property, information or from their position with Propanc without the consent of the Board. No employee may use Propanc s property,
information, or their position with Propane, for improper personal gain. Under no circumstances may an employee compete with Propane
directly or indirectly. Employees, officers and directors owe a duty of loyalty to Propane to advance its legitimate interests when the
opportunity to do so arises. 

Competition
and Fair Dealing 

We
seek to outperform our competition fairly and honestly. Stealing proprietary information, possessing trade secret information that
was obtained without the owner s consent, or inducing such disclosures by past or present employees of other companies is
prohibited. Each employee should endeavor to respect the rights of and deal fairly with Propane s clients, suppliers,
competitors and other employees. No employee should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of
privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other intentional unfair dealing practice. The purpose of
business entertainment and gifts in a commercial setting is to create goodwill and sound working relationships, not to gain unfair
advantage with clients. No gift or entertainment should be offered, given, provided or accepted by any employee, family member of an
employee, or agent unless it: (1) is not a cash gift, (2) is consistent with customary business practices, (3) is not excessive
in value, (4) cannot be construed as a bribe or payoff and (5) does not violate any laws or regulations. Please discuss with your
supervisor any gifts or proposed gifts which you are not certain are appropriate. 

2 

Discrimination
and Harassment 

The
diversity of Propanc s employees is a tremendous asset. We are firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of
employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment. Examples may include derogatory comments based on racial or
ethnic characteristics and unwelcome sexual advances. 

Health
and Safety 

Propanc
strives to provide each employee with a safe and healthy work environment. Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe and
healthy workplace for all employees by following safety and health rules and practices and reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment,
practices or conditions. Violence and threatening behavior are not permitted. Employees should report to work in condition to perform
their duties, free from the influence of illegal drugs or alcohol. The use of alcohol or illegal drugs in the workplace will not be tolerated. 

Record-Keeping 

Propanc
requires honest and accurate recording and reporting of information in order to make responsible business decisions. For example, only
the true and actual number of hours worked should be reported. Some employees are authorized to use business expense accounts, which
must be documented and recorded accurately. If you are not sure whether a certain expense is legitimate, ask your supervisor or our Chief
Financial Officer. All of Propanc s books, records, accounts and financial statements must be maintained in reasonable detail,
must appropriately reflect Propanc s transactions and must conform both to applicable legal requirements and to Propanc s
system of internal controls. Unrecorded or off the books funds or assets should not be maintained unless permitted by applicable
law or regulation. Business records and communications often become public, and we should avoid exaggeration, derogatory remarks, guesswork,
or inappropriate characterizations of people and companies that can be misunderstood. This applies equally to e-mail, internal memos,
and formal reports. Records should always be retained or destroyed according to Propanc s record retention policies. In accordance
with those policies, in the event of litigation or governmental investigation please consult Propanc s legal counsel. 

Confidentiality 

Employees
must maintain the confidentiality of confidential information entrusted to them by Propanc or its clients except when disclosure is
authorized by Propanc s legal counsel or required by laws or regulations. Confidential information includes all non-public
information that might be of use to competitors, or harmful to Propanc or its clients if disclosed. It also includes information
that suppliers and clients have entrusted to us. The obligation to preserve confidential information continues even after employment
ends. 

3 

Protection
and Proper Use of Propanc s Assets 

All
employees should endeavor to protect Propanc s assets and ensure their efficient use. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a direct
impact on Propanc s profitability. Any suspected incident of fraud or theft should be immediately reported for investigation. Propanc s
equipment should not be used for non-Propanc business, though incidental personal use may be permitted. The obligation of employees to
protect Propanc s assets includes its proprietary information. Proprietary information includes intellectual property such as trade
secrets, patents, trademarks, and copyrights, as well as business, marketing and service plans, ideas, designs, databases, records, salary
information and any unpublished financial data and reports. While unauthorized use or distribution of this information would violate
company policy, it could also be illegal and result in civil or even criminal penalties. 

Payments
to Government Personnel 

The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits giving anything of value, directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or
foreign political candidates in order to obtain or retain business. It is strictly prohibited to make illegal payments to government
officials of any country. This also applies to the making of improper payments to obtain business from commercial clients in the United
States. In addition, the U.S. government has a number of laws and regulations regarding business gratuities which may be accepted by
U.S. government personnel. The promise, offer or delivery to an official or employee of the U.S. government of a gift, favor or other
gratuity in violation of these rules would not only violate company policy but could also be a criminal offense. State and local governments,
as well as foreign governments, may have similar rules. Our legal counsel can provide guidance to you in this area. 

Waivers
of These Ethical Guidelines 

Any
waiver of these Guidelines for executive officers or directors may be made only by the Board or a Board committee and will be promptly
disclosed if required by law. 

Reporting
Any Illegal or Unethical Behavior 

Employees
are encouraged to talk to supervisors, managers or other appropriate personnel about observed illegal or unethical behavior and when
in doubt about the best course of action in a particular situation. It is the policy of Propanc not to allow retaliation for reports
of misconduct by others made in good faith by employees. Employees are expected to cooperate in internal investigations of misconduct.
 Any employee may submit a good faith concern regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters or other matters without fear of
dismissal or retaliation of any kind to the chairman of our Audit Committee or Propanc s legal counsel who are listed on the last
page of these Guidelines. 

4 

Compliance
Procedures 

We
must all work to ensure prompt and consistent action against violations of these Guidelines. However, in some situations it is difficult
to know if a violation has occurred. Since we cannot anticipate every situation that will arise, it is important that we have a way to
approach a new question or problem. These are the steps to keep in mind: 

Make
 sure you have all the facts in order to reach the right solutions; we must be as fully informed
 as possible. 

Ask
 yourself: What specifically am I being asked to do? Does it seem unethical or improper? This
 will enable you to focus on the specific question you are faced with, and the alternatives
 you have. Use your judgment and common sense; if something seems unethical or improper, it
 probably is. 

Clarify
 your responsibility and role. In most situations, there is shared responsibility. Are your
 colleagues informed? It may help to get others involved and discuss the problem. 

Discuss
 the problem with your supervisor. 

This
is the basic guidance for all situations. In many cases, your supervisor will be more knowledgeable about the question, and will appreciate
being brought into the decision-making process. Remember that it is your supervisor s responsibility to help solve problems. 

Seek
help from Company resources. In the rare case where it may not be appropriate to discuss an issue with your supervisor, or where you
do not feel comfortable approaching your supervisor with your question, discuss it with your office manager or with a human resources
officer. 

You
may report ethical violations in confidence and without fear of retaliation. Additionally, if your situation requires that your identity
be kept confidential, your anonymity will be protected. Further, you may speak with Propanc s legal counsel on any of these matters.
Under no circumstances does Propanc permit or tolerate any form of retaliation against employees for good faith reports of potential
ethical violations. 

Always
ask first, act later. If you are unsure of what to do in any situation, seek guidance before you act. 

Special
Policies with Respect to Certain Officers 

The
Chief Executive Officer CEO and all financial officers, including the Chief Financial Officer CFO and
principal accounting officer, are bound by the provisions set forth above including those relating to ethical conduct, conflicts of interest
and compliance with law. In addition, the CEO, CFO and any other financial officers and employees are subject to the following
additional specific policies: 

The
 CEO, CFO and all financial officers and employees are responsible for full, fair, accurate,
 timely and understandable disclosure in the periodic reports required to be filed by Propanc
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, it is the responsibility of the
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer or employee promptly to bring to the attention of the
 Board or the Audit Committee any material information of which he or she may become aware
 that affects the disclosures made by Propanc in its public filings or otherwise assist the
 Board and the Audit Committee, in fulfilling their responsibilities. 

5 

The
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer or employee shall promptly bring to the attention of
 the Board and the Audit Committee, any information he or she may have concerning (a) significant
 deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect
 Propanc s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data or (b) any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in Propanc s financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls. 

The
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer and employee shall promptly bring to the attention of
 our legal counsel or the CEO and to the Audit Committee any information he or she may have
 concerning any violation of these Guidelines, including any actual or apparent conflicts
 of interest between personal and professional relationships, involving any management or
 other employees who have a significant role in Propanc s financial reporting, disclosures
 or internal controls. 

The
 CEO, CFO and each financial officer and employee shall promptly bring to the attention of
 Propanc s legal counsel or the CEO and to the Audit Committee any information he or
 she may have concerning evidence of a material violation of the securities or other laws,
 rules or regulations applicable to Propanc and the operation of its business, by Propanc
 or any agent thereof, or of violation of these Guidelines or of these additional special
 policies and procedures. 

The
Board shall determine, or designate appropriate persons to determine, appropriate actions to be taken in the event of violations of these
Guidelines or these additional special procedures by the CEO, CFO and Propanc s financial officers and employees. Such actions
shall be reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote accountability for adherence to these Guidelines and to these additional
special procedures, and shall include written notices to the individual involved that the Board has determined that there has been a
violation, censure by the Board, demotion or re-assignment of the individual involved, suspension with or without pay or benefits (as
determined by the Board) and termination of the individual s employment. In determining what action is appropriate in a particular
case, the Board or such designee shall take into account all relevant information, including the nature and severity of the violation,
whether the violation was a single occurrence or repeated occurrences, whether the violation appears to have been intentional or inadvertent,
whether the individual in question had been advised prior to 

6 

the
violation as to the proper course of action and whether or not the individual in question had committed other violations in the past. 

To
insure your confidentiality, we have supplied the cell phone numbers of our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman
of our Audit Committee and legal counsel including their personal email addresses. 

Chief
Executive Officer 

James Nathanielsz 

Office
No.: (____ 

Cell
No.: 

 Email: 

Outside
Legal Counsel: 

Michael
D. Harris, Esq 

Office
No.: (561) 689-4441 

Cell
No.: (561) 644-2222 

Email:
 mharris@harriscramer.com 

7 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Propanc
Biopharma, Inc. 

 List
of Subsidiaries 

 As
of September 28, 2023 

Entity
 Name 

Propanc
 Pty Ltd 
 
 Propanc
 (UK) Ltd 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-238240), of our report dated
September 28, 2023 on the consolidated financial statements of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. and Subsidiary as of and for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, which report is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. for the year ended June 30,
2023. 

/s/
 Salberg Company, P.A. 

SALBERG
 COMPANY, P.A. 

Boca
 Raton, Florida 

September
 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
James Nathanielsz , certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 28, 2023 
 /s/
 James Nathanielsz 

James
 Nathanielsz 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) 

 UNDER
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

I,
James Nathanielsz, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures; and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 28, 2023 
 /s/
 James Nathanielsz 

James
 Nathanielsz 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 OF
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023
(the Report ), I, James Nathanielsz, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date:
 September 28, 2023 
 /s/
 James Nathanielsz 

James
 Nathanielsz 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ppcb-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ppcb-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ppcb-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ppcb-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

