<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_867840_0001683168-23-006801.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4936022</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>111308</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>893292</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1447157</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1090275</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1271781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006801.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230928160538
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006801
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		60
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230928

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000867840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				042795294
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10647
		FILM NUMBER:		231289517

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			GARDNER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01440
		BUSINESS PHONE:		978-630-1800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		22 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			GARDNER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01440

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRECISION OPTICS Corp INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PRECISION OPTICS CORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19600201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006801.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 poci_i10k-063023.htm
 FORM 10-K FOR JUNE 2023

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR
15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
__________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act. Yes 

The aggregate market value
of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2023 was approximately 
based on a total of 4,608,637 shares of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2023, at the closing price
of 6.15 per share, as reported on Nasdaq on June 30, 2023. 

The number of shares of
outstanding common stock of the registrant as of September 22, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by reference: None. 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 7 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures (Not applicable.) 
 7 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 8 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 8 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 11 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 12 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 12 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 12 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 13 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 13 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 13 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 13 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 13 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 14 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 17 

Signatures 
 18 

i 

PART I 

This Annual Report contains forward-looking
statements as defined under the federal securities laws. All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K regarding our financial performance, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations
and any other future events are forward-looking statements and based on our beliefs and assumptions. When used in this report, the words
 anticipate, suggest, estimate, plan, project, continue, 
 ongoing, potential, expect, predict, believe, intend, 
 may, will, should, could, would and other similar words are one
way to identify such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results
could vary materially from these forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect our current view with respect to future events and
are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including, without limitation, those risks and uncertainties contained in
the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings made with the SEC. Although we believe that our
expectations are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Based upon changing conditions,
any one or more of these events described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected or intended may not occur. All prior and
subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to our Company or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified
in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this
Annual Report to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

We have been a developer and
manufacturer of advanced optical instruments since 1982. Our proprietary medical instrumentation line, unique custom design and manufacturing
capabilities, and expert engineering and development has generated traditional proprietary endoscopes and endocouplers as well as other
custom imaging and illumination products for our customers use in minimally invasive surgical procedures. We design and manufacture
3D endoscopes and very small Microprecision lenses, assemblies and complete medical devices to meet the surgical community s continuing
demand for smaller, disposable, and more enhanced imaging systems for minimally invasive surgery. 

Effective June 1, 2019 we acquired
the operating assets of Ross Optical Industries, Inc. of El Paso, Texas. As Ross Optical Industries we also operate as a supplier of
custom optical components and assemblies for military and defense, medical and various other industrial applications. All products sold
by us under the Ross Optical name include a custom or catalog optic, which is sourced through our extensive domestic and worldwide network
of optical fabrication suppliers. Most systems make use of optical lenses, prisms, mirrors and windows and range from individual optical
components to complex mechano-optical assemblies. Products often include thin film optical coatings that are applied using our in-house
coating department. 

Effective October 1, 2021 we
acquired the operating assets of Lighthouse Imaging, LLC of Windham, Maine. Our Lighthouse Imaging division supplements our operations
as a manufacturer of advanced optical imaging systems and accessories and has provided further expertise in electrical engineering and
development of end-to-end medical visualization devices. Product development competencies at Lighthouse Imaging include Systems, Optical,
Mechanical, Electrical and Process Development Engineering. Our product development team has extensive experience developing visualization
systems that are used in a variety of clinical applications. Lighthouse Imaging is an industry leader in chip-on-tip visualization systems. 

During the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2022, approximately 34 our business was from engineering services primarily relating to the design of medical device optical
assemblies, 41 from the sale of both internally manufactured and purchased optical components, and 25 from the manufacture of optical
assemblies and sub-assemblies primarily for medical device instrument applications. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, approximately
32 our business was from engineering services primarily relating to the design of medical device optical assemblies, 50 from the sale
of both internally manufactured and purchased optical components, and 18 from the manufacture of optical assemblies and sub-assemblies
primarily for medical device instrument. We expect sales revenue increases to result from assembly and manufacturing orders received
from our customers for the products we assist them in designing using our unique optical product design and manufacturing capabilities.
Much of the technology we have developed for making smaller medical devices can also be used in defense and aerospace systems where smaller
size and weight can be beneficial. 

1 

History 

We incorporated in Massachusetts
in December 1982 and have been publicly-owned since November 1990 and have no subsidiaries. 

Our websites are www.poci.com,
www.rossoptical.com, and www.lighthouseoptics.com. Information contained on our websites does not constitute part of this report. 

Principal Products and Services 

Our Current Core Business: Since 1982,
we have manufactured medical products such as endoscopes and endocouplers. We have developed and sold endoscopes incorporating various
optical technologies, for use in a variety of minimally invasive surgical and diagnostic procedures. Today, we produce endoscopes for
various applications, which are CE marked and therefore certified for sale throughout the European Economic Area. Since 1985, we have
developed, manufactured and sold a proprietary product line of endocouplers. We also design and manufacture custom optical medical devices
to satisfy our customers specific requirements. In addition to medical devices, we also manufacture and sell components and assemblies
specially designed for industrial and military use. 

The acquisition of the assets of Ross Optical
Industries expanded our optics components and assemblies business. All products supplied by Ross Optical include a custom or catalog
optic, which is sourced through Ross Optical s extensive domestic and worldwide network of optical fabrication suppliers. Most
systems make use of optical lenses, prisms, mirrors and windows and range from individual optical components to complex mechano-optical
assemblies. Products often include thin film optical coatings that are applied by the Ross Optical division in-house coating department. 

The acquisition of the assets of Lighthouse Imaging
LLC expanded our electrical engineering and development of end-to-end medical visualization devices. Product development competencies
at Lighthouse Imaging include systems, optical, mechanical, electrical and process development engineering. The Lighthouse product development
team has extensive experience developing visualization systems that are used in a variety of clinical applications representing a vertical
integration of our established product development capabilities we believe will provide our customers with value-added product development
service and product offerings. 

Microprecision Lenses and Micro Medical
Cameras: While the size of endoscopes has gradually decreased over time, the widespread use of very small endoscopes, with diameters
of one millimeter or smaller, has been limited, in part, we believe, by the inability of traditional lens fabrication methods to support
these smaller sizes with good image quality and acceptable manufacturing costs. We believe our Microprecision optics technology
provides a solution to this problem. Combined with recent advances by other companies in complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor, or
CMOS, image sensor fabrication techniques, our Microprecision lenses and proprietary manufacturing techniques enable the manufacture
of micro medical cameras at low prices and with sizes on the order of one millimeter or less, characteristics that make them well suited
to medical applications. We believe the technology developed to support the design, fabrication and manufacturing of Microprecision 
lenses and associated assemblies can also be used to satisfy the needs of defense and aerospace systems that require small size and weight. 

We are currently engaged in development projects
to design and produce even smaller CMOS based camera modules together with customized illumination using various technologies to match
the needs of the medical device endoscopes. We are also currently designing disposable versions of our camera modules and assemblies
designed for single-use and reduced risk of contamination from repeated use. We believe these on-going improvements are significant to
the continued evolution and acceptance of our Microprecision technology platform. 

3D Endoscopes: Our 3D endoscopes provide
next generation optical imaging for minimally invasive surgical procedures that utilize hand-held rigid endoscopes by using the brain s
natural ability to perceive depth, which is the third dimension, by viewing one s environment through two eyes. Utilizing our proprietary
technology to provide independent images to right and left eyes, surgeons can view the operative field with 3D perception. 

2 

Competition and Markets 

We sell our products in highly competitive markets
and we compete for business with both foreign and domestic manufacturers. Many of our current competitors are larger than us and have
substantially greater resources than we do. In addition, there is an ongoing risk that other domestic or foreign companies who do not
currently service or manufacture products for our target markets, some with greater experience in the optics industry and greater financial
resources than we have, may seek to produce products or services that compete directly with ours. 

While our resources are substantially more limited
than those of some of our competitors, we believe that we can compete successfully in this market based on product quality, price, delivery
and innovation tailored to our customers specifications. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to maintain a technological
advantage over our competitors and to effectively incorporate that technology into our custom designs. To this end, we intend to continue
to aggressively support and augment our internal engineering, research and development resources and to aggressively pursue patent protection
for existing and new technology. We believe that our unique technical capabilities in the areas of Microprecision optics, micro
medical cameras and illumination, as well as 3D endoscopes, currently represent competitive advantages for us in the minimally invasive
surgical device market. We recently augmented and extended these capabilities with the acquisition of Lighthouse Imaging which brings
to the Company extensive experience with design and manufacture of minimally invasive optical imaging surgical devices, particularly
those utilizing CMOS sensor and associated electronics technologies. 

The competitive advantage of our Ross Optical
division is its ability to provide difficult-to-find optics, and, increasingly, to provide a broader range of services based on its ability
to source optics worldwide, augmented by its ability to provide thin-film coatings and assembly. 

Market Opportunities 

Microprecision Lenses and Micro Medical
Cameras: While other approaches exist for the manufacture of camera lenses, we design custom camera module assemblies with the combined
objectives of low cost, small size, range of optical specifications and high image quality required by our customer s precise medical
device specifications. By enabling the production of millimeter sized and smaller cameras with low manufacturing costs, we believe our
Microprecision technology opens the possibility to replace existing re-sterilizable endoscopes with a single-use alternative.
Also, the small size of our Microprecision lenses and micro medical cameras combined with our proprietary illumination techniques
can provide visualization for existing procedures that are currently performed blind or with sub-optimal imaging, and we believe can
facilitate the development of new surgical procedures that are currently impractical without sub-millimeter visualization instrumentation. 

3D Endoscopes and Robotic Surgery Systems :
3D endoscopes have been used for many years as part of robotic surgery systems partly because the market price of robotic surgery systems
is high enough to support the cost of a high-quality custom 3D display. Competition amongst medical device companies, many of which are
our customers for other products, in the area of 3D robotic surgery systems is increasing, and various companies are now pursuing less
expensive, procedure specific robotic systems. We believe our experience and expertise in 3D endoscopes for medical applications could
be a benefit to various companies in this area that could provide us with new product development and manufacturing opportunities. 

Sales and Marketing 

Current sales and marketing activities are intended
to broaden awareness of the benefits of our new technology platforms and our successful application of these new technologies to medical
device projects requiring surgery-grade visualization, as well as defense, aerospace and other industrial applications, from sub-millimeter
sized devices and 3D endoscopy, including single-use products and assemblies. We market directly to established medical device companies
primarily in the United States that we believe could benefit from our advanced endoscopy visualization systems. Through this direct marketing,
referrals, attendance at trade shows and a presence in online professional association websites, we have expanded our on-going pipeline
of projects to significant medical device companies and to well-funded emerging medical device companies, and to a number of major defense
/ aerospace companies.. We expect our customer pipeline to continue to expand as development projects transition to production orders
and new customer projects enter the development phase. 

3 

International Business 

Our medical products have received the CE mark
certification, which permits sales into the European Economic Area and which benefits our customers as they market their products manufactured
by us or containing our sub-assemblies into markets outside the United States. We acquire various optical components from overseas as
necessary to meet the needs of custom device designs. We believe that the availability of specialized components and cost savings from
various overseas production resources is essential to our ability to deliver complex and unique device designs and to compete on a price
basis in the medical products area particularly and to our profitability generally. We have an expanded network of overseas suppliers
of various types and sizes of optical components and assemblies that enhance our ability to meet the material demands of our customers 
unique optical and medical device designs. 

Research and Development 

We believe that our future success depends, to
a large degree, on our ability to continue to conceive and develop new optical products and technologies to enhance the performance characteristics
and methods of manufacture of existing and new products. Although development work on behalf of customers is almost entirely performed
under revenue generating contracts and customer purchase orders, research and development expenses are incurred on our own proprietary
products and technology, such as Microprecision optics, micro medical cameras and 3D endoscopes. Accordingly, we treat engineering
expenses not consumed in customer contracted development and our investment of funds and resources in internal product and intellectual
property development as research and development expense in the accompanying statement of operations. 

Raw Materials and Principal Suppliers 

A key raw material component for our products
is precision grade optical glass, which we obtain from a few suppliers, principally SCHOTT North America, Inc. and Ohara Corporation. 

We obtain CMOS sensors used in the development
of endoscope products for our customers from various suppliers such as OmniVision Technologies, Inc. We believe that while the number
of sources of supply is limited for the CMOS sensors with the specifications used in medical device endoscopes we develop; the manufacturing
capacities of those suppliers is adequate to meet our demand in the next twelve months. 

Patents and Trademarks 

We rely, in part, upon patents, trade secrets
and proprietary knowledge as well as personnel policies and employee confidentiality agreements concerning inventions and other creative
efforts to develop and maintain our competitive position. We plan to file for patents, copyrights and trademarks in the United States
and in other appropriate countries to protect our intellectual property rights to the greatest extent practicable. We currently hold
rights to various United States patents, and have patent applications pending, including applications for our new generation of micro
medical cameras. Our current patent portfolio includes patents, rights to patents and patent applications that cover various aspects
of our technology in the following areas: 

Medical
 devices; 

3-D
 endoscopes; 

Microprecision 
 lenses and micro medical cameras; 

Defense
 products. 

The patents contained in our current patent portfolio
have various expiration dates through March 2043. We are not aware of any infringements of these patents. While we believe that our pending
applications relate to patentable devices or concepts, these patents may not ultimately be issued and we may not be able to successfully
defend these patents or effectively limit the development of competitive products and services. We intend to continue to innovate and
extend our technological capabilities in the areas of 3-D endoscopy Microprecision optics, micro medical cameras, and related
illumination techniques, and to aggressively pursue patent protection for such developments. 

4 

Employees 

As of June 30, 2023, we had 85 employees, 84
of which were full-time employees. There were 43 employees in manufacturing, 20 in engineering/research and development, 8 in sales and
marketing, and 14 in finance and administration. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe our relations
with our employees are very good. 

C ustomers 

During fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 we sold
product and services to 361 customers and one customer accounted for 11.4 of our total revenues for that year. The loss of this customer
would not have a material impact on our business. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, we sold products and services to 377 customers
and no customer accounted for more than 10 of our total revenues for that year. 

Two customer accounts receivable balances accounted
for 14.0 and 13.7 of total receivables on June 30, 2023. No customer accounts receivable balance accounted for more than 10 of accounts
receivable on June 30, 2022. 

Environmental Matters 

Our operations are subject to a variety of federal,
state and local laws and regulations relating to the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise relative to the protection
of the environment. From time to time, we use a small amount of hazardous materials in our operations. We believe that we currently comply
with all applicable environmental laws and regulations and intend to do our best efforts to remain in compliance. Such compliance does
not entail significant expense to us. 

Government Regulations 

Domestic Regulation . We currently develop,
manufacture and sell several medical products, the marketing of which is subject to governmental regulation in the United States. Medical
devices are regulated in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and, in some cases, by certain state agencies.
The FDA regulates the research, design, testing, manufacture, safety, effectiveness, labeling, promotion and distribution of medical
devices in the United States. Generally, medical devices require clearance or approval prior to commercial distribution. Additionally,
certain material changes to, and changes in, intended uses of, medical devices are also subject to FDA review and clearance or approval.
Non-compliance with applicable requirements can result in failure of the FDA to grant pre-market clearance or approval, withdrawal or
suspension of approval, suspension of production, or the imposition of various other penalties. 

We previously notified the FDA of our intent
to market our endoscopes, image couplers, beamsplitters, adapters and video ophthalmoscopes, and the FDA has determined that we may market
such devices, subject to the general control provisions of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. We obtained this FDA permission without the
need to undergo a lengthy and expensive approval process due to the FDA s determination that such devices met the regulatory standard
of being substantially equivalent to existing FDA-approved devices. 

In the future, we plan to market additional medical
devices that may require the FDA s permission to market such products. We may also develop additional products or seek to sell
some of our current or future medical products in a manner that requires us or our customers to obtain the permission of the FDA to market
such products, as well as the regulatory approval or license of other federal, state and local agencies or similar agencies in other
countries. The FDA has authority to conduct detailed inspections of manufacturing plants in order to assure that good manufacturing
practices are being followed in the manufacture of medical devices including medical devices or components of medical devices
manufactured for other medical device companies, to require periodic reporting of product defects to the FDA, and to prohibit the sale
of devices which do not comply with law. 

5 

We design and manufacture components for the
defense industry, and import, export and manufacture optical products for the defense industry, some of which is controlled by U.S. regulations.
Generally, these regulations require strict control over technical data in documented form and as embodied in products, both within our
company and as part of exported shipments. In particular, we maintain a technology control plan, we are ISO certified and ITAR (International
Traffic in Arms Regulations) registered with the U.S. State Department and we maintain a number of technology assistance agreements with
overseas suppliers that have been approved by the U.S. State Department. Non-compliance with applicable requirements can result in U.S.
actions that may result in withdrawal or suspension of approvals, suspension of company imports, exports or production, or the imposition
of fines or various other penalties. 

Foreign Requirements . Sales of medical
device products outside the United States are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that may vary from country to country. Our failure
to comply with foreign regulatory requirements would jeopardize our ability to market and sell our products in foreign jurisdictions.
The regulatory environment in the European Union member countries of the European Economic Area for medical device products differs from
that in the United States. Medical devices sold in the European Economic Area must bear the Conformit Europ enne, or CE
mark. Devices are classified by manufacturers according to the risks they represent, with a classification of Class III representing
the highest risk devices and Class I representing the lowest risk devices. Once a device has been classified, the manufacturer can
follow one of a series of conformity assessment routes, typically through a registered quality system, and demonstrate compliance to
a European Notified Body. The CE mark may then be applied to the device. Maintenance of the system is ensured through annual
on-site audits by the notified body and a post-market surveillance system requiring the manufacturer to submit serious complaints to
the appropriate governmental authority. All of our medical products are manufactured in conformity with the CE mark requirements. 

Available Information 

Our website is www.poci.com.
We make available on our website, free of charge, copies of our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish
such materials to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Our website and the information contained therein or connected thereto
are not intended to be incorporated into this report. 

The SEC maintains an Internet
site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the
SEC at http://www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We conduct our domestic operations at three facilities
in Gardner, Massachusetts, one facility in El Paso, Texas, and one facility in Windham, Maine. The facilities in El Paso and Windham
are leased from unrelated parties. The Company leases its primary facility in Gardner, Massachusetts from Equity Assets, Inc. EAI ),
an entity formerly owned by the Company s founder Richard E. Forkey and then later owned by a trust controlled by his step-daughter,
established for the benefit of the step-daughter and four siblings (including Joseph N. Forkey, who is Chief Executive Officer, President,
Treasurer and a Director of the Company). The original lease for the principal facility in Gardner expired in 1999, and the Company has
since been a tenant-at-will, paying rent to EAI of 9,000 per month for that facility. On July 19, 2023, the trust distributed the EAI
shares equally among the five beneficiaries (20 each). Those shareholders then entered into a shareholder agreement under which all
five were elected as directors and under which Joseph N. Forkey has been elected as president. The shareholder agreement provides that
Dr. Forkey will be recused from any matters involving negotiations with the Company, including without limitation any lease negotiations.
Dr. Forkey is not compensated by EAI for his services as president or a director, and his present 20 interest in rents being received
from the Company is 21,600 per year. 

6 

The Company for many years has also been a tenant-at-will
at the other two Gardner facilities, paying rent to unrelated parties. 

We believe these facilities in
Gardner, El Paso and Windham are adequate for our current operations and are adequately covered by insurance. Significant increases in
production or the addition of significant equipment additions or manufacturing capabilities in connection with the production of our
line of endoscopes and other products may, however, require improvements to existing facilities or the acquisition or lease of additional
facilities. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

Our Company, on occasion, may
become involved in legal matters arising in the ordinary course of our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition or results of operations. We are not currently aware of any pending or threatened litigation against us
or our officers and directors in their capacity as such that could have a material impact on our operations or finances. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

7 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on
the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol POCI. 

Holders 

As of September 26, 2023, we had approximately
144 holders of record of our common stock. Holders of record include nominees who may hold shares on behalf of multiple owners. 

Dividends 

We have not declared any dividends during the
last two fiscal years. At present, we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance research and development and the expansion of
our business. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On June 15, 2023, the Company entered into agreements,
including a Stock Purchase Agreement and other related agreements (collectively, the Purchase Agreements ), with certain
institutional and accredited investors calling for the purchase and sale of 420,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of 6.00
per share. The stock issuance closed on June 20, 2023, resulting in 2.52 million of gross proceeds to the Company. The Purchase Agreements
oblige the Company to register the purchased shares for resale by those investors. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL
DATA. [RESERVED] 

8 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and Notes thereto, and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains descriptions
of our expectations regarding future trends affecting our business. The following discussion sets forth certain factors we believe could
cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies
and Estimates 

Our critical accounting policies
are included in the Notes to our Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Results of Operations for the Fiscal Year
Ended June 30, 2023 as Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Total revenues for the fiscal year ended June
30, 2023 were 21,044,467, as compared to 15,678,248 for the same period in the prior year, an increase of 5,366,219, or 34.2 . Optical
component revenue increased approximately 4,042,000 in fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022, while engineering revenue increased
approximately 1,357,000, and assembly production revenues were virtually unchanged during the same period. The increases in optical
components were largely driven by large orders from defense/aerospace customers. Increases in the engineering revenue year over year
are primarily due to improved timing of certain programs while the pipeline for these revenue sources remains strong. 

Gross profit for fiscal year ended June 30, 2023
of 7,734,136, reflected an increase of 2,805,949, or 56.9 , as compared to gross profit for fiscal year 2022 of 4,928,187, and was
benefited from a one-time sale of technology rights in the amount of 600,000 as well as overall increased revenue. Gross profit, as
a percentage of revenues for fiscal year 2023, was 36.8 as compared to gross profit, as a percentage of revenues for fiscal year 2022,
of 31.4 , due in part to improved utilization of our engineering and manufacturing resources. Gross profit and gross profit percentage
for any given fiscal period depend on a number of factors, including overall sales volume, facility utilization, product sales mix, the
nature and costs of engineering services, design challenges and changes, production start-up costs, customer-imposed project changes
or delays, and the effects of COVID-19 pandemic policy decisions on various economies and our suppliers and customers, as well as the
effects on production efficiencies due to the augmented policies we have incorporated into our operations as a result of the COVID-19
pandemic. 

Research and development expenses were 809,877,
or 3.8 of revenue for fiscal year 2023 as compared to 666,479, or 4.3 of revenue for fiscal year 2022, and increase of 143,398, or
21.5 . 

Selling, general and administrative expenses
were 7,740,562 for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 5,613,473 for the same period in the prior year, an increase of
 2,127,089, or 37.9 . The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in the year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily due
to increased marketing related expenses, additions to our sales and administrative teams due to the growth of the overall organization
and higher bad debt expense. 

The income tax provisions in fiscal years 2023
and 2022 represent the minimum statutory state income tax liability. 

9 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We have sustained recurring net losses for several
years. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 we incurred operating losses of 638,548 and 1,513,890, respectively. At June 30,
2023, our cash and cash equivalents were 2,925,852, accounts receivable were 3,907,407, and current liabilities were 5,259,620, including
 1,174,690 of customer advances received for future order deliveries. 

In connection with our October 2021 acquisition
of Lighthouse Imaging, we entered into a 2,600,000 bank term loan, and sold shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of 1,500,000.
We also secured a 250,000 bank line of credit from the same bank in October 2021 for working capital needs, which was increased to 500,000
in May 2022. In June 2023 we added a second term loan in the amount of 750,000 and increased our line of credit to 1,250,000. There
were no borrowings outstanding on the line of credit on June 30, 2023. On June 20, 2023, we raised 2,288,000 net of expenses through
a private placement of 420,000 shares of our common stock. 

Capital equipment expenditures and additional
patent costs during fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022 were 52,497 and 152,740, respectively. The level of future capital equipment
and patent expenditures will depend on future sales and success of on-going research and development efforts. 

Contractual cash commitments for the fiscal years
subsequent to June 30, 2023, are summarized as follows: 

Fiscal 2024 
 Thereafter 
 Total 
 
 Capital lease for equipment, including interest 
 48,619 
 71,923 
 120,542 
 
 Minimum operating lease payments 
 182,652 
 195,252 
 377,904 

We have contractual cash commitments related
to open purchase orders as of June 30, 2023 of approximately 1,981,592. 

Material Trends and Uncertainties 

We currently have no material trends or uncertainties
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We currently have no off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

10 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations
and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

11 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended June 30,
2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Revenue Recognition Refer to Note
A to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

The Company recognizes revenue upon transfer
of control of promised products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange
for those products. The Company may enter into certain customer contracts that contain unique, customer-specific terms and conditions,
variable consideration, as well as multiple performance obligations. For such contracts, significant interpretation may be required to
determine the appropriate accounting, including the identification of performance obligations, the allocation of the transaction price
to performance obligations in the arrangement, the timing of the transfer of control of promised goods for each of those performance
obligations, estimates of variable consideration and agent versus principal consideration. 

F- 1 

Our assessment of managements evaluation of the above referenced
matters related to proper revenue recognition is significant to our audit because the amounts are material to the financial statements,
the assessment process involves significant judgment, and the application of U.S. generally accepted accounting principles in this area
is complex. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our principal audit procedures related to the Company s revenue
recognition for customer contracts included the following: 

We evaluated the appropriateness of management s
 revenue recognition policies. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of management s
 calculations of revenue and the associated timing of revenue recognized in the consolidated financial statements. 

We selected a sample of revenue transactions and performed
 the following procedures: 

o 
 Obtained and read source documents for each selection,
 including master agreements, purchase orders and other documents that evidenced the customer arrangement. 

o 
 Tested management s identification and treatment
 of the key contract terms, including performance obligations and variable consideration. 

o 
 Assessed the terms in the customer agreement and evaluated
 the appropriateness of management's application of the Company s accounting policies, along with their use of estimates, in
 the determination of revenue recognition conclusions. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2008 

September 28, 2023 

F- 2 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023
and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Fixed Assets: 

Machinery and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Total fixed assets 

Less Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net fixed assets 

Operating lease right-to-use asset 

Patents, net 

Goodwill 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Current portion of capital lease obligation 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Current portion of acquisition earn out liability 

Accounts payable 

Customer advances 

Accrued compensation and other 

Operating lease liability 

Total current liabilities 

Capital lease obligation, net of current portion 

Long-term debt, net of current maturities 

Acquisition earn out liability, net of current portion 

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Stockholders Equity: 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; issued and outstanding shares at June 30, 2023 and shares at June 30, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Research and development expenses, net 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Business acquisition expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Gain on forgiveness of bank note 

Gain on revaluation of contingent earn-out liability 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Loss per share: 

Basic and fully diluted 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic and fully diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity 

 for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Number of Shares 
 Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Issuance of common stock in private placement 

Issuance of common stock in business acquisition 

Proceeds from exercise of stock option 

Exercise of stock options net of shares withheld 

Issuance of common stock for employee services 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock in private placement 

Proceeds from exercise of stock option 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities- 

Gain on revaluation of contingent earn-out liability 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of business acquisition- 

Accounts receivable, net 

Due from related party 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Customer advances 

Accrued compensation and other 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Acquisition of businesses 

Additional patent costs 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payment of capital lease obligations 

Payments of long-term debt 

Issuance of long-term debt 

Payment of debt issuance costs 

Payment of acquisition earn-out liability 

Gross proceeds from private placements of common stock 

Gross proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock for services 

Acquisition of business financed with long-term debt 

Common stock issued in business acquisition 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 basis on November 1, 2022 as reported
by the Company on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 2, 2022. 

As a result of the reverse stock split, every
three shares of issued and outstanding common stock were automatically combined into one issued and outstanding share of common stock,
without any change in the par value per share or the number of the Company s authorized shares. The reverse stock split reduced
the number of shares of common stock outstanding from on November 1, 2022 to approximately shares, after reduction
for the elimination of fractional shares. 

Unless otherwise noted, all prior year share
amounts and per share calculations throughout these financial statements have been restated to reflect the impact of this 1:3 reverse
stock split and to provide data on a comparable basis. Such restatements include calculations regarding the Company s weighted-average
shares, and earnings per share, as well as disclosures regarding the Company s stock-based compensation plans. 

The Company disaggregates revenues by product
and service types as it believes it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows are affected
by economic factors. Revenues are comprised of the following for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Optical Components 

Medical Device Products and Assemblies 

Total Revenues 

Contract Assets and Liabilities 

The nature of the Company s products and
services does not generally give rise to contract assets as it typically does not incur costs to fulfill a contract before a product
or service is provided to a customer. The Company s costs to obtain contracts are typically in the form of sales commissions paid
to employees. The Company has elected to expense sales commissions associated with obtaining a contract as incurred as the amortization
period is generally less than one year. These costs have been recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. As of June 30,
2023, there were no contract assets recorded in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The Company s contract liabilities arise
as a result of unearned revenue received from customers at inception of contracts or where the timing of billing for services precedes
satisfaction of performance obligations. The Company generally satisfies performance obligations within one year from the contract inception
date. 

Contract liabilities, which were recorded as
customer advances in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets, and unearned revenue are comprised of the following: 

Unearned revenue received from customers 

Revenue recognized 

Contract liabilities, end of period 

and on June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, consist primarily of cash at banks and money market funds. The Company maintains
its cash and cash equivalents in bank deposit accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts. The Company believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on its cash and cash equivalents. 

Work-in-progress 

Finished goods 

Total Inventories 

The Company provides for estimated obsolescence
on unmarketable inventory based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. If actual demand and market conditions are
less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. Inventory, once written down, is
not subsequently written back up, as these adjustments are considered permanent adjustments to the carrying value of the inventory. 

Leasehold improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Vehicles 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 
and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 of the Company s total accounts receivable. 

The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable
was at June 30, 2023, and at June 30, 2022. In 2023, the Company increased the allowance for doubtful accounts to cover
potential losses due to the insolvency of one customer. The Company generally does not require collateral or other security as a condition
of sale, rather it relies on credit approval, balance limitation and monitoring procedures to control credit risk in trade account financial
instruments. Management believes the allowance for doubtful accounts, which is established based upon review of specific account balances
and historical experience, is adequate at June 30, 2023. 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Loss per share 

Basic and fully diluted 

The number of shares issuable upon the exercise
of outstanding stock options and warrants that were excluded from the computation as their effect was antidilutive was approximately
 and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

 and
 , respectively. 

in cash at closing, as earn-out
consideration over the subsequent two-year period, and unregistered shares of common stock issued to the seller at closing.
The effective date of the acquisition was October 4, 2021, and the actual results of operations of the Lighthouse division since that
date are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of, and for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and the nine
months ended, June 30, 2022. 

The Company financed the cash portion of the
acquisition by securing a term loan from Main Street Bank on October 4, 2021, and by selling shares of its common
stock for of gross proceeds in a private placement closed on October 1, 2021. 

The earn-out consideration of 1,500,000, which
would have been paid at a rate of 750,000 per annum from October 1, 2021 to September 30, 2023 was and will not be paid as the required
levels of gross profit will not be attained. 

(a) 
 Purchase
 Price Allocation and Goodwill 

The allocation of purchase price is preliminary
and subject to change based on future payments made for the earn-out contingent liability. Any unearned portions of the earn-out liability
will be recognized in earnings. The acquired assets, contingent consideration and assumed liabilities at the effective date of acquisition
include the following: 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Fixed assets 

Patents 

Total Assets Acquired 

Accounts payable 

Customer advances 

Accrued compensation and other 

Total Liabilities Assumed 

Net assets acquired 

Goodwill 

Total Purchase Price-Initial and Contingent Consideration 

(b) 
 Consolidated
 Pro Forma Results 

Consolidated unaudited pro forma results of operations
for the Company are presented below for the years ended June 30, 2022 assuming that the acquisition of the Lighthouse division has occurred
on July 1, 2021. Pro forma revenues and net loss for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 include operating results of Lighthouse during
the three months ended September 30, 2021 before its acquisition and approximately 70,200 of pro forma operating expense adjustments
relating to interest, depreciation, management fees, and grant reimbursements. 

Net (loss) income 

Earnings (loss) per share 

Basic and fully diluted 

Pro forma financial information is not necessarily
indicative of the Company s actual results of operations if the acquisition had been completed at the date indicated, nor is it
necessarily an indication of future operating results. Amounts do not include any operating efficiencies or cost saving that the Company
believes are achievable. 

 shares of our common stock, 0.01 par value, at a per unit
price of 4.80 per share. We received in gross proceeds from the offering. 

The placement proceeds were used to partially
fund the business acquisition of the Lighthouse division. In compliance with the registration rights agreement entered into with the
investors, on January 31, 2022 the Company filed a registration statement for the shares with the Securities and Exchange Commission
which became effective on February 11, 2022. Ms. Sandra Pessin acquired shares in this placement for or 4.80 per share,
and at that time Ms. Pessin was an owner of more than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock. 

Acquisition Earn Out Obligations 

As partial consideration for the July 2019 acquisition
of the Ross Optical division the Company agreed to pay as an earn-out contingent upon the satisfaction of certain financial
thresholds consisting of mutually agreed upon revenue and gross margin targets of the Ross Optical division over a term of three years,
beginning on July 1, 2019, at a rate of up to 166,667 per year. As of June 30, 2023 the full has been paid. 

As of June 30, 2023, the earn-out liabilities
of associated with the Lighthouse acquisition were written off to other income due to the Lighthouse division not achieving
the minimum gross margin targets. 

(b) 
 Bank Financing
 Activities 

Bank Line of Credit 

On October 4, 2021, the Company entered into
a Loan Agreement with Main Street Bank of Marlborough, Massachusetts, which provided for a Term Loan and a Revolving
Line of Credit Loan Facility, which was increased to 500,000 effective May 17, 2022, and effective June 2, 2023. The 
line of credit is due on demand and had no borrowings outstanding at June 30, 2023. Borrowings under the line of credit bear interest
payable monthly at the prime lending rate plus 1.5 per annum and shall not be less than 4.75 per annum. Borrowings under the line of
credit are limited to the borrowing base comprised of a percentage of accounts receivable and inventory and are secured by all the assets
of the Company. 

Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt consists of the following at June
30, 2023: 

 principal payments of .38 plus interest at the prime lending rate plus per annum. Secured by all assets of the Company, and subject to certain periodic reporting to the bank, an annual minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.20:1 commencing with the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, and other conditions. The Term Loan Note matures on 

Permanent Working Capital Loan payable to Main Street Bank with principal payments of .00 plus interest at a fixed rate of per annum. Secured by all assets of the Company, and subject to certain periodic reporting to the bank, an annual minimum debt service coverage ratio of 1.20:1 commencing with the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023, and other conditions. The Term Loan Note matures on 

Less current maturities 

Less debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization of .75 

Long-term debt, net of current portion of debt issuance costs 

At June 30, 2023 principal payments
due on Long Term Debt are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total long term debt 

(c) 
 Lease Obligation 

In March 2021 the Company entered into a five-year
capital lease in the amount of for manufacturing equipment. In January 2020, the Company entered into a five-year capital lease
for for manufacturing equipment. The net book value of fixed assets under capital lease obligations as of June 30, 2023 is . 

On July 1, 2019 the Company entered into a three-year
operating lease for its facility in El Paso, Texas, and in February 2022 the Company entered into an extension of the lease for an additional
three years through June 2025. Remaining minimum lease payments at June 30, 2023 total . Total rent expense including base rent
and common area expenses was and during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. On October 4, 2021
the Company assumed the remaining term of the Windham Maine lease as part of the Lighthouse acquisition. The lease expires on July 31,
2025. Remaining minimum lease payments at June 30, 2023 total . Total rent expense including base rent and common area expenses
was and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Included in the accompanying balance sheet
at June 30, 2023 is a right-of-use asset of and current and long-term right-of-use operating lease liabilities of and
 , respectively. 

At June 30, 2023 future minimum lease payments
under the capital lease and operating lease obligations are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

Total Minimum Payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Present value of minimum lease payments 

Less: current portion 

The Company s operating leases for its
Gardner, Massachusetts office, production and storage spaces plus an equipment lease have expired and are continuing on a month-to-month
tenant at will basis. Rent expense on these operating leases was and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Stock Based Compensation Expense 

As of June 30, 2023, the unrecognized compensation
costs related to options vesting in the future is . No compensation has been capitalized because such amounts would have been
immaterial. There was net income tax benefit recognized related to such compensation for the years ended June 30, 2023, or 2022, as
the Company is currently in a loss position. There were stock options granted during the year ended June 30, 2023, and 
stock options granted during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model as the most appropriate method for determining the estimated fair value for the stock awards. The Black-Scholes method of valuation
requires several assumptions: (1) the expected term of the stock award; (2) the expected future stock volatility over the expected term;
and (3) risk-free interest rate. The expected term represents the expected period of time the Company believes the options will be outstanding
based on historical information. Estimates of expected future stock price volatility are based on the historic volatility of the Company s
common stock and the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Zero-Bond rate. The Company utilizes a forfeiture rate based on an
analysis of the Company s actual experience. The fair value of options at date of grant was estimated with the following assumptions
for options granted in fiscal year 2023: 

 years 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Weighted average stock volatility 

Dividend yield 

Weighted average fair value of grants 

(b) Common Stock Issued
for Services 

In December 2021, the Company issued shares
of its common stock to its Chief Financial Officer as compensation for services performed. The company recognized of stock-based
compensation expense during the three months ended December 31, 2021 relating to these common stock shares. 

(c) Stock Option Plans 

The type of share-based payments currently utilized
by the Company is stock options. 

The Company has four stock option plans outstanding
as of June 30, 2023, namely the Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ), the Precision
Optics Corporation, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ), the Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. 2011 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2011 Plan and the Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan ).
Vesting periods under each of the Plans are at the discretion of the Board of Directors and typically average three years and in some
instances are subject to future performance criteria. Options under these Plans are granted at fair market value on the date of grant
and typically have an initial term of ten years from the date of grant, subject to certain cancellation provisions such as upon employment
termination. . The Company has filed Registration Statements on Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register all
shares of common stock issuable under the 2021, 2011, and 2006 Plans. The Company has not yet registered shares of common stock issuable
under the 2022 Plan. 

On April 8, 2022, the Shareholders approved
the 2022 Plan which provides eligible participants (certain employees, directors, consultants, etc.) the opportunity to receive a
broad variety of equity based and cash awards. A maximum of 
shares of the Company s common stock may be issued pursuant to stock options or other awards under the 2022 Plan. At June 30,
2023, options for a total of 
shares of common stock were outstanding and shares of common stock were available for future grants under the 2022 Plan. 

On May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors approved
the 2021 Plan which likewise authorizes a broad variety of equity based and cash awards. A maximum of shares of the Company s
common stock may be issued under the 2021 Plan. At June 30, 2023, options for a a total of shares of common stock were outstanding
under the 2021 Plan and shares of common stock were available for future grants under the 2021 Plan. 

The 2011 Plan and 2006 Plan likewise provided
for a broad variety of equity based and cash awards, but terminated in 2021 and 2016, respectively. At June 30, 2023, options for a
total of shares of common stock were still outstanding under the 2011 Plan. 

At June 30, 2023, options for a total of 
shares of common stock were still outstanding under the 2006 Plan. 

The following tables summarize stock option activity
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

years 
 
 Grants 

Exercised 

Cancellations 

Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

years 
 
 Grants 

Exercised 

Cancellations 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

years 

Information related to the stock options outstanding
as of June 30, 2023 is as follows: 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the Company s
 in-the-money outstanding and exercisable options as of June 30, 2023, was and , respectively. 

(d) 
 Sale of Stock in October 2021 

On October 1, 2021, the Company entered into
agreements with accredited investors for the sale and purchase of unregistered shares of its common stock, 0.01 par value at
a purchase price of 4.80 per share. The Company used the net proceeds from this placement to partially fund the October 4, 2021, acquisition
of the operating assets of Lighthouse Imaging, LLC with an effective date of October 4, 2021. 

In conjunction with the placement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the investors, whereby it is obligated
to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before 120 calendar days after October 4, 2021 to
register the resale by the investors of shares of its common stock purchased in the placement. The registration statement was
filed on January 31, 2022 and became effective on February 11, 2022. 

(e) 
 Issuance of Common Stock in Business
 Acquisition 

On October 4, 2021, the Company issued 
unregistered shares of its common stock to the sellers of Lighthouse Imaging, LLC, valued on that date at 4.80 per share or ,
as shown in the accompanying statement of stockholders equity for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

In conjunction with the issuance, the Company
agreed to use reasonable efforts to effectuate within a reasonable period after the October 4, 2021 business acquisition date a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register the resale by the sellers of shares of its common stock issued
in the business acquisition. The registration statement was filed on June 13, 2022 and became effective on July 14, 2022. 

(f) 
 Sale of Stock in June 2023 

On June 15, 2023, the Company entered into agreements
with certain institutional and accredited investors for the sale and purchase of unregistered shares of its common stock, 
par value at a purchase price of per share. The Company expects to use the net proceeds from this placement for general working
capital needs. 

In conjunction with the placement, the Company also entered into a registration rights agreement with the investors, whereby it is obligated
to register the resale by the investors of shares of its common stock purchased in the placement. 

 and for the years ended June 30, 2023,
and 2022, respectively. 

A reconciliation of the federal statutory rate
to the Company s effective tax rate for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 ) 

Stock based compensation 

Net Operating Loss Utilization 

Revaluation of contingent earn out liability 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Nondeductible items 

Effective tax rate 
 
 ) 

The components of deferred tax assets and liabilities
at June 30, 2023 and 2022 are approximately as follows: 

Tax credit carry forwards 

Reserves and accruals not yet deducted for tax purposes 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

The Company has provided a valuation allowance
to reduce the net deferred tax asset to an amount the Company believes is more likely than not to be realized. 

At June 30, 2023, the Company had federal and
state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately and , respectively, which will, if not used, expire at
various dates beginning in fiscal year 2024. 

 employer profit sharing or
matching contributions were made to the plan in fiscal years 2023 and 2022. 

F- 20 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial
Officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2023, because of a material weakness in our internal controls over financial
reporting described below. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our disclosure controls and procedures include
components of our internal control over financial reporting. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that any controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that
misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, with our Company have been
detected. 

A material weakness is defined
as a significant deficiency, or a combination of significant deficiencies, that results in more than a remote likelihood that a material
misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. A significant deficiency 
is a control deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects a company s ability to initiate, authorize,
record, process or report external financial data reliably in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles such that there
is more than a remote likelihood that a misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential
will not be prevented or detected. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as
of June 30, 2023. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None 

12 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The information required under this item is incorporated
by reference to the applicable information set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION. 

The information required under this item is incorporated
by reference to the applicable information set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information required under this item is incorporated
by reference to the applicable information set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information required under this item is incorporated
by reference to the applicable information set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES. 

The information required under this item is incorporated by reference
to the applicable information set forth in the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

13 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES. 

a. 
 Documents filed as part of this
 report 

The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report
on 10-K: 

1. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The following documents are filed in Part II, Item 8
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

2. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not
required, not applicable, or the required information is otherwise included. 

b. 
 Exhibits 

The exhibits listed below are filed with or incorporated by reference
in this report. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement between the Company and Optometrics Corporation, dated January 18, 2008 (included as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K
 filed January 25, 2008, and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Organization of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 11,
 2014, and incorporated herein by reference). 

3.3 
 
 Amendment
 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. effective May 13, 2022 (included as exhibit 3.5 to the Form
 10-Q filed May 16, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

14 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

10.1 
 
 Precision
 Optics Corporation, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, dated October 13, 2011 (included as Exhibit 10.2 to Form S-8 filed October 14,
 2011, and incorporated herein by reference.) 

10.2 
 
 Precision Optics Corporation,
 Inc. Amended 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, dated October 14, 2011, as amended on April 16, 2015 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s
 Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed April 20, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.3 
 
 Compensation
 Agreement, by and between the Company and Joseph N. Forkey, dated August 2, 2018 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed
 on August 3, 2018, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.5 
 
 Form
 of Purchase Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and several Investors, dated July 1, 2019 (included as Exhibit
 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.6 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and several Investors, dated July 1, 2019 (included
 as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference 

10.7 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation. Inc. and Divaker Mangadu, dated July 1, 2019 (included as Exhibit 10.4 to the
 Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.8 
 
 Employment
 Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Jeff DiRubio, dated April 26, 2019 (included as Exhibit 10.16 to the
 annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 26, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.9+ 
 
 Lease
 Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Texzona Industries Ltd. dated July 1, 2019 (included as Exhibit 10.17
 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on September 26, 2019, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.10 
 
 Employment
 Offer Letter Daniel S. Habhegger, dated December 2, 2019 (included as Exhibit 10.18 to the quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on
 February 13, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.13 + 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated October 4, 2021, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Lighthouse Imaging, LLC and Anania
 Associates Investment Company, LLC (included as Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021, and
 incorporated herein by reference). 

10.14 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and several Investors, dated October 4, 2021 (included
 as Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.15 
 
 Form
 of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and several Investors, dated October 4, 2021 (included
 as Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.16+ 
 
 Loan
 Agreement dated October 4, 2021, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Main Street Bank (included as Exhibit 10.4 to
 the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

15 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

10.17 
 
 250,000
 Revolving Line of Credit Note dated October 4, 2021 (included as Exhibit 10.5 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October
 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.18 
 
 2,600,000
 Term Loan Note dated October 4, 2021 (included as Exhibit 10.6 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

10.19 
 
 Security
 Agreement dated October 4, 2021, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Main Street Bank (included as Exhibit 10.7 to
 the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.20 
 
 Director
 side letter agreement dated October 4, 2021 (included as Exhibit 10.8 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on October 8, 2021,
 and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.21 
 
 Precision
 Optics Corporation, Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (included as Appendix B to the proxy statement on Form DEF14A filed on February
 24, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.23 
 
 Employment offer letter dated January 5, 2023 between
 Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and E. Kevin Dahill (included as Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on January
 5, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference) 

10.24 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan
 Agreement dated June 2, 2023, by and between Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Main Street Bank (included as Exhibit 10.1 to
 the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.25 
 
 750,000 Promissory Note dated June 2, 2023 (included
 as Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.26 
 
 Second Amendment to Demand
 Revolving Line of Credit Note dated June 2, 2023, by and between Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and Main Street Bank (included
 as Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.27 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase
 Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and several investors, dated June 15, 2023 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to
 the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.28 
 
 Form of Registration Rights
 Agreement, by and among Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and several investors, dated June 15, 2023 (included as Exhibit 10.2 to
 the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.29 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement,
 by and between Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and A.G.P./Alliance Global Partners, dated June 15, 2023 (included as Exhibit 10.3
 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2023, and incorporated herein by reference). 

10.30 
 
 Employment Agreement dated March 30, 2023 between Precision
 Optics Corporation, Inc. and Mahesh Lawande (included as Exhibit 10.31 to the Form S-1 filed July 20, 2023, and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

10.31 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 7, 2023 between Precision
 Optics Corporation, Inc. and Wayne M. Coll (included as Exhibit 10.31 to the Form S-1 filed July 20, 2023, and incorporated herein
 by reference). 

16 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

14.1 
 
 Precision Optics Corporation,
 Inc. Corporate Code of Ethics and Conduct (included as Exhibit 14.1 to the Form 10-K filed September 28, 2008, and incorporated
 herein by reference). 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Officers pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document
 (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed Herewith. 

Certain portions of the
 agreement have been omitted to preserve the confidentiality of such information. The Company will furnish copies of any such information
 to the SEC upon request. 
 
 + 
 
 The schedules to agreement
 have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish copies of any such schedules
 to the SEC upon request. 

Copies of above exhibits not contained herein
are available to any stockholder, upon written request to: Chief Financial Officer, Precision Optics Corporation, Inc., 22 East Broadway,
Gardner, MA 01440. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

17 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. 

Date: September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph N. Forkey 

Joseph N. Forkey 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wayne M. Coll 

Wayne M. Coll 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting
 Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Capacity 
 Date 

/s/ Joseph N. Forkey 
 Joseph N. Forkey 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 September 28, 2023 

/s/ Wayne M. Coll 
 Wayne M. Coll 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 September 28, 2023 

/s/ Peter V. Anania 
 Director 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Peter V. Anania 

/s/ Andrew J. Miclot 
 Director 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Andrew J. Miclot 

/s/ Richard B. Miles 
 Director 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Richard B. Miles 

/s/ Peter H. Woodward 
 Director, Chairman 
 September 28, 2023 
 
 Peter H. Woodward 

18 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 poci_ex0301.htm
 RESTATED ARTICLES OF ORGANIZATION OF PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC.

Exhibit 3.1 

Restated Articles of Organization 

(General Laws Chapter 156D, Section 10.07;
950 CMR 113.35) 

(1) 
 Exact name of corporation: PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION, INC. 

(2) 
 Registered office address: 22 East Broadway, Gardner, MA 01440 

(3) 
 Date adopted: September 20, 2023 

(4) 
 Approved by: 

check appropriate box 

the directors without shareholder approval and shareholder approval was not required; 

OR 

the board of directors and the shareholders in the manner required by G.L. Chapter 156D and the corporation s articles of organization. 

(5) 
 The following information is required to be included in the articles of organization pursuant to G.L. Chapter 156D, Section 2.02
except that the supplemental information provided for in Article VIII is not required: 

Article I 
Corporate Name 

The exact name of the corporation is Precision Optics Corporation,
Inc. (the Corporation ). 

Article II 
Purpose 

Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. has been formed to provide a variety
of services and products to the United States Government, various specialized industrial customers as well as individual customers. These
goods and services include, but are not limited to, the provision of engineering, technical, marketing and management consultation in
optical intensive and multi-disciplined fields of technology; the design, development and production of optical systems and specialized
components of both conventional and unconventional optical materials; the development, production and marketing of optical, laser-related
and other technology oriented instrumentation for measurement, process control and robotic application in both industrial and consumer
markets. 

The Corporation also is permitted to carry on any manufacturing, mercantile,
selling, management, service, or other business, operation, or activity which may be lawfully carried on by a corporation organized under
the Business Corporation Act, whether or not related to those referred to in the foregoing paragraph. 

1 

Article III 
Authorized Shares 

The total number of shares and the par value, if any, of each class
of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is as follows: 

WITHOUT PAR VALUE 
 WITH PAR VALUE 
 
 TYPE 
 NUMBER OF SHARES 
 TYPE 
 NUMBER OF SHARES 
 PAR VALUE 

Common 
 50,000,000 
 .01 

Article IV 
Preferences, Limitations, and Rights of Classes or Series of Shares 

Not applicable. 

Article V 
Restrictions on Transfer 

These Articles of Organization impose no restrictions on the transfer
of shares of stock of any class. 

Article VI 
Other Lawful Provisions 

6.1. The Corporation may carry on any business, operation, or activity
referred to in Article 2 to the same extent as might an individual, whether as principal, agent, contractor or otherwise, and either alone
or in conjunction with or in a joint venture or other arrangement with any corporation, association, trust, firm, or individual. 

6.2. The Corporation may carry on any business, operation or activity
through a wholly or partly owned subsidiary. 

6.3. The Corporation may be a partner in any business enterprise which
it would have power to conduct by itself. 

6.4. The directors may make, amend, or repeal the by-laws in whole
or in part, except with respect to any provision thereof which by law or the by-laws requires action by the stockholders. 

6.5. Meetings of the stockholders may be held anywhere in the United
States. 

2 

6.6. Except as otherwise provided by law, no stockholder shall have
any right to examine any property or any books, accounts, or other writings of the Corporation if there is reasonable ground for belief
that such examination will for any reason be adverse to the interests of the Corporation, and a vote of the directors refusing permission
to make such examination and setting forth that in the opinion of the directors such examination would be adverse to the interests of
the Corporation shall be prima facie evidence that such examination would be adverse to the interests of the Corporation. Every such examination
shall be subject to such reasonable regulations as the directors may establish in regard thereto. 

6.7. The directors may specify the manner in which the accounts of
the Corporation shall be kept and may determine what constitutes net earnings, profits, and surplus, what amounts, if any, shall be reserved
for any corporate purpose, and what amounts, if any, shall be declared as dividends. Unless the board of directors otherwise specifies,
the excess of the consideration for any share of its capital stock with par value issued by it over such par value shall be surplus. The
board of directors may allocate to capital stock less than all of the consideration for any share of its capital stock without par value
issued by it, in which case the balance of such consideration shall be surplus. All surplus shall be available for any corporate purpose,
including the payment of dividends. 

6.8. The purchase or other acquisition or retention by the Corporation
of shares of its own capital stock shall not be deemed a reduction of its capital stock. Upon any reduction of capital or capital stock,
no stockholder shall have any right to demand any distribution from the Corporation, except as and to the extent that the stockholders
shall have provided at the time of authorizing such reduction. 

6.9. The directors shall have the power to fix from time to time their
compensation. No person shall be disqualified from holding any office by reason of any interest. In the absence of fraud, any director,
officer, or stockholder of this Corporation individually, or any individual having any interest in any concern which is a stockholder
of this Corporation, or any concern in which any of such directors, officers, stockholders, or individuals has any interest, may be a
party to, or may be pecuniarily or otherwise interested in, any contract, transaction, or other act of the Corporation, and 

(1) such contract, transaction, or act shall not be in any way invalidated or otherwise affected by that fact; 

(2) no such director, officer, stockholder, or individual shall be liable to account to the Corporation for any profit or benefit realized
through any such contract, transaction, or act; and 

(3) any such director of the Corporation may be counted in determining the existence of a quorum at any meeting of the directors or of
any committee thereof which shall authorize any such contract, transaction, or act, and may vote to authorize the same; 

provided, however, that any contract, transaction, or act in which
any director or officer of the Corporation is so interested individually or as a director, officer, trustee, or member of any concern
which is not a subsidiary or affiliate of the Corporation, or in which any directors or officers are so interested as holders, collectively,
of a majority of shares of capital stock or other beneficial interest at the time outstanding in any concern which is not a subsidiary
or affiliate of the Corporation, shall be duly authorized or ratified by a majority of the directors who are not so interested, to whom
the nature of such interest has been disclosed and who have made any findings required by law; 

the term interest including personal interest
and interest as a director, officer, stockholder, shareholder, trustee, member, or beneficiary of any concern; 

the term concern meaning any corporation, association,
trust, partnership, firm, person, or other entity other than the Corporation; and 

the phrase subsidiary or affiliate 
meaning a concern in which a majority of the directors, trustees, partners, or controlling persons is elected or appointed by the
directors of the Corporation, or is constituted of the directors or officers of the Corporation. 

3 

To the extent permitted by law, the authorizing or ratifying vote of
the holders of shares representing a majority of the votes of the capital stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote for
the election of directors at any annual meeting or a special meeting duly called for the purpose (whether such vote is passed before or
after judgment rendered in a suit with respect to such contract, transaction, or act) shall validate any contract, transaction, or act
of the Corporation, or of the board of directors or any committee thereof, with regard to all stockholders of the Corporation, whether
or not of record at the time of such vote, and with regard to all creditors and other claimants under the Corporation; provided, however,
that 

A. with respect to the authorization or ratification of contracts, transactions, or acts in which any of the directors, officers, or
stockholders of the Corporation have an interest, the nature of such contracts, transactions, or acts and the interest of any director,
officer, or stockholder therein shall be summarized in the notice of any such annual or special meeting, or in a statement or letter accompanying
such notice, and shall be fully disclosed at any such meeting; 

B. the stockholders so voting shall have made any findings required by law; 

C. the stockholders so interested may vote at any such meeting except to the extent otherwise provided by law; and 

D. any failure of the stockholders to authorize or ratify such contract, transaction, or act shall not be deemed in any way to invalidate
the same or to deprive the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees of its or their right to proceed with or enforce such contract,
transaction, or act. 

If the Corporation has more than one class or series of capital stock
outstanding, the vote required by this paragraph shall be governed by the provisions of the Articles of Organization applicable to such
classes or series. 

No contract, transaction, or act shall be avoided by reason of any
provision of this paragraph 6.9 which would be valid but for such provision or provisions. 

6.10. A director of the Corporation shall not be liable to the Corporation
or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent that exculpation from liability
is not permitted under the Massachusetts Business Corporation Act as in effect at the time such liability is determined. No amendment
or repeal of this paragraph 6.10 shall apply to or have any effect on the liability or alleged liability of any director of the Corporation
for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal. 

6.11. The Corporation shall have all powers granted to corporations
by the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, provided that no such power shall include any activity inconsistent with the Business
Corporation Act or the general laws of said Commonwealth. 

Article VII 
Effective Date 

The effective date of these Restated Articles of Organization is the
date and time these Restated Articles of Organization were received for filing if the articles are not rejected within the time prescribed
by law. 

4 

Signature and Certification 

It is hereby certified that these Restated Articles of Organization
consolidate all amendments into a single document. If a new amendment authorizes an exchange, or effects a reclassification or cancellation,
of issued shares, provisions for implementing that action are set forth in these restated articles unless contained in the text of the
amendment. 

Specify the number(s) of the article(s) being amended: none 

Signed by: 
 /s/ Joseph N. Forkey 

Joseph N. Forkey, President 

On this 26 th day of September, 2023. 

5 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 poci_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation of our report
dated September 28, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and subsidiaries for
the year ended June 30, 2023 included in this Form 10-K, into the Company s previously filed Registration Statement Nos. 333-265564,
333-110946, 333-128628, 333-177330, 333-203524, 333-233650 and 333-256746 on Form S-8. 

/s/ Stowe Degon LLC 

September 28, 2023 

 Westborough, Massachusetts 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 poci_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I, Joseph N. Forkey, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph N. Forkey 
 
 Date: September 28, 2023 
 
 Joseph N. Forkey 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 poci_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

I, Wayne M. Coll, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ Wayne M. Coll 
 
 Date: September 28, 2023 
 
 Wayne M. Coll 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 poci_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officers of Precision
Optics Corporation, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the Company ), do hereby certify, to such officers knowledge,
that: 

The Annual Report on Form 10-K of Precision Optics
Corporation, Inc. for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Form 10-K of the Company fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and the information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ Joseph N. Forkey 

Joseph N. Forkey 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: September 28, 2023 
 By: /s/ Wayne M. Coll 

Wayne M. Coll 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to Precision Optics Corporation, Inc. and will be retained by Precision Optics Corporation, Inc.
and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 poci-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 poci-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 poci-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 poci-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

