<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230921_10-K_edgar_data_1083743_0001493152-23-033338.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5949143</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>255284</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1058493</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1817604</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1223383</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1436413</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-033338.hdr.sgml : 20230921
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230921160537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-033338
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230921
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230921

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Flux Power Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001083743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				860931332
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31543
		FILM NUMBER:		231269177

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2685 S. MELROSE DRIVE
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-505-3589

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2685 S. MELROSE DRIVE
		CITY:			VISTA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92081

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lone Pine Holdings, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090415

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Australian Forest Industries
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070508

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MULTI TECH INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20021204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-033338.txt : 20230921

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 Number) 

, ,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

- 

 (Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Capital Market 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act : None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

(Do
 not check if a smaller reporting company) 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

 Yes

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022 (the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately . 

As
of September 8, 2023, there were shares of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: . 

FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC. 

FORM
10-K ANNUAL REPORT 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Table
of Contents 

PART
 I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 5 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 12 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 22 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 22 

PART
 II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 RESERVED 
 23 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9A 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 33 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 
 33 

PART
 III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 48 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 49 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 50 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 51 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 52 

SIGNATURES 
 53 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 

2 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled Description
of Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or achievements expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the factors described in the section captioned
 Risk Factors below. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, 
 believes, could, estimates, expects, intends, may, 
 plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, would, 
and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect
to future events and are based on assumptions and subject to risks and uncertainties. You should read these factors and the other cautionary
statements made in this report and in the documents we incorporate by reference into this report as being applicable to all related forward-looking
statements wherever they appear in this report or the documents we incorporate by reference into this report. If one or more of these
factors materialize, or if any underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results, performance or achievements may vary materially
from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Given
these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include,
among other things, statements relating to: 

our
 ability to secure sufficient funding to support our current and proposed operations; 

our
 ability to manage our working capital requirements efficiently; 

our
 ability to obtain the necessary funds from our credit facilities; 

our
 ability to obtain raw materials and other supplies for our products at existing or competitive prices and on a timely basis; 

our
 anticipated growth strategies and our ability to manage the expansion of our business operations effectively; 

our
 ability to maintain or increase our market share in the competitive markets in which we do business; 

our
 ability to grow our revenue, increase our gross profit margin and become a profitable business; 

our
 ability to fulfill our backlog of open sales orders due to delays in the receipt of key component parts and other potential manufacturing
 disruptions; 

our
 ability to keep up with rapidly changing technologies and evolving industry standards, including our ability to achieve technological
 advances; 

our
 dependence on the growth in demand for our products; 

our
 ability to compete with larger companies with far greater resources than us; 

our
 ability to shift to new suppliers and incorporate new components into our products in a manner that is not disruptive to our business; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain UL Listings and OEM approvals for our energy storage solutions; 

3 

our
 ability to diversify our product offerings and capture new market opportunities; 

our
 ability to source our needs for skilled labor, machinery, parts, and raw materials economically; 

our
 ability to retain key members of our senior management; 

our
 dependence on our major customers. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. You should read this report and
the documents that we reference, and file as exhibits to this report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements, even
if new information becomes available in the future. 

Use
of Certain Defined Terms 

Except
where the context otherwise requires and for the purposes of this report only: 

the
 Company, Flux, we, us, and our refer to the combined business
 of Flux Power Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary, Flux Power, Inc., a California corporation Flux
 Power 

Exchange
 Act refers the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC 
 refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities
 Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

4 

PART
I 

ITEM
1 BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
design, develop, manufacture, and sell a portfolio of advanced lithium-ion energy storage solutions for electrification of a range of
industrial commercial sectors which include material handling, airport ground support equipment GSE ), and other commercial
and industrial applications. We believe our mobile and stationary energy storage solutions provide our customers a reliable, high performing,
cost effective, and more environmentally friendly alternative as compared to traditional lead acid and propane-based solutions. Our modular
and scalable design allows different configurations of lithium-ion battery packs to be paired with our proprietary wireless battery management
system to provide the level of energy storage required and state of the art real time monitoring of pack performance. We
believe that the increasing demand for lithium-ion battery packs and more environmentally friendly energy storage solutions in the material
handling sector should continue to drive our revenue growth. 

Our
Strategy 

Our
long-term strategy is to meet the rapidly growing demand for lithium-ion energy solutions and to be the supplier of choice, targeting
large companies having demanding energy storage needs. We have established selling relationships equipment OEMs and customers with large
fleets of forklifts and GSEs. We intend to reach this goal by investing in research and development to expand our product mix, by expanding
our sales and marketing efforts, improving our customer support efforts and continuing our efforts to increase production capacity and
efficiencies. Our research and development efforts will continue to focus on providing adaptable, reliable and cost-effective energy
storage solutions for our customers. 

Our
largest sector of penetration thus far has been the material handling sector which we believe is a multi-billion-dollar addressable
market. We believe the sector will provide us with an opportunity to grow our business as we enhance our product mix and service levels
and grow our sales to large fleets of forklifts and GSEs. Applications of our modular packs for other industrial and commercial uses,
such as solar energy storage, are providing additional current growth and further opportunities. We intend to continue to expand our
supply chain and customer partnerships and seek further partnerships and/or acquisitions that provide synergy to meeting our growth and
 building scale objectives. 

Supply
Chain Issues and Higher Procurement Costs 

Disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic over the past several years have largely abated. We addressed supply chain
challenges with improved vendor selection, and improved supply chain internal practices. However, we have experienced
shipment delays of battery packs for some forklift models that have experienced production delays. We have seen recent improvements in
shipment timing. However, there can be no assurance that our price
increases, inventory levels or any future steps we take will be sufficient to offset the rising procurement costs and manage sourcing
of raw materials and component parts effectively. 

Strategic
Initiatives 

To
support the continued growth of our business and long-term strategy, our highest priority in the coming quarters will be to achieve
 profitability, specifically, cash flow breakeven. Accordingly, we will continue to pursue supply chain improvements,
gross margin expansion initiatives, and cost reductions. In addition, we are focusing on
business expansion to accelerate gross margins by: 

Leverage
 current high-profile proven customer relationships to respond to growing demand
 of large fleets for lithium-ion value proposition. 
 
 Pursue
 new market that can leverage our technology and manufacturing capabilities. 
 
 Expand
 features of our popular SkyBMS (telemetry) which provides customized fleet
 management, and real time reports. 
 
 Expand
 our manufacturing and service capacities to ensure customer satisfaction from increased deliveries,
 and service. 

5 

Capitalize
 on our leadership position with new offerings. 
 
 While
 we are agnostic to the type of lithium chemistry, ensure our research to support
 other chemistries as they may become available. Ensure we have leadership with our core technology,
 without dependence on purchasing critical technology. 

There
can be no assurance that these initiatives and efforts will be successful. 

Recent
Developments 

On
July 28, 2023, we entered into a certain Loan and Security Agreement (the Agreement with Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company GBC ). The Agreement provides the Company with a senior secured revolving loan facility
(the GBC Credit Facility for up to 15.0 million (the Revolving Loan Commitment ). The revolving amount available
under the GBC Credit Facility is equal to the lesser of the Revolving Loan Commitment and the borrowing base amount (as defined in the
Agreement). The GBC Credit Facility is evidenced by a revolving note, which matures on July 28, 2025 (the Maturity Date ),
unless extended, modified or renewed (the Revolving Note ). Provided that there is no event of default, the Maturity Date
can automatically be extended for one (1) year period upon payment of a renewal fee for each such extension in the amount of three-quarters
of one percent (0.75 of the Revolving Loan Commitment, which fee will be due and payable on or before the applicable Maturity Date.
In addition, subject to conditions and terms set forth in the Agreement, the Company may request an increase in the Revolving Loan Commitment
from time to time upon not less than 30 days notice to GBC which increase may be made at the sole discretion of GBC, as long as:
(a) the requested increase is in a minimum amount of 1,000,000, and (b) the total increases do not exceed 5,000,000 and no more than
five (5) increases are made. Outstanding principal under the GBC Credit Facility accrues interest at Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR , as defined in the Agreement)
plus five and one half of one percent (5.50 per annum with such interest payment is due monthly on the last day of the month. In the
event of default, the amounts due under the Agreement bears interest at a rate per annum equal to three percent (3.0 above the rate
that is otherwise applicable to such amounts. We paid GBC a non-refundable closing fee for the GBC Credit Facility of 112,500 upon the execution of the Agreement. In addition, we are required to pay a monthly unused line fee equal to one-half of one percent
(0.50 per annum on the difference between the Revolving Loan Commitment and the average outstanding principal balance of the revolving
loan(s) for such month. The obligations under the GBC Credit Facility may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time upon an exit fee
of (a) two percent (2.00 of the Revolving Loan Commitment if the obligations are paid in full during the first year after the closing
date, or (b) one percent (1.00 of the Revolving Loan Commitment if the obligations are paid in full one year after the closing date, provided, that, the exit fee will be waived if such prepayment occurs in connection with the refinancing
of the obligations with Bank of America, N.A., as lender. 

The
loans and other obligations of the Company under the GBC Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the tangible and intangible
assets of the Company (including, without limitation, intellectual property) pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the Intellectual
Property Security Agreement entered into by and among the Company and GBC on July 28, 2023. 

In
connection with the entry into the Agreement and the repayment in full of the principal amount
outstanding under SVB Credit Facility together with total accrued and unpaid interest and related fees with a portion of the funds from
the GBC Credit Facility on July 28, 2023, we terminated the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, as amended ,
by and among SVB and the Company. 

6 

DESCRIPTION
OF OUR BUSINESS 

Our
Business 

We
have leveraged our experience in lithium-ion technology to design and develop a portfolio of industrial and commercial energy storage
packs that we believe provide attractive solutions to customers seeking an alternative to lead acid and propane-based power products.
We believe that the following attributes are significant contributors to our success: 

Engineering
and integration experience in lithium-ion for motive applications: Our engineers design, develop, test, and service our advanced
lithium-ion energy storage solutions. We have been developing lithium-ion applications for the advanced energy storage market since 2010,
starting with products for automotive electric vehicle manufacturers. We believe our engineering experience enables us to develop competitive
solutions that meet our customers needs currently and in the foreseeable future. 

UL
Listing: Our goal is to obtain a UL Listing for all of our Packs, and we recently completed the process for our newest source of battery cells. We believe this UL Listing provides us a significant competitive
advantage and provides assurance to customers that our technology has been rigorously tested by an independent third party and
determined to be safe, durable and reliable. 

Original
equipment manufacturer (OEM) approvals: Many of our energy storage packs have been tested and approved for use by Toyota Material
Handling USA, Inc., Crown Equipment Corporation, and The Raymond Corporation, among the top global lift truck manufacturers by revenue
according to Material Handling Logistics. We also provide a private label Class 3 Walkie Pallet Pack to a major forklift
OEM. 

Broad
product offering and scalable design: We offer energy storage packs for use in a variety of industrial motive applications. We
believe that our modular and scalable design enables us to optimize design, inventory, and part count to accommodate natural product
extensions of our products to meet customer requirements. We have leveraged our Class 3 Walkie Pallet Pack design to develop larger energy
storage packs for larger forklifts, GSE Packs, and other industrial equipment applications. Natural product extensions, based on our
modular, scalable designs, include solar backup power for electric vehicle EV mobile charging stations and robotic warehouse
equipment. 

Significant
advantages over lead acid and propane-based solutions: We believe that lithium-ion battery systems have significant advantages
over existing technologies and will displace lead acid batteries and propane-based solutions, in most applications. Relative to lead
acid batteries, such advantages include environmental benefits, no water maintenance, faster charge times, greater cycle life, longer
run times, and less energy used that provide operational and financial benefits to customers. When compared to lead acid solutions, our
energy storage solutions do not discharge carbon dioxide in the atmosphere due to lithium chemistry efficiencies. In addition, when compared
to propane-based solutions, lithium-ion systems avoid the generation of exhaust emissions and associated odor and environmental contaminates,
and maintenance of an internal combustion engine, which has substantially more parts subject to wear than an electric motor. 

Proprietary
Battery Management System: Critical to our success is our innovative and proprietary versatile BMS that optimizes the performance
of our lithium-ion energy solutions and provides a platform for adding new battery pack features, including customized telemetry (pack
data and reports available anytime, anywhere) for customers. The BMS serves as the brain of the battery pack, managing cell balancing,
charging, discharging, monitoring and communication between the pack and the forklift. Our next generation versatile BMS
is currently part of our full product lines and provides significant product features for improved customer productivity. Our BMS also
enables ongoing feature development for reduced cost and higher performance. We have included our proprietary telemetry solution, branded
 SkyBMS which provides real time reports on pack performance, health, and remaining useful life. 

7 

Our
Products 

We
design, develop, test and sell our energy storage packs for use in a broad range of lift trucks, industrial equipment including airport
GSE, and other commercial applications. Within each of these product segments, we offer a range of power and equipment solutions. 

Our
battery pack system design is adaptable with three core design modules used in our entire family of small, medium, and large pack forklift
products. A scalable modular design allows for core modules to be configured to address a variety of unique power and space requirements.
We also have the capability to offer varying chemistries and configurations based on the specific application. Currently, our energy
storage packs use lithium iron phosphate (LiFePO4) battery cells, which we source from a variety of overseas suppliers that meet our
power, reliability, safety and other specifications. Our BMS works with several battery configurations providing the flexibility
to use battery cells developed and manufactured by other suppliers. We believe we can readily adapt our energy storage packs to incorporate
new chemistries as they become available in the future in order to meet changing customer preferences and to reduce the cost of our products. 

We
also offer 24-volt onboard chargers for our Class 3 Walkie Pallet Packs, and smart wall mounted chargers for larger applications.
Our smart charging solutions are designed to interface with our BMS and integrate easily into most all major chargers in the market. 

New
Product Update 

During
the second half of the Fiscal 2023, we introduced new product designs to respond to customer requests and to allow for greater operational
efficiencies for us. Some of the improvements included higher capacities for extra-long and demanding shifts, easier servicing, cost
efficiencies, and other features to solve a variety of existing performance challenges of customer operations. We intend to continue
to develop and to introduce new product designs for margin enhancement, part commonality and improved serviceability. 

In Fiscal 2023, we introduced
the next generation of Material Handling and GSE products, the G2 line. These seven new products greatly extend the reach of Flux packs
in the Class 1 and 2 forklift market as well as enhancing our offerings for aircraft ground support equipment. Ranging from 36 to 80 volts
and capacities between 210 and 840 amp-hours, the G2 systems deliver power and versatility. 

Industry
Overview 

Historically,
lithium-ion battery solutions were unable to compete with lead acid and propane-based solutions in industrial applications on the basis
of cost. However, the supply of lithium-ion batteries has rapidly expanded, leading to price declines of eighty-five percent (85 since
2010 according to BloombergNEF. BloombergNEF also estimates that lithium-ion battery prices, which averaged 1,160 per kilowatt hour
in 2010, were 156 per kWh in 2019 and could drop below 100 per kWh in 2024. Lithium metal itself represents well less than 5 cost
of our packs. 

The
sharp decline in the price of lithium-ion batteries has made these energy solutions more cost competitive. Affordability has in turn
enabled customers to shift away from lead acid and propane-based solutions for power lift equipment to lithium-ion based solutions with
more favorable environmental and performance characteristics. We believe our position as a pioneer in the field and our extensive experience
providing lithium-ion based energy storage solutions will enable us to take advantage of this shift in customer preferences. 

Lift
Equipment - Material Handling Equipment 

We
focus on energy storage solutions for industrial equipment and related industrial applications because we believe they represent large
and growing markets that are just beginning to adopt lithium-ion based technology. We apply our scalable, modular designs to natural
product extensions in the industrial equipment market. These markets include not only the sale of lithium-ion battery solutions for new
equipment but also a replacement market for existing lead acid battery packs. 

8 

According
to Modern Materials Handling, worldwide new lift truck orders reached approximately 1.4 million units in 2017. The Industrial Truck Association ITA has estimated that approximately 200,000 lift trucks had been sold yearly since 2013 in North America (Canada, the
United States and Mexico), with sales relatively evenly distributed between electric rider (Class 1 and Class 2), motorized hand (Class
3), and internal combustion engine powered lift trucks (Class 4 and Class 5). The ITA estimates that electric products represented approximately
sixty-nine percent (69 of the North American shipments in 2020, reflecting the long-term trend of increasing mix of electric products
versus internal combustion (propane) engines. Driven by growth in global manufacturing, e-commerce and construction, Research and Markets
expects that the global lift truck market will grow at a compound annual growth rate of six and four-tenths percent (6.4 through 2024. 

Customers 

Our
customers include OEMs, lift equipment dealers, battery distributors and end users. Our customers vary from small companies to Fortune
500 companies. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, we had two (2) major customers that each represented more than 10 of our revenues on an individual basis,
and together represented approximately 38,035,000 or 57 of our total revenues. During the year ended June 30, 2022, we had four (4)
major customers that each represented more than 10 of our revenues on an individual basis, and together represented approximately 29,254,000
or 69 of our total revenues. 

Shift
Toward Lithium-ion Battery Technologies 

The
lithium-ion battery value proposition of higher performance, environmental benefit, and lower life cycle cost is driving an increase
in demand for safe and efficient alternatives to lead acid and propane-based power products. The lithium-ion value proposition includes
a number of factors impacting customer preferences: 

Duration
of Charge/Run Times : Lithium-based energy storage systems can perform for a longer duration compared to lead acid batteries.
Lithium-ion batteries provide up to 50 longer run times than lead acid batteries of comparable capacity, or amps-per-hour rating, allowing
equipment to be operated over a long period of time between charges. 

High/Sustained
Power : Lithium-ion batteries are better suited to deliver high power versus legacy lead acid. For example, a 100Ah lead acid
battery will only deliver 80Ah if discharged over a four-hour period. In contrast, a 100Ah lithium-ion system will achieve over 92Ah
even during a 30-minute discharge. Additionally, during discharge, the energy storage pack sustains its initial voltage, maximizing the
performance of the forklift truck, whereas, lead acid voltages, and hence power, decline over the working shift. 

Charging
Time : Lead acid batteries are limited to one shift a day, as they discharge for eight hours, need eight hours for charging, and
another eight hours for cooling. For multi-shift operations, this typically requires battery changeout for the equipment. Because lithium
batteries can be recharged in as little as one hour and do not degrade when subjected to opportunity charging, hence, battery changeout
is unnecessary. 

Safe
Operation : The toxic nature of lead acid batteries presents significant safety and environmental issues in the event of a cell
breach. During charging, lead acid batteries emit combustible gases and increase in temperature. Lithium-ion (particularly LFP) batteries
do not get as hot and avoid many of the safety and environmental issues associated with lead acid batteries. 

Extended
Life : The performance of lead acid batteries degrades after approximately 500 charging cycles in industrial equipment applications.
In comparison, lithium-ion batteries last up to five times longer in the same application. 

Size
and Weight : Lithium is about one-third the weight of lead acid for comparable power ratings. Lower weight enables forklift OEMs
the ability to optimize the design of the truck based on a smaller footprint for lithium-ion instead of lead acid. 

Lower
Cost : Lithium-ion batteries provide power dense solutions with extended cycle life, reduced maintenance and improved operational
performance, resulting in lower total cost of ownership. 

Less
Energy Used : we believe our lithium-ion batteries use 20-50 less energy based on our internal studies comparing lithium-ion
to lead acid. 

9 

Marketing
and Sales 

We
sell our products through several different channels including OEMs, lift equipment dealers and battery distributors as well as directly
to end users. In the industrial motive market, OEMs sell their lift products through dealer networks and directly to end customers. Because
of environmental issues associated with lead acid batteries and to preserve customer choice, industrial lift products are typically sold
without a battery pack. Equipment dealers source battery packs from battery distributors and battery pack suppliers based on demand or
in response to customer specifications. End customers may specify a specific type and manufacturer of battery pack to the equipment dealer
or may purchase battery packs from battery distributors or directly from battery suppliers. 

Our
direct sales staff is assigned to major geographies throughout North America to collaborate with our sales partners who have an established
customer base. We plan to hire additional sales staff to support our expected sales growth. In addition, we have developed a nation-wide
sales network of relationships with equipment OEMs, their dealers, and battery distributors. To support our products, we have a nation-wide
network of service providers, typically forklift equipment dealers and battery distributors, who provide local customer service to large
customers. We also maintain a customer support center and provide Tech Bulletins and training to our service and sales network out of
our corporate headquarters. We have partnered with an experienced GSE distributor, to market our lithium-ion battery packs for airport
GSE. 

Manufacturing
and Assembly 

Rather
than manufacture our own battery cells and be limited to a single chemistry, our battery cells are sourced from a limited number of
manufacturers located in China. We source the remainder of the components primarily from vendors in the United States. We developed
our BMS to be agnostic to a battery s lithium-ion chemistry and cell manufacturer. Despite such flexibility, we have
experienced occasional supply interruptions in the past, and more recently, we have been forced to navigate supply chain and
transportation issues stemming from the global pandemic. We have made great strides in sourcing alternate suppliers and parts to
minimize future global supply chain disruptions. We are continuing to monitor and test potential new cell technologies on an ongoing
basis to help mitigate our supply chain risks. Using Lean Manufacturing principles our final assembly, testing and shipping of our products are completed within our ISO 9001
certified facility in Vista, California, which includes six assembly lines. 

We
buy chargers from several sources, including a U.S. based supplier. Additionally, we are a qualified dealer for a well-known manufacturer
of high capacity, modular, smart chargers which support our larger packs. 

Research
and Development 

Our
engineers design, develop, test, and service our advanced lithium-ion energy storage solutions at our company headquarters in Vista,
California. We believe our strengths include our core competencies and capabilities in designing and developing proprietary technology
for our BMS, lean manufacturing processes, systems engineering, engineering application, and software engineering for both battery packs
and telemetry. We believe that our ability to develop new features and technology for our BMS is essential to our growth strategy. 

As
we continue to develop and expand our product offerings, we anticipate that research and development will continue to be a substantial
part of our strategic priorities in the future. We seek to develop innovative, new and improved products for cell and system management
along with associated communication, display, current sensing and charging tools. Our research and development efforts are focused on
improving performance, reliability and durability of our energy storage solutions for our customers and on lowering our costs of production. 

Competition 

Our
competitors in the lift equipment market in years past have been primarily major lead acid battery manufacturers, including Stryten
Energy, East Penn Manufacturing Company, EnerSys Corporation, and Crown Battery Corporation. However, more recently our potential
customer base has become increasingly aware of the performance, lifetime cost, and environmental advantages of lithium-ion
solutions. At the same time, our competitor base offering lithium-ion solutions has grown from a number of early-stage businesses to
now include several larger companies. The increasing market activity reflects the double-digit growth of lithium-ion battery pack
adoption and sales. The sales channel includes. equipment dealers, OEMs and battery distributors. 

10 

The
key competitive factors in this market are performance, reliability, durability, safety and price. We believe we compete effectively
in all of these categories in light of our experience with lithium-ion technology, including our development capabilities and the performance
of our proprietary BMS. We believe that the UL Listing covering many of our core products is a significant differentiating competitive
advantage, and we intend to extend that advantage by seeking to obtain UL Listings for our other energy storage pack products in the coming
months. In addition, because our BMS is not reliant on any specific battery cell chemistry, we believe we can adapt rapidly to changes
in advanced battery technology or customer preferences. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely
on a combination of patents pending, patent applications, trade secrets, including know-how, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements,
copyright laws, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights
in our technology. In addition to such factors as innovation, technological expertise and experienced personnel, we believe that a strong
patent position is important to remain competitive. 

As of June 30, 2023, we have two issued U.S. patents. We have filed three (3)
new U.S. patent applications on advanced technology related to lithium-ion battery packs. The technology behind these three (3) patents is
designed to: 

increase
 battery life by optimizing the charging cycle, 

give
 users a better understanding of the health of their battery in use, and 

apply
 artificial intelligence to predictively balance the cells for optimal performance. 

We
do not know whether any of our efforts will result in the issuance of patents or whether the examination process will require us to narrow
our claims. Even if granted, there can be no assurance that these pending patent applications will provide us with protection. 

We have obtained U.S. federal trademark registrations for Flux, Flux Power, Flux Power logo. and Lift. We have pending
applications to register SkyBMS. We also believe that we have common law trademark rights to certain marks in addition to those which
we have registered. 

Suppliers 

We
obtain a limited number of components and supplies included in our products from a small group of suppliers. During the year ended June 30, 2023, we had one (1) supplier who accounted for more than 10 of our total purchases,
which represented approximately 17,022,000 or 31 of our total purchases. 

During the year ended June
30, 2022, we had one (1) supplier who accounted for more than 10 of our total purchases, which represented approximately 13,884,000
or 28 of our total purchases. 

Government
Regulations 

Product
Safety Regulations . Our products are subject to product safety regulations by Federal, state, and local organizations. Accordingly,
we may be required, or may voluntarily determine to obtain approval of our products from one or more of the organizations engaged in
regulating product safety. These approvals could require significant time and resources from our technical staff and, if redesign were
necessary, could result in a delay in the introduction of our products in various markets and applications. 

Environmental
Regulations . Federal, state, and local regulations impose significant environmental requirements on the manufacture, storage,
transportation, and disposal of various components of advanced energy storage systems. Although we believe that our operations are in
material compliance with current applicable environmental regulations, there can be no assurance that changes in such laws and regulations
will not impose costly compliance requirements on us or otherwise subject us to future liabilities. 

11 

Moreover,
Federal, state, and local governments may enact additional regulations relating to the manufacture, storage, transportation, and disposal
of components of advanced energy storage systems. Compliance with such additional regulations could require us to devote significant
time and resources and could adversely affect demand for our products. There can be no assurance that additional or modified regulations
relating to the manufacture, storage, transportation, and disposal of components of advanced energy systems will not be imposed. 

Occupational
Safety and Health Regulations . The California Division of Occupational Safety and Health (Cal/OSHA) and other regulatory agencies
have jurisdiction over the operations of our Vista, California facility. Because of the risks generally associated with the assembly
of advanced energy storage systems we expect rigorous enforcement of applicable health and safety regulations. Frequent audits by, or
changes, in the regulations issued by Cal/OSHA, or other regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over our operations, may cause unforeseen
delays and require significant time and resources from our technical staff. 

Human
Capital Resources 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had 133 employees. We engage outside consultants for business development, operations and other functions from time
to time. None of our employees is currently represented by a trade union. 

Corporate
Office 

Our
corporate headquarters and production facility totals approximately 63,200 square feet and is located in Vista, California. Our production
facility is ISO 9001 certified. The telephone number at our principal executive office is (760)-741-FLUX or (760)-741-3589. 

Other
Information 

Our
Internet address is www.fluxpower.com. We make available on our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Other than the information expressly set forth in this annual report, the information contained, or referred to,
on our website is not part of this annual report. 

The
SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC. 

ITEM
1A - RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the summary of risk factors described below,
together with all of the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks
actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common
stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. You also should read the section entitled Special Note Regarding
Forward Looking Statements above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance
of such statements in the context of this report. The risk factors below do not address all the risks relating to securities, business
and operations, and financial condition. 

12 

Risk
Factors Relating to Our Business 

We
have a history of losses and negative working capital. 

For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had net losses of 6.7 million and 15.6 million, respectively. We have historically
experienced net losses and until we generate sufficient revenue, we anticipate that we will continue to experience losses in the near
future. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had a cash balance of 2.4 million and 485,000, respectively. We expect that our existing cash balances,
credit facilities, and cash resources from operations will be sufficient to fund our existing and planned operations for the next twelve
months. Until such time as we generate sufficient cash to fund our operations, we will need additional capital to continue our operations
thereafter. 

We
have relied on equity financings, borrowings under short-term loans with related parties, our credit facilities and/or cash resources
from operating activities to fund our operations. However, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain additional funds in the
future or that funds will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Any future financing may result in dilution of the ownership
interests of our stockholders. If such funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our operations or take
other actions to preserve our cash, which may have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows and results of operations. 

We
will need to raise additional capital or financing to continue to execute and expand our business. 

While
we expect that our existing cash and additional funding available under our GBC Credit Facility, combined with funds available to us under
our subordinated line of credit and the potential net proceeds from our At-The-Market offering will be sufficient to meet our anticipated
capital resources and to fund our planned operations for the next twelve months, such sources of funding are subject to certain restrictions
and covenants and our ability to sell stock will be impacted by market conditions. If we are unable to meet the conditions provided in
the loan documents, the funds will not be available to us. In addition, should there be any delays in the receipts of key component parts,
due in part to supply chain disruptions, our ability to fulfil the backlog of sales orders will be negatively impacted resulting in
lower availability of cash resources from operations. In that event, we may be required to raise additional capital to support our expanded
operations and execute on our business plan by issuing equity or convertible debt securities. In the event we are required to obtain
additional funds, there is no guarantee that additional funds will be available on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. To the extent
that we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may experience additional dilution
and such financing may involve restrictive covenants. Newly issued securities may include preferences, superior voting rights, and the
issuance of warrants or other convertible securities that will have additional dilutive effects. We cannot assure that additional funds
will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Further, we may
incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we may issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which will adversely impact our financial condition and
results of operations. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the weakness of capital markets, and
the fact that we have not been profitable, which could impact the availability and cost of future financings. If such funds are not available
when required, management will be required to curtail investments in additional sales and marketing and product development, which may
have a material adverse effect on future cash flows and results of operations. 

In
the event of default of the Revolving Note under the GBC Credit Facility, such default could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations or liquidity. 

The loans
and other obligations of the Company under the GBC Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets
(including, without limitation, intellectual property) pursuant to the terms of a Loan and Security Agreement with GBC dated July 28,
2023 (the Agreement and an Intellectual Property Security Agreement (the IP Security Agreement ). The GBC
Credit Facility is evidenced by a revolving note, which matures on July 28, 2025 (the Maturity Date ), unless extended, modified,
or renewed (the Revolving Note ). Provided that there is no event of default, the Maturity Date can automatically be extended
for one (1) year period upon payment of a renewal fee for each such extension in the amount of three-quarters of one percent (0.75 of
the Revolving Loan Commitment, which fee will be due and payable on or before the applicable Maturity Date. The holder of the Revolving
Note is entitled to all of the benefits and security provided for in the Agreement. All Revolving Loans shall be repaid by the Borrower
on the Maturity Date, unless payable sooner pursuant to the provisions of the Agreement. As a secured
party, upon an event of default, GBC will have a first priority right to the collateral granted to them under the Agreement and IP Security
Agreement, and we may lose our ownership interest in the assets pledged as security interest. A loss of our collateral will have a material
adverse effect on our operations, our business and financial condition. 

13 

Backlog
may not be indicative of future operating results. 

Future
revenue for the Company can be influenced by order backlog. Backlog represents the dollar amount of revenues we expect to recognize in
the future from contracts awarded and in progress. Backlog substantially represents new orders. Backlog is not a measure defined by generally
accepted accounting principles and is not a measure of contract profitability. Our methodology for determining backlog may not be comparable
to methodologies used by other companies in determining their backlog amounts. The backlog values we disclose include anticipated revenues
associated with: (1) the original contract amounts; (2) change orders for which we have received written confirmations from the applicable
customers; (3) change orders for which we expect to receive confirmations in the ordinary course of business; and (4) claims that we
have made against customers. In addition, the timing of order placement, size, and customer delivery dates can create unusual fluctuations
in backlog. 

We
include unapproved change orders for which we expect to receive confirmations in the ordinary course of business in backlog, generally
to the extent of the lesser of the amount management expects to recover or the associated costs incurred. Any revenue that would represent
profit associated with unapproved change orders is generally excluded from backlog until written confirmation is obtained from the applicable
customer. However, consideration is given to our history with the customer as well as the contractual basis under which we may be operating.
Accordingly, in certain cases based on our historical experience in resolving unapproved change orders with a customer, the associated
profit may be included in backlog. However, if an unapproved change order is under dispute or has been previously rejected by the customer,
the associated amount of revenue is treated as a claim. 

For
amounts included in backlog that are attributable to claims, we include unapproved claims in backlog when we have a legal basis to do
so, consider collection to be probable and believe we can reliably estimate the ultimate value. Claims revenue is included in backlog
to the extent of the lesser of the amount management expects to recover or associated costs incurred. 

Backlog
may not be indicative of future operating results, and projects in our backlog may be cancelled, modified or otherwise altered by customers.
Our ability to realize revenue from the current backlog is dependent on among other things, the delivery of key parts from our vendors
in a timely manner. We can provide no assurance as to the profitability of our contracts reflected in backlog. 

Economic
conditions may adversely affect consumer spending and the overall general health of our customers, which, in turn, may adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and cash resources. 

Uncertainty
about the current and future global economic conditions may cause our customers to defer purchases or cancel purchase orders for our
products in response to tighter credit, decreased cash availability and weakened consumer confidence. Our financial success is sensitive
to changes in general economic conditions, both globally and nationally. Recessionary economic cycles, higher interest borrowing rates,
higher fuel and other energy costs, inflation, increases in commodity prices, higher levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels,
higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws or other economic factors that may affect consumer spending or buying habits could continue
to adversely affect the demand for our products. If credit pressures or other financial difficulties result in insolvency for our customers,
it could adversely impact our financial results. There can be no assurances that government and consumer responses to the disruptions
in the financial markets will restore consumer confidence. 

We
are dependent on a few customers for the majority of our net revenues, and our success depends on demand from OEMs and other users of
our battery products. 

Historically
a majority of our product sales have been generated from a small number of OEMs and customers, including two (2) customers who, on
an aggregate basis, made up 57 of our sales for the year ended June 30, 2023, and four (4) customers who, on an aggregate basis,
made up 69 of our sales for the year ended June 30, 2022. As a result, our success depends on continued demand from this small group of customers and
their willingness to incorporate our battery products in their equipment. The loss of a significant customer would have an adverse
effect on our revenues. There is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to convince end users to accept our
products. Our failure to gain acceptance of our products could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Additionally,
OEMs, their dealers and battery distributors may be subject to changes in demand for their equipment which could significantly affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

We
do not have long-term contracts with our customers. 

We
do not have long-term contracts with our customers. Future agreements with respect to pricing, returns, promotions, among other things,
are subject to periodic negotiation with each customer. No assurance can be given that our customers will continue to do business with
us. The loss of any of our significant customers will have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity. In addition, the uncertainty of product orders can make it difficult to forecast our sales and allocate our
resources in a manner consistent with actual sales, and our expense levels are based in part on our expectations of future sales. If
our expectations regarding future sales are inaccurate, we may be unable to reduce costs in a timely manner to adjust for sales shortfalls. 

Real
or perceived hazards associated with Lithium-ion battery technology may affect demand for our products. 

Press
reports have highlighted situations in which lithium-ion batteries in automobiles and consumer products have caught fire or exploded.
In response, the use and transportation of lithium-ion batteries has been prohibited or restricted in certain circumstances. This publicity
has resulted in a public perception that lithium-ion batteries are dangerous and unpredictable. Although we believe our battery packs
are safe, these perceived hazards may result in customer reluctance to adopt our lithium-ion based technology. 

Our
products may experience quality problems from time to time that could result in negative publicity, litigation, product recalls and warranty
claims, which could result in decreased revenues and harm to our brands. 

A
catastrophic failure of our battery modules could cause personal or property damages for which we would be potentially liable. Damage
to or the failure of our battery packs to perform to customer specifications could result in unexpected warranty expenses or result in
a product recall, which would be time consuming and expensive. Such circumstances could result in negative publicity or lawsuits filed
against us related to the perceived quality of our products which could harm our brand and decrease demand for our products. 

We
may be subject to product liability claims . 

If
one of our products were to cause injury to someone or cause property damage, including as a result of product malfunctions, defects,
or improper installation, then we could be exposed to product liability claims. We could incur significant costs and liabilities if we
are sued and if damages are awarded against us. Further, any product liability claim we face could be expensive to defend and could divert
management s attention. The successful assertion of a product liability claim against us could result in potentially significant
monetary damages, penalties or fines, subject us to adverse publicity, damage our reputation and competitive position, and adversely
affect sales of our products. In addition, product liability claims, injuries, defects, or other problems experienced by other companies
in the solar industry could lead to unfavorable market conditions for the industry as a whole, and may have an adverse effect on our
ability to attract new customers, thus harming our growth and financial performance. Although we carry product liability insurance, it
may be insufficient in amount to cover our claims. 

15 

Tariffs
could be imposed on lithium-ion batteries or on any other component parts by the United States government or a resulting trade war could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

In
2018, the United States government announced tariffs on certain steel and aluminum products imported into the United States, which led
to reciprocal tariffs being imposed by the European Union and other governments on products imported from the United States. The United
States government has implemented tariffs on goods imported from China. 

The
lithium-ion battery industry has been subjected to tariffs implemented by the United States government on goods imported from China.
There is an ongoing risk of new or additional tariffs being put in place on lithium-ion batteries or related part. Since all of our lithium-ion
batteries are manufactured in China, current and potential tariffs on lithium-ion batteries imported by us from China could increase
our costs, require us to increase prices to our customers or, if we are unable to do so, result in lower gross margins on the products
sold by us. China has already imposed tariffs on a wide range of American products in retaliation for the American tariffs on steel and
aluminum. Additional tariffs could be imposed by China in response to actual or threatened tariffs on products imported from China. The
imposition of additional tariffs by the United States could trigger the adoption of tariffs by other countries as well. Any resulting
escalation of trade tensions, including a trade war, could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world
economy, as well as on our results of operations. At this time, we cannot predict how such enacted tariffs will impact our business.
Tariffs on components imported by us from China could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
are dependent on a limited number of suppliers for our battery cells, and the inability of these suppliers to continue to deliver, or
their refusal to deliver, our battery cells at prices and volumes acceptable to us would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects and operating results. 

We
do not manufacture the battery cells used in our energy storage packs. Our battery cells, which are an integral part of our battery products
and systems, are sourced from a limited number of manufacturers located in China. While we obtain components for our products and systems
from multiple sources whenever possible, we have spent a great deal of time in developing and testing our battery cells that we receive
from our suppliers. We refer to the battery cell suppliers as our limited source suppliers. Additionally,
our operations are materially dependent upon the continued market acceptance and quality of these manufacturers products and their
ability to continue to manufacture products that are competitive and that comply with laws relating to environmental and efficiency standards.
Our inability to obtain products from one or more of these suppliers or a decline in market acceptance of these suppliers products
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. From time to time we have experienced
shortages, allocations and discontinuances of certain components and products, resulting in delays in filling orders. Qualifying new
suppliers to compensate for such shortages may be time-consuming and costly. In addition, we may have to recertify our UL Listings for
the battery cells from new suppliers, which in turn has led to delays in product acceptance. Similar delays may occur in the future.
Furthermore, the performance of the components from our suppliers as incorporated in our products may not meet the quality requirements
of our customers. 

To
date, we have no qualified alternative sources for our battery cells although we research and assess cells from other suppliers on an
ongoing basis. We generally do not maintain long-term agreements with our limited source suppliers. While we believe that we will be
able to establish additional supplier relationships for our battery cells, we may be unable to do so in the short term or at all at prices,
quality or costs that are favorable to us. 

Changes
in business conditions, wars, regulatory requirements, economic conditions and cycles, governmental changes, pandemic, and other factors
beyond our control could also affect our suppliers ability to deliver components to us on a timely basis or cause us to terminate
our relationship with them and require us to find replacements, which we may have difficulty doing. Furthermore, if we experience significant
increased demand, or need to replace our existing suppliers, there can be no assurance that additional supplies of component parts will
be available when required on terms that are favorable to us, at all, or that any supplier would allocate sufficient supplies to us in
order to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner. In the past, we have replaced certain suppliers because of their
failure to provide components that met our quality control standards. The loss of any limited source supplier or the disruption in the
supply of components from these suppliers could lead to delays in the deliveries of our battery products and systems to our customers,
which could hurt our relationships with our customers and also materially adversely affect our business, prospects and operating results. 

16 

Increases
in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of raw materials, in particular lithium-ion phosphate cells, could harm our business. 

We
may experience increases in the costs, or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage, of raw materials. Any such cost increase
or supply interruption could materially negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. For instance,
we are exposed to multiple risks relating to price fluctuations for lithium-iron phosphate cells. 

These
risks include: 

the
 inability or unwillingness of battery manufacturers to supply the number of lithium-iron phosphate cells required to support our
 sales as demand for such rechargeable battery cells increases; 

disruption
 in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery cell manufacturers; and 

an
 increase in the cost of raw materials, such as iron and phosphate, used in lithium-iron phosphate cells. 

Our
success depends on our ability to develop new products and capabilities that respond to customer demand, industry trends or actions by
our competitors and failure to do so may cause us to lose our competitiveness in the battery industry and may cause our profits to decline. 

Our
success will depend on our ability to develop new products and capabilities that respond to customer demand, industry trends or actions
by our competitors. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop new products and capabilities that adequately
respond to these forces. In addition, changes in legislative, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may
render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive. If we are unable to offer products and capabilities that satisfy customer
demand, respond adequately to changes in industry trends or legislative changes and maintain our competitive position in our markets,
our financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected . 

The
research and development of new products and technologies is costly and time consuming, and there are no assurances that our research
and development efforts will be either successful or completed within anticipated timeframes, if at all. Our failure to technologically
evolve and/or develop new or enhanced products may cause us to lose competitiveness in the battery market. In addition, in order to compete
effectively in the renewable battery industry, we must be able to launch new products to meet our customers demands in a timely
manner. However, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to install and certify any equipment needed to produce new products
in a timely manner, or that the transitioning of our manufacturing facility and resources to full production under any new product programs
will not impact production rates or other operational efficiency measures at our manufacturing facility. In addition, new product introductions
and applications are risky, and may suffer from a lack of market acceptance, delays in related product development and failure of new
products to operate properly. Any failure by us to successfully launch new products, or a failure by us to meet our customers criteria
in order to accept such products, could adversely affect our results. 

Our
business will be adversely affected if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights from unauthorized use or infringement
by third parties. 

Any
failure to protect our intellectual proprietary rights could result in our competitors offering similar products, potentially resulting
in the loss of some of our competitive advantage and a decrease in our revenue, which would adversely affect our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual
property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of patents, patent applications, trade secrets, including know-how, employee and
third-party nondisclosure agreements, copyright laws, trademarks, intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights to establish
and protect our proprietary rights in our technology. 

17 

The
protections provided by patent laws will be important to our future opportunities. However, such patents and agreements and various other
measures we take to protect our intellectual property from use by others may not be effective for various reasons, including the following: 

the
 patents we have been granted may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented because of the pre-existence of similar patented or unpatented
 intellectual property rights or for other reasons; 

the
 costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements or other intellectual property rights may make
 aggressive enforcement impracticable; and 

existing
 and future competitors may independently develop similar technology and/or duplicate our systems in a way that circumvents our patents. 

Our
patent applications may not result in issued patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from
commercially exploiting products similar to ours. 

We
cannot be certain that we are the first creator of inventions covered by pending patent applications or the first to file patent applications
on these inventions, nor can we be certain that our pending patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our issued
patents will afford protection against a competitor. In addition, patent applications that we intend to file in foreign countries are
subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United States, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent
applications related to issue United States patents will be issued. Furthermore, if these patent applications issue, some foreign countries
provide significantly less effective patent enforcement than in the United States. 

The
status of patents involves complex legal and factual questions and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. As a result, we cannot
be certain that the patent applications that we file will result in patents being issued, or that our patents and any patents that may
be issued to us in the near future will afford protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition, patents issued to
us may be infringed upon or designed around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either
of which would increase costs and may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

We
rely on trade secret protections through confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers and other parties; the breach of such
agreements could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

We
rely on trade secrets, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our employees, customers
and other parties. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any
such breach or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed by competitors. To the extent that
consultants, key employees or other third parties apply technological information independently developed by them or by others to our
proposed projects, disputes may arise as to the proprietary rights to such information that may not be resolved in our favor. We may
be involved from time to time in litigation to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of our proprietary rights. Any such litigation
could result in substantial cost and diversion of effort by our management and technical personnel. 

Our
business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of the members of our senior management team, and our business may be severely
disrupted if we lose their services. 

We
believe that our success is largely dependent upon the continued service of the members of our senior management team, who are critical
to establishing our corporate strategies and focus, overseeing the execution of our business strategy and ensuring our continued growth.
Our continued success will depend on our ability to attract and retain a qualified and competent management team in order to manage our
existing operations and support our expansion plans. Although we are not aware of any change, if any of the members of our senior management
team are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, we may not be able to replace them readily. Therefore, our business
may be severely disrupted, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit and retain their replacement. In addition, if any of the members
of our senior management team joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose some of our customers. 

If
we are forced to implement workforce reductions, our staff resources will be stretched making our ability to comply with legal and regulatory
requirements as a public company difficult. 

There
can be no assurance that our management team will be able to implement and affect programs and policies in an effective and timely manner
especially if subject to workforce reductions, that adequately respond to increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements
imposed by such laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to the imposition of fines and
penalties and further result in the deterioration of our business. 

18 

Compliance
with changing regulations concerning corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses. 

There
have been changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the (Sarbanes-Oxley)
Act of 2002, new regulations promulgated by the SEC and rules promulgated by the national securities exchanges. These new or changed
laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result,
their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result
in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance
practices. As a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards are likely to continue to result in increased
general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities. Members of our Board of Directors and our chief executive officer and chief financial officer could face an increased risk
of personal liability in connection with the performance of their duties. As a result, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining
qualified directors and executive officers, which could harm our business. If the actions we take in our efforts to comply with new or
changed laws, regulations and standards differ from the actions intended by regulatory or governing bodies, we could be subject to liability
under applicable laws or our reputation may be harmed. 

In
addition, Sarbanes-Oxley specifically requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting
and disclosure of controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal controls
over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required
by Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. Our testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, when required,
may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Our compliance with
Section 404 will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management efforts. We currently do not
have an internal audit group, and we may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience
and technical accounting knowledge. Moreover, if we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or
if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting
that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations
by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses,
or if we identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls,
we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition or results of operations, which may adversely affect our business
and stock price. 

Based
on management s evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023, we identified material weaknesses in
our internal controls over financial reporting. The material weaknesses were based on our ineffective oversight of our internal control
over financial reporting and lack of sufficient personnel resources with technical accounting expertise related to certain aspects of
the financial reporting process. Until such time as we could have additional resources with such level of technical accounting expertise,
management intends to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial
reporting to remediate material weaknesses, including the use of third-party consultants and accounting experts. 

We
are committed to remediating our material weakness. However, there can be no assurance as to when this material weakness will be remediated
or that additional material weaknesses will not arise in the future. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting, our ability to record, process and report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected and could
result in a material misstatement in our financial statements, which could subject us to litigation or investigations, require management
resources, increase our expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact the trading
price of our common stock. 

We
may face significant costs relating to environmental regulations for the storage and shipment of our lithium-ion battery packs. 

Federal,
state, and local regulations impose significant environmental requirements on the manufacture, storage, transportation, and disposal
of various components of advanced energy storage systems. Although we believe that our operations are in material compliance with applicable
environmental regulations, there can be no assurance that changes in such laws and regulations will not impose costly compliance requirements
on us or otherwise subject us to future liabilities. Moreover, Federal, state, and local governments may enact additional regulations
relating to the manufacture, storage, transportation, and disposal of components of advanced energy storage systems. Compliance with
such additional regulations could require us to devote significant time and resources and could adversely affect demand for our products.
There can be no assurance that additional or modified regulations relating to the manufacture, storage, transportation, and disposal
of components of advanced energy systems will not be imposed. 

Natural
disasters, public health crises, political crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control may damage our
sole facility or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, and could impact consumer spending. 

Our
sole production facility is located in southern California near major geologic faults that have experienced earthquakes in the past.
An earthquake or other natural disaster or power shortages or outages could disrupt our operations or impair critical systems. Any of
these disruptions or other events outside of our control could affect our business negatively, harming our operating results. In addition,
if our sole facility, or the facilities of our suppliers, third-party service providers or customers, is affected by natural disasters,
such as earthquakes, tsunamis, power shortages or outages, floods or monsoons, public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics,
political crises, such as terrorism, war, political instability or other conflict, or other events outside of our control, our business
and operating results could suffer. Moreover, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions
or, depending upon the severity, globally, which could adversely impact our operating results. Similar disasters occurring at our vendors 
manufacturing facilities could impact our reputation and our consumers perception of our brands. 

19 

Security
breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent us from accessing
critical information or expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. 

We
utilize information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information in connection with our business
activities. As the use of digital technologies has increased, cyber incidents, including deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized
access to computer systems and networks and divert financial resources, have increased in frequency and sophistication. These threats
pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data, all of which
are vital to our operations and business strategy. There can be no assurance we will succeed in preventing cyber-attacks or successfully
mitigating their effects. 

Despite
implementing security measures, any of the internal computer systems belonging to us or our suppliers are vulnerable to damage from computer
viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failure. Any system failure, accident,
security breach or data breach that causes interruptions could result in a material disruption of our product development programs. Further,
our information technology and other internal infrastructure systems, including firewalls, servers, leased lines and connection to the
Internet, face the risk of systemic failure, which could disrupt our operations. If any disruption or security breach results in a loss
or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we may incur resulting
liability, and competitive position may be adversely affected, and the further development of our products may be delayed. Furthermore,
we may incur additional costs to remedy the damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock and Market 

The
market price of our common stock could become volatile, or our trading volume become weak, either of which could lead to the price of
our stock being depressed at a time when you may want to sell. 

Our
common stock is being traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol FLUX. We cannot predict the extent to which
investor interest in our common stock will lead to the development of an active trading market on that stock exchange or any other exchange
in the future. An active market for our common stock may never develop. We cannot assure you that the volume of trading in shares of
our common stock will increase in the future. The trading price of our common stock has experienced volatility and is likely to continue
to be highly volatile in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, without limitation, the following: 

our
 earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the
 expectations of financial market analysts and investors; 

changes
 in financial estimates by securities analysts, if any, who might cover our stock; 

speculation
 about our business in the press or the investment community; 

significant
 developments relating to our relationships with our customers or suppliers; 

stock
 market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in our industry; 

customer
 demand for our products; 

investor
 perceptions of our industry in general and our Company in particular; 

general
 economic conditions and trends; 

announcements
 by us or our competitors of new products, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; 

loss
 of external funding sources; 

sales
 of our common stock, including sales by our directors, officers or significant stockholders; and 

additions
 or departures of key personnel. 

The
trading price and volume of our common stock may impact your ability to sell your shares of common stock, causing you to lose all or
part of your investment. 

20 

The
ownership of our stock is highly concentrated in our management, and we have one controlling stockholder. 

As of September 8,
2023, our directors and executive officers, and their respective affiliates beneficially owned approximately 28.5 of our outstanding
common stock, including common stock underlying options, and warrants that were exercisable or convertible or which would become exercisable
or convertible within 60 days. Michael Johnson, our director and sole director of Esenjay Investments LLC Essenjay ), beneficially
owns approximately 26.7 of such outstanding common stock. As a result of their ownership, our directors and executive officers and their
respective affiliates collectively, and Esenjay, individually, are able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder
approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may
also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 

We
do not intend to pay dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on shares of our common stock. We intend to retain any future earnings to fund the operation
and expansion of our business and, therefore, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on shares of our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Although
our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with continued listing
standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market. 

Although
our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply with the minimum
bid price requirement, stockholder equity requirement and the other standards that we are required to meet in order to maintain a listing
of our common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market. Our failure to continue to meet these requirements may result in our common stock being
delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market. There can be no assurance that our common stock will continue to trade on The Nasdaq Capital
Market or trade on the over-the counter markets or any public market in the future. In the event our common stock is delisted, our stock
price and market liquidity of our stock will be adversely affected which will impact your ability to sell your securities in the market. 

Preferred
Stock may be issued under our Articles of Incorporation which may have superior rights to our common stock. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorize the issuance of up to 500,000 shares of preferred stock. The preferred stock may be issued in one
or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance. These terms may include voting rights including the right
to vote as a series on particular matters, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion rights, redemption rights and sinking
fund provisions. In addition, these voting, conversion and exchange rights of preferred stock could negatively affect the voting power
or other rights of our common stockholders. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock,
or delay or prevent a change of control of our Company, and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. 

21 

ITEM
1B - UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2 - PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters and production facility totals approximately 63,200 square feet and is located in Vista, California. Our
production facility is ISO 9001 certified. We lease this property. Rent during the year ended June 30, 2023 was approximately
 64,000 per month, and our annual rent will escalate approximately 3 per year through the end of the lease term on November 20,
2026. Our east coast customer service facility located in Atlanta, Georgia is approximately 4,900 square feet and monthly rent is
approximately 5,000, which will escalate approximately 5 per year through the end of the lease term on April 30, 2028. Total rent
expense was approximately 899,000 and 867,000 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

We
believe that our leased property is in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. 

ITEM
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal
proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result
in any legal proceedings that may arise from time to time may harm the Company s business. To the best knowledge of management,
there are no material legal proceedings pending against us. 

ITEM
4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

22 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
for Common Stock 

Our
common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol FLUX. 

Holders
of Record of Common Stock 

As of September 8, 2023, we had approximately 1,367 stockholders of record
for our common stock. The foregoing number of stockholders of record does not include an unknown number of stockholders who hold their
stock in street name. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We presently do not expect to declare or pay such dividends in the foreseeable
future and expect to reinvest all undistributed earnings to expand our operations, which the management believes would be of the most
benefit to our stockholders. The declaration of dividends, if any, will be subject to the discretion of our Board of Directors, which
may consider such factors as our results of operations, financial condition, capital needs and acquisition strategy, among others. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Unregistered
securities sold by the Company during the period covered by this report have been previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
or Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities 

None. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides certain information with respect to our equity compensation plans in effect as of June 30, 2023: 

Number
 of 
 securities to be 
 issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, and 
 settlement of 
 RSUs 
 (a) 
 Weighted- 
 average exercise 
 price of 
 outstanding 
 options, and 
 issuance price of 
 RSUs 
 (b) 
 Number
 of 
 securities 
 remaining 
 available for 
 future issuance 
 under equity 
 compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities 
 reflected in 
 column a) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by shareholders (1) 
 732,352 
 7.94 
 91,907 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by shareholders (2) 
 412,853 
 3.43 
 1,587,147 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by shareholders (3) 
 21,944 
 10.00 
 - 
 
 Equity
compensation plans approved by shareholders (4) 
 - 
 - 
 350,000 

Total 
 1,167,149 
 6.39 
 2,029,054 

(1) 
 Represents shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2014
 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan which was approved by our shareholders on February 17, 2015, and was amended on
 October 25, 2017. 
 
 (2) 
 Represents shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan which was approved by our shareholders on April 29, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 Consists of 7,200 options granted under the 2010 Stock Option Plan (the 2010 Plan and assumed by us in the reverse acquisition. An additional 30,700 non-qualified options were issued. At June 30, 2023, there were 21,944 options outstanding. 
 
 (4) 
 Represents the number of shares of common stock reserved as authorized for the grant of options under the Flux Power Holdings, Inc. 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2023 ESPP ), which was approved by our shareholders on April 20, 2023. 

ITEM
6 - RESERVED 

Not
Applicable. 

23 

ITEM
7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto contained in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Some of the statements contained in the following discussion of the Company s financial condition and results of
operations refer to future expectations or include other forward-looking information. Those statements are subject to known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contemplated,
including, but not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this report under the heading Risk Factors, which
are incorporated herein by reference. See Special Note regarding Forward-Looking Statements included in this Report on
Form 10-K for a discussion of factors to be considered when evaluating forward-looking information detailed below. These factors could
cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. 

Business
Overview 

We
design, develop, manufacture, and sell a portfolio of advanced lithium-ion energy storage solutions for electrification of a range of
industrial and commercial sectors which include material handling, airport ground support equipment GSE ), and stationary
energy storage. We believe our mobile and stationary energy storage solutions provide our customers a reliable, high performing, cost
effective, and more environmentally friendly alternative as compared to traditional lead acid and propane-based solutions. Our modular
and scalable design allows different configurations of lithium-ion battery packs to be paired with our proprietary wireless battery management
system to provide the level of energy storage required and state of the art real time monitoring of pack performance. We
believe that the increasing demand for lithium-ion battery packs and more environmentally friendly energy storage solutions in the material
handling sector should continue to drive our revenue growth. 

Our
long-term strategy is to meet the rapidly growing demand for lithium-ion energy solutions and to be the supplier of choice, targeting
large companies having energy storage needs. We have established selling relationships with large fleets of forklifts and GSEs. We intend
to reach this goal by investing in research and development to expand our product mix, by expanding our sales and marketing efforts,
improving our customer support efforts and continuing our efforts to improve production capacity and efficiencies. Our research and development
efforts will continue to focus on providing adaptable, reliable and cost-effective energy storage solutions for our customers. We have
filed three new patents on advanced technology related to lithium-ion battery packs. The technology behind these pending patents is
designed to: 

increase
 battery life by optimizing the charging cycle, 

give
 users a better understanding of the health of their battery in use, and 

apply
 artificial intelligence to predictively balance the cells for optimal performance. 

Our
largest sector of penetration thus far has been the material handling sector which we believe is a multi-billion-dollar addressable market.
We believe the sector will provide us with an opportunity to grow our business as we enhance our product mix and service levels and grow
our sales to large fleets of forklifts and GSEs. Applications of our modular packs for other industrial and commercial uses, such as
solar energy storage, are providing additional current growth and further opportunities. We intend to continue to expand our supply chain
and customer partnerships and seek further partnerships and/or acquisitions that provide synergy to meeting our growth and building
scale objectives. 

The
following table summarizes the new orders, shipments, and backlog activities for the last six (6) fiscal quarters: 

Fiscal Quarter Ended 
 Beginning Backlog 
 New Orders 
 Shipments 
 Ending Backlog 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 31,415,000 
 20,495,000 
 13,317,000 
 38,593,000 
 
 June 30, 2022 
 38,593,000 
 11,622,000 
 15,195,000 
 35,020,000 
 
 September 30, 2022 
 35,020,000 
 9,678,000 
 17,840,000 
 26,858,000 
 
 December 31, 2022 
 26,858,000 
 20,652,000 
 17,158,000 
 30,352,000 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 30,352,000 
 9,751,000 
 15,087,000 
 25,016,000 
 
 June 30, 2023 
 25,016,000 
 19,780,000 
 16,252,000 
 28,544,000 

24 

Backlog 
represents the amount of anticipated revenues we may recognize in the future from existing contractual orders with customers that are
in progress and have not yet shipped. Backlog values may not be indicative of future operating results as orders may be cancelled, modified
or otherwise altered by customers. In addition, our ability to realize revenue from our backlog will be dependent on the delivery of
key parts from our suppliers and our ability to manufacture and ship our products to customers in a timely manner. There can be no assurance
that outstanding customer orders will be fulfilled as expected and that our backlog will result in future revenues. 

As of
September 8, 2023, our order backlog was approximately 27.2 million. 

Business
Updates 

Many
of the disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic over the past several years have largely abated. During the pandemic, we, like others
in the industry, experienced supply chain challenges such as delays of purchased components and the shortage of components.
We have addressed these supply chain challenges with improved vendor selection, and improved supply chain internal practices.
However, we have experienced shipment delays of battery packs for some forklift models that have experienced production delays. We
have seen recent improvements in shipment timing. The price increases during the pandemic for steel and domestic freight have
lessened but still remain higher than pre-pandemic. Price recovery of increased pandemic-related costs have now begun to be realized
in shipments during the latter part of Fiscal 2023. However, there can be no assurance that our price increases, inventory levels or
any future steps we take will be sufficient to offset the rising procurement costs and manage sourcing of raw materials and
component parts effectively. 

Lead times for forklifts and GSE Equipment have been extended for certain model lines of major OEMs. These extended
lead times have resulted in some shipment deferrals and delays in receiving anticipated orders. Not all product lines are impacted but
the impact has required additional selling efforts to maintain our sales trajectory. 

Business
 expansion to accelerate gross margin 

Leverage
 current high-profile proven customer relationships to respond to growing demand
 of large fleets for lithium-ion value proposition. 
 
 Pursue
 new market that can leverage our technology and manufacturing capabilities. 
 
 Expand
 features of our popular SkyBMS (telemetry) which provides customized fleet
 management, and real time reports. 
 
 Expand
 our manufacturing and service capacities to ensure customer satisfaction from increased deliveries,
 and service. 
 
 Capitalize
 on our leadership position with new offerings. 
 
 While
 we are agnostic to the type of lithium chemistry, ensure our research to support
 other chemistries as they may become available. Ensure we have leadership with our core technology,
 without dependence on purchasing critical technology. 

There
can be no assurance that these initiatives and efforts will be successful. 

25 

Overview
of 2023 Financing Activities 

At-The-Market
Offering 

On October 16, 2020, we filed a shelf registration on Form S-3 for up to
 50 million to support our ability to raise capital to support our business growth. In connection with the shelf registration statement,
in December 2020, we entered into a Sales Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC enabling us to sell shares of our common stock
in an At-The-Market offering from time to time. On May 27, 2021, we filed an amendment to the prospectus supplement dated
December 21, 2020, allowing us to sell up to 20 million of shares under the At-The-Market offering program ATM Offering ).
In Fiscal 2021 we sold an aggregate of 978,782 shares of common stock at an average price of 12.93 per share for gross proceeds of approximately
 12.7 million in the ATM Offering, prior to deducting commissions and other offering related expenses. In Fiscal 2022, we sold an additional
190,782 shares of common stock at average price of 8.70 per share for gross proceeds of approximately 1.7 million in the ATM Offering,
prior to deducting commissions and other offering related expenses. In Fiscal 2023, we sold an additional 355,309 shares of common stock
at average price of 4.54 per share for gross proceeds of approximately 1.6 million in the ATM Offering, prior to deducting commissions
and other offering related expenses. As of June 30, 2023, approximately 4.1 million remained available under the ATM Offering for future
sales of our common stock. 

Gibraltar Credit Facility 

On July 28, 2023, we entered into
a certain Loan and Security Agreement (the Agreement with Gibraltar Business Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company GBC ). The Agreement provides us with a senior secured revolving loan facility (the GBC Credit Facility for up to 15 million (the Revolving Loan Commitment ). The revolving amount available under the GBC Credit Facility is equal
to the lesser of the Revolving Loan Commitment and the borrowing base amount (as defined in the Agreement). The GBC Credit Facility is
evidenced by a revolving note, which matures on July 28, 2025 (the Maturity Date ), unless extended, modified or renewed
(the Revolving Note ). Provided that there is no event of default, the Maturity Date can automatically be extended for one
(1) year period upon payment of a renewal fee for each such extension in the amount of three-quarters of one percent (0.75 of the Revolving
Loan Commitment, which fee will be due and payable on or before the applicable Maturity Date. In addition, subject to conditions and terms
set forth in the Agreement, the we may request an increase in the Revolving Loan Commitment from time to time upon not less than 30 days 
notice to GBC which increase may be made at the sole discretion of GBC, as long as: (a) the requested increase is in a minimum amount
of 1.0 million, and (b) the total increases do not exceed 5.0 million and no more than five (5) increases are made. Outstanding principal
under the GBC Credit Facility accrues interest at Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR , as defined in the Agreement) plus five and one half of one percent (5.50 per
annum with such interest payment is due monthly on the last day of the month. In the event of default, the amounts due under the Agreement
bears interest at a rate per annum equal to three percent (3.0 above the rate that is otherwise applicable to such amounts. We paid
GBC a non-refundable closing fee for the GBC Credit Facility of 112,500 upon the execution of the Agreement. In addition, the
Company is required to pay a monthly unused line fee equal to one-half of one percent (0.50 per annum on the difference between the
Revolving Loan Commitment and the average outstanding principal balance of the revolving loan(s) for such month. The obligations under
the GBC Credit Facility may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time upon an exit fee of (a) two percent (2.00 of the Revolving Loan
Commitment if the obligations are paid in full during the first year after the closing date, or (b) one percent (1.00 of the Revolving
Loan Commitment if the obligations are paid in full one year after the closing date, provided, that, the
exit fee will be waived if such prepayment occurs in connection with the refinancing of the obligations with Bank of America, N.A., as
lender. 

Termination of Silicon Valley
Bank LOC 

In connection with the entry into the Agreement (as described above) and the
repayment in full of the principal amount outstanding under SVB Credit Facility together with total accrued and unpaid interest and related
fees with a portion of the funds from the GBC Credit Facility on July 28, 2023, we terminated the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as
of November 9, 2020, as amended , by and among SVB and
the Company. 

Segment
and Related Information 

We
operate as a single reportable segment. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

Management
has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of the Company s consolidated financial statements,
and believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on the Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements. 

26 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Financial Statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation
of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues,
and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates based on
its historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of
which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies and estimates affect the preparation of our financial statements: 

Accounts
Receivable 

Accounts
receivable are carried at their estimated collectible amounts. The Company has not experienced issues related to the collection of
its accounts receivable and has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022. 

Inventories 

Inventories
consist primarily of battery management systems and the related subcomponents and are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out)
or net realizable value. The Company evaluates inventories to determine if write-downs are necessary due to obsolescence or if the inventory
levels are in excess of anticipated demand at market value based on consideration of historical sales and product development plans.
The Company recorded an adjustment related to obsolete inventory in the amount of approximately 354,000 and 111,000 during the year
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance to the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers ASC 606 for all contracts. The Company derives its revenue from the sale of products to customers. The
Company sells its products primarily through a distribution network of equipment dealers, OEMs and battery distributors in primarily
North America. The Company recognizes revenue for the products when all significant risks and rewards have been transferred to the customer,
there is no continuing managerial involvement associated with ownership of the goods sold is retained, no effective control over the
goods sold is retained, the amount of revenue can be measured reliably, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the
transactions will flow to the Company and the costs incurred or to be incurred with respect to the transaction can be measured reliably. 

Product
revenue is recognized as a distinct single performance obligation which represents the point in time that our customer receives delivery
of the products. Our customers do have a right to return product, but our returns have historically been minimal. 

Product
Warranties 

The Company evaluates its exposure
to product warranty obligations based on historical experience. Our products, primarily lift equipment packs, are warrantied for five
years unless modified by a separate agreement. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company carried warranty liability of approximately 1,600,000
and 1,012,000, respectively, which is included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

27 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Pursuant
to the provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic No. 718-10, Compensation-Stock Compensation , which establishes accounting for equity instruments exchanged for employee
service, we utilize the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the fair value of employee stock option awards at the date of
grant, which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, including expected volatility and expected life. Changes in these inputs
and assumptions can materially affect the measure of estimated fair value of our share-based compensation. These assumptions are subjective
and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. When estimating fair value, some of the assumptions will be based
on, or determined from, external data and other assumptions may be derived from our historical experience with stock-based payment arrangements.
The appropriate weight to place on historical experience is a matter of judgment, based on relevant facts and circumstances. 

Common
stock or equity instruments such as warrants issued for services to non-employees are valued at their estimated fair value at the measurement
date (the date when a firm commitment for performance of the services is reached, typically the date of issuance, or when performance
is complete). If the total value exceeds the par value of the stock issued, the value in excess of the par value is added to the additional
paid-in-capital. 

Recently
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company did not adopt any new accounting pronouncements for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of Results of Operations of the Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this
Annual Report. 

The
following table represents our statement of operations for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 Fiscal 2023 and June
30, 2022 Fiscal 2022 ). 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 

of Revenues 
 
 of Revenues 
 
 Revenues 
 66,337,000 
 100 
 42,333,000 
 100 
 
 Cost of sales 
 49,237,000 
 74 
 35,034,000 
 83 
 
 Gross profit 
 17,100,000 
 26 
 7,299,000 
 17 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and administrative 
 17,620,000 
 28 
 15,515,000 
 37 
 
 Research and development 
 4,890,000 
 7 
 7,141,000 
 17 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 22,510,000 
 35 
 22,656,000 
 54 

Operating loss 
 (5,410,000 
 -8 
 (15,357,000 
 -36 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 8,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 
 (1,339,000 
 -2 
 (252,000 
 -1 

Net loss 
 (6,741,000 
 -10 
 (15,609,000 
 -37 

28 

Revenues 

Historically
our product focus has been on lift equipment, reflecting a mix of walkie pallet jacks and higher capacity packs for Class 1, 2, and 3
forklifts. Over the past two years, we expanded our product offering into adjacent applications, including airport GSE, stationary energy
storage and other solutions for industrial and commercial applications. The launch of larger packs over the past two years has shifted
our portfolio mix to include packs with higher selling prices as compared to our historical mix. We believe that we are well positioned
to address the needs of many segments within the material handling sector in light of our modular and scalable battery pack design coupled
with our proprietary battery management system that can be coupled with our telemetry based SkyBMS product offering. 

We
sell our products through several different channels including OEMs, lift equipment dealers and battery distributors as well as directly
to end users, primarily in North America. The channels sell principally to large company, national accounts. We sell certain battery
packs directly to other accounts including industrial equipment manufacturers and end users. 

Revenues
for Fiscal 2023 increased 24,004,000 or 57 , to 66,337,000, compared to 42,333,000 for Fiscal 2022. The
increase in revenues was due to sales of energy storage solutions with higher average selling prices and a higher volume of units sold,
driven by significant increases in GSE sales. The increase in revenues included both greater sales to existing and new Material Handling
customers as well as an increase in GSE sales. Additionally, we further diversified our sales channels, and saw considerable volume and
price improvement in GSE sales as domestic airlines resumed operations with a reinvigorated focus on sustainably scaling their own operations
with our environmentally friendly and cost-effective solutions. 

Cost
of Sales 

Cost
of sales for Fiscal 2023 increased 14,203,000 or 41 , to 49,237,000, compared to 35,034,000 for Fiscal 2022. The
increase in cost of sales was directly associated with higher sales of energy storage solutions, partially offset by lower average cost
of sales per unit achieved during the current year as a result of our gross margin improvement initiatives, including design enhancements
to lower cost, improve serviceability, simplify bill of materials and supply chain initiatives to improve inventory turns and create
part commonality across multiple product line. Cost of sales as a percentage of revenues for Fiscal 2023 was 74 , a decrease of
9 percentage points, compared to 83 for the Fiscal 2022. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit for Fiscal 2023 increased 9,801,000 or 134 , to 17,100,000, compared to 7,299,000 for the Fiscal 2022. The
gross profit margin (gross profit expressed as a percentage of revenues) increased to 26 for Fiscal 2023 compared to 17 for
Fiscal 2022. Gross profit improved by 9 percentage points as a result of a higher volume of
units sold with a higher selling price and lower cost of sales as a result of the gross margin improvement initiatives as noted
above. 

Selling
and Administrative 

Selling
and administrative expenses for Fiscal 2023 increased 2,105,000 or 14 , to 17,620,000, compared to 15,515,000 for Fiscal 2022. The
increase was primarily attributable to increases in personnel expenses related to new hires and temporary labor, severance expenses incurred,
and recruiting costs, and increases in depreciation expense, outbound shipping costs, insurance premiums, travel expenses, marketing
expenses, and facilities related costs, partially offset by decreases in commissions, bad debt expenses, consulting fees, public relations
expenses, and stock-based compensation. 

Research
and Development 

Research
and development expenses for Fiscal 2023 decreased 2,251,000 or 32 , to 4,890,000, compared to 7,141,000 for Fiscal 2022. Such
expenses consisted primarily of materials, supplies, salaries and personnel related expenses, product testing, consulting, and other
expenses associated with revisions to existing product designs and new product development. The decrease in research and development
expenses was primarily due to lower staff related expenses and expenses related to development of new products. 

29 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense for Fiscal 2023 increased 1,087,000 or 431 , to 1,339,000, compared to 252,000 for Fiscal 2022. The
increase in interest expense was due to higher average balances outstanding of our SVB Credit
Facility and higher interest rates, as well as recording of approximately 482,000 of debt issuance costs amortization
related to our existing lines of credit. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss during Fiscal 2023 decreased 8,868,000 or 57 , to 6,741,000 compared to 15,609,000 for Fiscal 2022. The
lower net loss for Fiscal 2023 was primarily attributable to increased gross profit, partially offset by increased operating
expenses and higher interest expense. 

Adjusted
EBITDA 

Adjusted
EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated taking net income and adding back the expenses related to interest,
income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation, each of which has been calculated in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted
EBITDA was a loss of approximately 3,705,000 for the Fiscal 2023 compared to a loss of 14,071,000 for the Fiscal 2022. 

Management
believes that Adjusted EBITDA, when viewed with our results under GAAP and the accompanying reconciliations, provides useful information
about our period-over-period results. Adjusted EBITDA is presented because management believes it provides additional information with
respect to the performance of our fundamental business activities and is also frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other
interested parties in the evaluation of comparable companies. We also rely on Adjusted EBITDA as a primary measure to review and assess
the operating performance of our company and our management team. 

As
Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure, it should not be construed as superior to or a substitute for Net income (loss) (as
determined in accordance with GAAP) for the purpose of analyzing our operating performance or financial position. 

A
reconciliation of our Adjusted EBITDA to Net loss is included in the table below: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net loss 
 (6,741,000 
 (15,609,000 
 
 Interest, net 
 1,339,000 
 252,000 
 
 Income tax provision 
 - 
 - 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 899,000 
 575,000 
 
 EBITDA 
 (4,503,000 
 (14,782,000 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 798,000 
 711,000 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (3,705,000 
 (14,071,000 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Overview 

As of June 30, 2023, we
had a cash balance of 2.4 million and an accumulated deficit of 88.6 million. For the year ended June 30, 2023, we had negative
cash from operations of 3.6 million. Historically our business has not generated sufficient cash to fund our operations. However,
based on our existing backlog and customer orders, we anticipate increased revenues, together with the planned improvements in our gross
margin, will move us closer to profitability. Our planned gross margin improvement tasks include, but are not limited to, a plan to drive
bill of material costs down while increasing price of our products for new orders. We have received new orders in Fiscal 2023, of approximately 59.9 million and believe through conversations with our customers that our anticipation of
continued increase of new orders is reasonable. 

30 

We believe that our existing cash, together with 4.0 million that currently
remains available under our 15.0 million revolving line of credit with Gibraltar Business Capital GBC Credit Facility ), and 4.0 million available under the subordinated line of credit Subordinated LOC as of September 8 , 2023, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated capital resources to fund planned operations for the next twelve
(12) months. See Future Liquidity Needs below. 

Cash
Flow Summary 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,574,000 
 (23,893,000 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,024,000 
 (797,000 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 6,492,000 
 20,462,000 
 
 Net change in cash 
 1,894,000 
 (4,228,000 

Operating
Activities 

Net cash used in operating activities was 3,574,000 for Fiscal 2023, compared
to net cash used in operating activities of 23,893,000 for Fiscal 2022. The primary usages of cash
for the Fiscal 2023 were the net loss of 6,741,000 and increases in inventory, office lease payable, customer deposits, and other assets,
that were partially offset by non-cash operating costs, and increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses. The primary usages of
cash for the Fiscal 2022 were the net loss of 15,609,000, increases in accounts receivable, inventory, and other assets, and decreases
in accounts payable, accrued expenses and office lease payable, that were partially offset by increases in customer deposits, deferred
revenue and non-cash operating costs. 

Investing
Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities for Fiscal 2023 was 1,024,000 and
consisted primarily of the costs of purchase of furniture and office equipment, warehouse equipment and other related costs. 

Net cash used in investing activities for Fiscal 2022 was 797,000 and
consisted primarily of the costs of purchases of furniture and office equipment, computer software, warehouse equipment and other related
costs. 

Financing
Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities was 6,492,000 for Fiscal 2023, which primarily consisted of 5,023,000
in net borrowings under the SVB Credit Facility, and 1,556,000 in net proceeds from sales of common stock under our
ATM offering. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 20,462,000 for Fiscal 2022, and primarily consisted of 13,971,000 in net proceeds from the
issuance of common stock in a registered offering completed in September 2021, 4,889,000 in net borrowings under the SVB Credit Facility,
and 1,602,000 in net proceeds from sales of common stock under our ATM Offering. 

Future
Liquidity Needs 

We
have evaluated our expected cash requirements over the next twelve (12) months, which include, but are not limited to, investments
in additional sales and marketing and research and development, capital expenditures, and working capital requirements. As of
September 8, 2023, we believe that our existing cash of 1.8 million, cash from our future operations, funding available under our
 15.0 million GBC Credit Facility, under which 4.0 million is currently available, funds available under our Subordinated LOC of up
to 4.0 million, along with the forecasted improvement in the gross margin will enable us to fund our planned operations for at
least the next twelve (12) months. As of September 8, 2023, 4.1 million remained available under our existing ATM Offering that
may be utilized subject to the volume of trading of our shares, the price of our stock, market conditions, and effectiveness of the
registration statement. In addition, to support our operations and anticipated growth, we intend to continue to explore alternatives
to secure additional capital from a variety of current and new sources including, but not limited to, sales of our equity
securities. We also continue to execute our cost reduction, sourcing, and pricing recovery initiatives in efforts to increase our
gross margin and improve cash flow from operations. 

31 

Although management believes that our existing cash and the additional
funding sources currently available to us under the lines of credit are sufficient to fund planned operations for the next twelve (12)
months, this is dependent our ability to successfully maintain and draw on our credit facilities. Our ability to draw funds from the GBC
Credit Facility are subject to certain restrictions and covenants. In addition, should there be any delays in the receipts of key component
parts, due in part to supply chain disruptions, our ability to fulfill the backlog of sales orders will be negatively impacted resulting
in lower availability of cash resources from operations. In that event, we may be required to raise additional funds by issuing equity
or convertible debt securities. If such funds are not available when required, management will be required to curtail investments in additional
sales and marketing and product development, which may have a material adverse effect on future cash flows and results of operations.
In addition, any unforeseen factors in the general economy beyond management s control could potentially have negative impact on
the planned gross margin improvement plan. 

In
the event we are required to obtain additional funds, there is no guarantee that additional funds will be available on a timely basis
or on acceptable terms. To the extent that we raise additional funds by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders
may experience additional dilution and such financing may involve restrictive covenants. 

ITEM
7A - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The
Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

ITEM
8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements required by this item begin on page F-1 with the index to financial statements followed by the financial statements. 

ITEM
9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None 

ITEM
9A - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
as of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Act of 1934. Our disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be included in our SEC reports is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, relating to the Company, including our consolidated
subsidiaries, and was made known to them by others within those entities, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared.
Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of June 30, 2023 because of the material weakness identified in our internal controls over financial reporting. 

32 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide
only reasonable assurances with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Additionally, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Under
the supervision of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and subsequent guidance prepared by the Commission
specifically for smaller public companies as of June 30, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30,2023 due to an identified material weakness as a
result of not having sufficient personnel resources with technical accounting expertise related to certain aspects of the financial reporting
process. Until such time as we could have additional resources with such level of technical accounting expertise, management intends
to implement measures designed to improve our internal control over financial reporting to remediate material weaknesses, including the
use of third-party consultants and accounting experts. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as such report is not required due to the
Company s status as a smaller reporting company. 

Change
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except as discussed above, there
have been no changes in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B - OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTION THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 

Not
Applicable. 

33 

PART
III 

ITEM
10 - DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors,
Executive Officers and Significant Employees 

The
following table and text set forth the names and ages of our current directors, executive officers and significant employees as of September
8, 2023. Our Board of Directors is comprised of only one class. All of the directors will serve until the next annual meeting
of stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified, or until their earlier death, retirement, resignation or removal.
There are no family relationships among any of the directors and executive officers. From time to time, our directors have received compensation
in the form of cash and equity grant for their services on the Board. 

Name

Age

Position 
 
 Ronald
 F. Dutt 
 
 76

Director,
 Chief Executive Officer and President 
 
 Charles
 A. Scheiwe 
 
 57

Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Jeffrey
 C. Mason (5) 
 
 52 
 
 Vice
 President of Operations 
 
 Michael
 Johnson 
 
 75

Director 
 
 Lisa
 Walters-Hoffert (1)(2) 
 
 65

Director 
 
 Dale
 T. Robinette (1)(3) 
 
 59

Director 
 
 Cheemin
 Bo-Linn (1)(4) 
 
 69

Director 

(1) 
 Independent Director 
 
 (2) 
 Chairperson of the Audit Committee, Member of the Compensation
 Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Lead Independent Director, Chairperson of the Compensation Committee,
 Member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 (4) 
 Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee, Member of the
 Audit Committee and the Compensation Committee. 
 
 (5) 
 On November 7, 2022, Mr. Mason s position was expanded to include additional Company authority and delegation. 

There
are no arrangements or understandings between our directors and executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any director
or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. 

Business
Experience 

Ronald
F. Dutt , Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director . Mr. Dutt has been our chief executive officer, former
interim chief financial officer and director since March 19, 2014. He became our chairman on June 28, 2019. On September 19, 2017, he
was also appointed as our president, chief financial officer and corporate secretary. He resigned as chief financial officer and corporate
secretary as of December 16, 2018. Previously, he was our chief financial officer since December 7, 2012, and our interim chief executive
officer since June 28, 2013. Mr. Dutt has served as the Company s interim corporate secretary since June 28, 2013. Prior to Flux
Power, Mr. Dutt provided chief financial officer and chief operating officer consulting services during 2008 through 2012. In this capacity
Mr. Dutt provided financial consulting, including strategic business modeling and managed operations. Prior to 2008, Mr. Dutt served
in several capacities as executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer for various public and private companies including
SOLA International, Directed Electronics, Fritz Companies, DHL Americas, Aptera Motors, Inc., and Visa International. Mr. Dutt holds
an MBA in Finance from University of Washington and an undergraduate degree in Chemistry from the University of North Carolina. Additionally,
Mr. Dutt served in the United States Navy and received an honorable discharge as a Lieutenant. 

Charles
A. Scheiwe, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Mr. Scheiwe joined the Company in July of 2018 and has been acting as the Company s
Controller since July 9, 2018. He was appointed as our chief financial officer and secretary on December 17, 2018. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Scheiwe was the controller of Senstay, Inc. and provided financial and accounting consulting services to start-up companies
from 2016 to 2018. From 2006 to 2016, Mr. Scheiwe was the vice president of finance and controller for GreatCall, Inc. Mr. Scheiwe s
experience in accounting, financial planning and analysis, business intelligence, cash management, and equity management has prepared
and qualified him for the position of chief financial officer and secretary of the Company. Mr. Scheiwe has a Bachelor of Science degree
in Business Management, with emphasis in Accounting, from the University of Colorado. Mr. Scheiwe also holds a CPA certificate. 

34 

Jeffrey C.
Mason, Vice President of Operations. Mr. Mason served
as the Director of Manufacturing of the Company from January 2021 to December 2021, and Vice President of Operations since December 2021.
On November 7, 2022, Mr. Mason s position was expanded to include additional Company authority and delegation. Prior to joining
the Company, Mr. Mason was the plant manager at NEO Tech from March 2017 to January 2021 after being promoted from Director of Operations
from December 2013 to March 2017. Mr. Mason has also worked for Sumitomo Electric Interconnect Products, Inc., Radio Design Labs, Inc.,
and Motorola Inc. during his career. Mr. Mason received his Master of Business Administration in International Business in 2015 and his
Bachelor of Business Administration/Management in 2013 from North Central University. Mr. Mason is also Total Productive Maintenance
(TPM) Instructor Certified by the Japan Institute of Plant Maintenance, Tokyo, Japan. 

Michael
Johnson, Director. Mr. Johnson has been our director since July 12, 2012. Mr. Johnson has been a director of Flux Power since it
was incorporated. Since 2002, Mr. Johnson has been a director and the chief executive officer of Esenjay Petroleum Corporation (Esenjay
Petroleum), a Delaware company located in Corpus Christi, Texas, which is engaged in the business oil exploration and production. Mr.
Johnson s primary responsibility at Esenjay Petroleum is to manage the business and company as chief executive officer. Mr. Johnson
is a director and beneficial owner of Esenjay Investments LLC, a Delaware limited liability company engaged in the business of investing
in companies, and an affiliate of the Company owning approximately 27.5 of our outstanding shares, including common stock underlying
options, and warrants that were exercisable or convertible or which would become exercisable or convertible within sixty (60) days. As
a result of Mr. Johnson s leadership and business experience, he is an industry expert in the natural gas exploration industry
and brings a wealth of management and successful company building experience to the board. Mr. Johnson received a Bachelor of Science
degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Southwestern Louisiana. 

Lisa
Walters-Hoffert, Director. Ms. Walters-Hoffert was appointed to our Board on June 28, 2019. Ms. Walters-Hoffert was a co-founder
of Dar Bioscience, Inc. and following the company s merger with Cerulean Pharma, Inc. in July of 2017, became Chief Financial
Officer of the surviving public company (NASDAQ: DARE). For over twenty-five (25) years, Ms. Walters-Hoffert was an investment banker
focused on small-cap public companies in the technology and life science sectors. From 2003 to 2015, Ms. Walters-Hoffert worked at Roth
Capital Partners as Managing Director in the Investment Banking Division. Ms. Walters-Hoffert has held various positions in the corporate
finance and investment banking divisions of Citicorp Securities in San Jos , Costa Rica and Oppenheimer Co, Inc. in New
York City, New York. Ms. Walters-Hoffert has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the San Diego Venture Group, as Past Chair
of the UCSD Librarian s Advisory Board, and as Past Chair of the Board of Directors of Planned Parenthood of the Pacific Southwest.
Ms. Walters-Hoffert currently serves as a member of the Board of Directors of The Elementary Institute of Science in San Diego. Ms. Walters-Hoffert
graduated magna cum laude from Duke University with a B.S. in Management Sciences. As a senior financial executive with over twenty-five
years of experience in investment banking and corporate finance and based on Ms. Walters-Hoffert s expertise in audit, compliance,
valuation, equity finance, mergers, and corporate strategy, the Company believes Ms. Walters-Hoffert is qualified to be on the Board. 

Dale
T. Robinette, Director . Mr. Robinette was appointed to our Board on June 28, 2019 and our lead independent director on September
10, 2021. Mr. Robinette has been a CEO Coach and Master Chair since 2013 as an independent contractor to Vistage Worldwide, Inc., an
executive coaching company. In addition, since 2013 Mr. Robinette has been providing business consulting related to top-line growth
and bottom-line improvement through his company EPIQ Development. From 2013 to 2019, Mr. Robinette was the Founder and CEO of EPIQ
Space, a marketing website for the satellite industry, a member-based community of suppliers promoting their offerings. Mr.
Robinette was with Peregrine Semiconductor, Inc., (known today as PSEMI, a division of Murata Manufacturing Co Ltd.), a manufacturer
of high-performance RF CMOS integrated circuits, from 2007 to 2013 in two roles as a Director of Worldwide Sales as well as the
Director of the High Reliability Business Unit. Mr. Robinette started his career from 1991 to 2007 at Tyco Electronics Ltd. (known
today as TE Connectivity Ltd.), a passive electronics manufacturer, in various sales, sales leadership and product development
leadership roles. Mr. Robinette received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration, Marketing from San Diego State
University. Based on the above qualifications, the Company believes Mr. Robinette is qualified to be on the Board. 

35 

Cheemin
Bo-Linn, Director. Dr. Bo-Linn was appointed to the Board of Directors on January 14, 2022. She was the CEO of Peritus Partners,
a global valuation accelerator and information technology operations and consulting company from 2013 through 1Q2023. Her Board of
Director experience spans Canada, the United States, and Australia, with Board leadership positions from Lead Independent Director
to Committee Chair of every major committee (Audit, Compensation, Nomination/Governance) and Chair of Technology, Cybersecurity, and
Sustainability, across eight prior public companies and multiple privates. She held various executive and President roles in
multiple companies including Vice-President of IBM Corporation. Her C-suite and Board roles include the lithium, ecommerce,
manufacturing and distribution, technology, healthcare, construction, software, and marketing sectors. Bo-Linn was named The
Financial Times 2021 Top 100 Diverse Directors , NACD s (National Association of Corporate Directors Top 50 Directors, and inducted into the Hall of Fame for Women in Technology. Thru 2019, she was
Visiting Professor on digital tech (AI, data analytics, cybersecurity) and marketing at the joint Columbia University, London School
of Business and University of Hong Kong EMBA/MBA program. She has been invited to speak at the United Nations, Dow Jones, and
British Chamber. She earned her Doctorate Degree (EdD) in Computer based Information Systems and Organizational Change from the
University of Houston. The Board believes that Dr. Bo-Linn s extensive senior executive management and board experience in
private and public companies qualifies her to serve on the Board of Directors. 

 Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, during the past ten years, none of our directors or executive officers were involved in any of the following:
(1) any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (2) any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a
pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (3) being subject to any order, judgment, or decree,
not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring,
suspending or otherwise limiting his or her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; and (4) being found
by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission
to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board of Directors Board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to evaluate and determine its optimal leadership
structure to provide independent oversight of management. Our Board is currently led by a Chairman of the Board who also serves as our
Chief Executive Officer. The Board understands that the right Board leadership structure may vary depending on the circumstances, and
our independent directors periodically assess these roles and the Board leadership to ensure the leadership structure best serves the
interests of the Company and stockholders. 

On
September 10, 2021, the Board adopted the Lead Independent Director Guidelines Guidelines.). The Guidelines provide that when
the positions of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board are combined or the Chairman is not an independent director, the independent
directors will appoint a lead independent director to serve with the authority and responsibility described in such Guidelines, and as
the Board and/or the independent directors may determine from time to time. The Guidelines are available on our website at www.fluxpower.com. 

Mr.
Dutt currently holds the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles. Mr. Robinette currently serves as the Lead Independent Director
elected by the majority of the Board on September 10, 2021. 

The
responsibilities of the Lead Independent Director include, among others: (i) serving as primary intermediary between non-employee directors
and management; (ii) working with the Chairman of the Board to approve the agenda and meeting schedules for the Board; (iii) working
with the Chairman of the Board as to the quality, quantity and timeliness of the information provided to directors; (iv) in consultation
with the Nominating and Governance Committee, reviewing and reporting on the results of the Board and Committee performance self-evaluations;
(v) calling additional meetings of independent directors; and (vi) serving as liaison for consultation and communication with stockholders. 

36 

We
believe the current leadership structure, with combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles and a Lead Independent Director, best
serves the Company and its stockholders at this time. Mr. Robinette possesses understanding and knowledge of the business and affairs
of the Company and has the ability to devote a substantial amount of time to serve in this capacity. In addition, we believe having one
leader serving as both the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer provides decisive, consistent and effective leadership, as well as clear
accountability to our stockholders and customers. This enhances our ability to communicate our message and strategy clearly and consistently
to our stockholders, employees, customers and suppliers. The Board believes the appointment of a strong Lead Independent Director and
the use of regular executive sessions of the non-management directors, along with a majority the Board being composed of independent
directors, allow it to maintain effective oversight of management. We believe that the combination of the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer roles is appropriate in the current circumstances and, based on the relevant facts and circumstances, separation of these offices
would not serve our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders at this time. 

In
addition, our Board as a whole has responsibility for risk oversight. Our Board exercises this risk oversight responsibility directly
and through its committees. The risk oversight responsibility of our Board and its committees is informed by reports from our management
teams to provide visibility to our Board about the identification, assessment and management of key risks, and our management s
risk mitigation strategies. Our Board has primary responsibility for evaluating strategic and operational risk, including related to
significant transactions. Our audit committee has primary responsibility for overseeing our major financial and accounting risk exposures,
and, among other things, discusses guidelines and policies with respect to assessing and managing risk with management and our independent
auditor. Our compensation committee has responsibility for evaluating risks arising from our compensation and people policies and practices.
Our nominating and corporate governance committee has responsibility for evaluating risks relating to our corporate governance practices.
Our committees and management provide reports to our Board on these matters. 

In
its governance role, and particularly in exercising its duty of care and diligence, our Board is responsible for ensuring that appropriate
risk management policies and procedures are in place to protect the Company s assets and business. Our Board has broad and ultimate
oversight responsibility for our risk management processes and programs and executive management is responsible for the day-to-day evaluation
and management of risks to the Company. 

Board
of Directors Diversity 

Our
Board of Directors is committed to fostering a diversity of backgrounds and perspectives so that our Board of Directors positions our
company for the future. The members of our Board of Directors represent a mix of ages, genders, races, ethnicities, geographies, cultures,
and other perspectives that we believe expand our Board of Directors understanding of the needs and viewpoints of our partners,
employees, stockholders, and other stakeholders. The matrix below provides certain information regarding the composition of our Board
of Directors as of the date of this report. Each of the categories listed in the below table has the meaning as it is used in Nasdaq
Stock Market Rule 5605(f). 

Board
Diversity Matrix (as of September 8, 2023) 

Total
 Number of Directors 

5 

Female 
 
 Male 

Part
 I: Gender Identity 

Directors 
 
 2 
 
 3 

Part
 II: Demographic Background 

Asian 
 
 1 
 
 0 

White 
 
 1 
 
 3 

LGBTQ+ 
 
 1 

37 

Board
Composition, Committees and Independence 

Under
the rules of NASDAQ, independent directors must make up a majority of a listed company s Board of Directors. In addition,
applicable NASDAQ rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit and compensation
committees be independent within the meaning of the applicable NASDAQ rules. Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence
criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Our
Board has undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether any director has a material relationship with
us that could compromise the director s ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As
a result of this review, our Board determined that Ms. Walters-Hoffert, Ms. Bo-Linn and Mr. Robinette are independent directors as defined
in the listing standards of NASDAQ and SEC rules and regulations. A majority of our directors are independent, as required under applicable
NASDAQ rules. As required under applicable NASDAQ rules, our independent directors will meet in regularly scheduled executive sessions
at which only independent directors are present. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has established an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Governance Committee. The composition and responsibilities
of each of the committees is described below. 

Audit
Committee 

The Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors currently consists of three independent directors of which at least one, the Chairperson of the Audit Committee,
qualifies as a qualified financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Ms. Walters-Hoffert is the Chairperson
of the Audit Committee and financial expert. Dr. Bo-Linn and Mr. Robinette are the other directors who are members of the Audit Committee.
The Audit Committee s duties are to recommend to our Board of Directors the engagement of the independent registered public accounting
firm to audit our consolidated financial statements and to review our accounting and auditing principles. The Audit Committee reviews
the scope, timing and fees for the annual audit and the results of audit examinations performed by any internal auditors and independent
public accountants, including their recommendations to improve the system of accounting and internal controls. The Audit Committee will
at all times be composed exclusively of directors who are, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, free from any relationship that
would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment as a committee member and who possess an understanding of consolidated financial
statements and generally accepted accounting principles. Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter, which is available on
our website at www.fluxpower.com . 

Compensation
Committee 

The Compensation Committee
currently consists of three independent directors. The Compensation Committee establishes our executive compensation policy, determines
the salary and bonuses of our executive officers and recommends to the Board stock option grants or other incentive equity awards for
our executive officers. Mr. Robinette is the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee, and Ms. Walters-Hoffert and Dr. Bo-Linn are members
of the Compensation Committee. Each of the members of our Compensation Committee are independent under NASDAQ s independence standards
for compensation committee members. Our chief executive officer often makes recommendations to the Compensation Committee and the Board
concerning compensation of other executive officers. The Compensation Committee seeks input on certain compensation policies from the
chief executive officer. Our Compensation Committee operates under a written charter, which is available on our website at www.fluxpower.com . 

Nominating
and Governance Committee 

The Nominating and Governance Committee currently consists of three independent directors. The Nominating and Governance
Committee is responsible for matters relating to the corporate governance of our Company and the nomination of members of the Board and
committees of the Board. Dr. Bo-Linn is the Chairperson of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Ms. Walters-Hoffert and Mr. Robinette
are members of the Nominating and Governance Committee. Each of the members of our Nominating and Governance Committee is independent
under NASDAQ s independence standards. The Nominating and Governance Committee operates under a written charter, which is available
on our website at www.fluxpower.com . 

38 

We
seek directors with established strong professional reputations and experience in areas relevant to the strategy and operations of our
business. We seek directors who possess the qualities of integrity and candor, who have strong analytical skills and who are willing
to engage management and each other in a constructive and collaborative fashion. We also seek directors who have the ability and commitment
to devote significant time and energy to serve on the Board and its committees. We believe that all of our directors meet the foregoing
qualifications. We do not have a formal policy with respect to diversity. 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our
Board has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the Code that applies to all of our directors, officers, and
employees. Any waivers of any provision of this Code for our directors or officers may be granted only by the Board or a committee appointed
by the Board. Any waivers of any provisions of this Code for an employee or a representative may be granted only by our chief executive
officer or principal accounting officer. We have filed a copy of the Code with the SEC and have made it available on our website at https://www.fluxpower.com/corporate-governance.
In addition, we will provide any person, without charge, a copy of this Code. Requests for a copy of the Code may be made by writing
to the Company at is c/o Flux Power Holdings, Inc., 2685 S. Melrose Drive, Vista, California 92081. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

We
executed a standard form of indemnification agreement Indemnification Agreement with each of our Board members and executive
officers (each, an Indemnitee ). 

Pursuant
to and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth in the Indemnification Agreement, we agreed to indemnify each Indemnitee,
against any and all expenses incurred in connection with the Indemnitee s service as our officer, director and or agent, or is
or was serving at our request as a director, officer, employee, agent or advisor of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, limited liability company, or other entity or enterprise but only if the Indemnitee acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to our best interest, and in the case of a criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe that
his conduct was unlawful. In addition, the indemnification provided in the indemnification agreement is applicable whether or not negligence
or gross negligence of the Indemnitee is alleged or proven. Additionally, the Indemnification Agreement establishes processes and procedures
for indemnification claims, advancement of expenses and costs and contribution obligations. 

Delinquent Section 16(a)
Reports 

Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a
registered class of our equity securities, to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in
ownership and Annual Reports concerning their ownership, of Common Stock and other of our equity securities on Forms 3, 4, and 5,
respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based solely on our review of Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments thereto filed
electronically with the SEC during the most recent fiscal year, we believe that all reports required by Section 16(a) for
transactions in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, were timely filed except for one late filing of a Form 4 by Michael Johnson relating to a sale of 4,000 shares of common stock pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan previously
adopted by Esenjay Investments, LLC on June 13,
2023, which was inadvertently filed one day late on June 16, 2023. 

39 

ITEM
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
for our Named Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth information concerning all forms of compensation earned by our named executive officers during Fiscal 2023
and Fiscal 2022 for services provided to the Company and its subsidiary. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards (1) ) 
 Option Awards (2) ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Ronald F. Dutt, Chief Executive 
 2023 
 290,962 
 146,273
 
 230,542 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 667,777 
 
 Officer, President, and Chairman 
 2022 
 275,000 
 55,055 
 138,702 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 468,757 

Charles A. Scheiwe 
 2023 
 205,989 
 53,613 
 120,419 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 380,021

Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary 
 2022 
 205,200 
 28,757 
 72,450 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 306,407 

Jeffrey C. Mason (3) 
 2023 
 204,346 
 40,176
 
 100,602 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 345,124

Vice President of Operations 
 2022 
 200,000 
 20,020 
 44,160 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 264,180 

(1) 
 Represent
 the fair value of the RSUs granted on grant date. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 grant date fair value was determined in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC Topic No. 718 using the Black-Scholes valuation
 model with assumptions described in more detail in the notes to our audited financial statements included in this report. 
 
 (3) 
 On November 7, 2022, Mr. Mason s position was expanded to include additional Company authority and delegation. 

Benefit
Plans 

We
do not have any profit-sharing plan or similar plans for the benefit of our officers, directors or employees. However, we may establish
such plan in the future. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

In
connection with the reverse acquisition of Flux Power, Inc. in 2012, we assumed the 2010 Plan. As of June 30, 2023, the number of options
outstanding to purchase common stock under the 2010 Plan was 21,944. No additional options to purchase common stock may be granted under
the 2010 Plan. 

On
February 17, 2015, our shareholders approved our 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), which was amended on July 23,
2018 and on November 5, 2020. The 2014 Plan authorizes the issuance of awards for up to 1,000,000 shares of our common stock in the form
of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and
unrestricted stock awards to officers, directors and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or its affiliates. We
granted 0 and 175,265 stock options under the 2014 Plan during Fiscal 2022 and 2023, respectively. We granted 72,566 and 250,786 restricted
stock units under the 2014 Plan during Fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On
April 29, 2021, at the Company s annual stockholders meeting, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan was
approved by our stockholders. The 2021 Plan authorizes the issuance of awards for up to 2,000,000 shares of our common stock in the form
of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and
unrestricted stock awards to officers, directors and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or its affiliates. No
awards were granted under the 2021 Plan during Fiscal 2022. We granted 449,176 stock options under the 2021 Plan during Fiscal 2023. 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had 398,922 options outstanding and exercisable under the 2021 Plan, the 2014 Plan and the 2010 Plan. In addition,
as of June 30, 2023, we had 193,749 RSUs outstanding under the 2014 Plan. 

40 

The
following table sets forth certain information concerning unexercised options, stock that has not vested, and equity compensation plan
awards outstanding as of June 30, 2023 for the named executive officers below: 

Option Awards (1) 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 Award Grant Date 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Uexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested 
 Equity Incentive Plan: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Ronald Dutt 
 10/31/2022 
 80,175 
 - 
 - 
 3.43 
 10/31/2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

3/15/2019 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 13.60 
 3/15/2029 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

7/25/2018 
 33,527 
 - 
 - 
 19.80 
 7/25/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

6/29/2018 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 14.40 
 6/29/2028 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

10/26/2017 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 4.60 
 10/26/2027 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

12/22/2015 
 19,000 
 - 
 - 
 5.00 
 12/22/2025 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

7/30/2013 
 17,500 
 - 
 - 
 10.00 
 7/29/2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

11/12/2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11/11/2030 
 6,607 
 58,670 
 6,607 
 58,670 

11/12/2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11/11/2030 
 13,214 
 117,340 
 13,214 
 117,340 

10/29/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10/29/2031 
 8,041 
 46,236 
 8,041 
 46,236 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 10/31/2022 
 41,878 
 - 
 - 
 3.43 
 10/31/2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

3/15/2019 
 30,000 
 - 
 - 
 13.60 
 3/15/2029 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

11/12/2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11/11/2030 
 3,515 
 31,213 
 3,515 
 31,213 

11/12/2020 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11/11/2030 
 7,030 
 62,426 
 7,030 
 62,426 

10/29/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10/29/2031 
 4,200 
 24,150 
 6,300 
 24,150 
 
 Jeffrey C. Mason 
 10/31/2022 
 34,986 
 - 
 - 
 3.43 
 10/31/2032 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

10/29/2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10/29/2031 
 2,560 
 14,720 
 2,560 
 14,720 

(1) 
 The
 fair value of each option grant is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility
 is calculated based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
 yield for a term equal to the expected life of the options at the time of grant. The fair value of each restricted stock unit is
 the fair value of the Company s common stock on the grant date. 
 
 (2) 
 On
 November 7, 2022, Mr. Mason s position was expanded to include additional Company authority and delegation. 

41 

Aggregated
Option/Stock Appreciation Right SAR exercised and Fiscal year-end Option/SAR value table 

Neither
our executive officers nor the other individuals listed in the tables above, exercised options or SARs during Fiscal 2023. 

2023
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2023 ESPP 

The
2023 ESPP was approved by the Board on March 6, 2023 and approved by the Company s stockholders on April 20, 2023. The 2023 ESPP
enables eligible employees of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries (a Participating Subsidiary to use payroll deductions
to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock and acquire an ownership interest in the Company. The maximum aggregate number
of shares of the Company s Common Stock that have been reserved as authorized for the grant of options under the 2023 ESPP is 350,000
shares, subject to adjustment as provided for in the 2023 ESPP. Participation in the 2023 ESPP is voluntary and is limited to eligible
employees (as such term is defined in the 2023 ESPP) of the Company or a Participating Subsidiary who (i) has been employed by the Company
or a Participating Subsidiary for at least 90 days and (ii) is customarily employed for at least twenty (20) hours per week and more
than five (5) months in any calendar year. Each eligible employee may authorize payroll deductions of 1-15 of the eligible employee s
compensation on each pay day to be used to purchase up to 1,500 shares of Common Stock for the employee s account occurring during
an offering period. The 2023 ESPP has a term of ten (10) years commencing on April 20, 2023, the date of approval by the Company s
stockholders, unless otherwise earlier terminated. 

There
was no stock purchased under the 2023 ESPP during Fiscal 2023. 

Employment
Agreements with Executive Officers 

On
February 12, 2021, we entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with the Company s president and chief executive
officer, Ronald F. Dutt (the Dutt Employment Agreement ), which amends and restates the Employment Agreement effective December
11, 2012, as amended (the Prior Agreement ). In addition to the inclusion of terms relating to change in control, termination,
severance, benefits and the acceleration of vesting of options and restricted stock units upon certain events, the Dutt Employment Agreement
memorialized Mr. Dutt s continued services as the president and chief executive officer of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
Flux Power, Inc. Flux Power ), and the terms pursuant to which he would provide such services. Pursuant to the terms of
the Dutt Employment Agreement, Mr. Dutt s current annual base salary is 300,000. 

On
February 12, 2021, we entered into an Employment Agreement with the Company s chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary,
Charles A. Scheiwe (the Scheiwe Employment Agreement ). In addition to the inclusion of terms relating to change in control,
termination, severance, benefits and the acceleration of vesting of options and restricted stock units upon certain events, the Employment
Agreement memorialized Mr. Scheiwe s continued services as the chief financial officer and secretary of the Company, and as chief
financial officer/treasurer and secretary of Flux Power. Pursuant to the terms of the Scheiwe Employment Agreement, Mr. Scheiwe s
current annual base salary is 205,200. 

42 

Under
their respective employment agreement, Messrs. Dutt and Scheiwe, among other things, are (i) eligible for annual target cash bonus and
awards of restricted stock units or other equity-based incentive compensation consistent with his position as determined by the Board
of Directors (the Board and the Compensation Committee; (ii) entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses
incurred in performing services; and (iii) entitled to certain severance and change of control benefits contingent upon such employee s
agreement to a general release of claims in favor of the Company following termination of employment. Messrs. Dutt and Scheiwe and are
also eligible to participate in all customary employee benefit plans or programs generally made available to the senior executive officers.
Messrs. Dutt and Scheiwe have each agreed to observe the terms of a standard confidentiality and non-compete agreement for a restricted
period of two (2) years. Each of Messrs. Dutt and Scheiwe employment is at-will and may be terminated at any time for any
reason. 

Separation
Agreement 

On
August 12, 2022, Jonathan Berry, the Company s Chief Operating Officer, separated from the Company and entered into an Employee
Separation and Release dated August 24, 2022 Separation Agreement ). Under the Separation Agreement, the Company agreed
to provide Mr. Berry with certain payments and benefits comprising of: (i) a separation payment of two hundred five thousand two hundred
dollars, less required withholdings, (ii) twenty-eight thousand nine hundred seven and 52/100 dollars, less require holdings, to defray
costs for COBRA coverage, and (iii) reimbursement for an amount equal to twelve months for life insurance continuation (collectively,
the Separation Benefits ). In exchange for the Separation Benefits, among other things as set forth in the Separation Agreement,
Mr. Berry agreed to a release of claims and waivers in favor of the Company and to certain restrictive covenant obligations, and also
reaffirmed his commitment to comply with his existing restrictive covenant obligations. 

Annual
Bonus Plan 

On
November 5, 2020, the Board approved an annual cash bonus plan (the Annual Bonus Plan which allows the Compensation Committee
and/or the Board of the Company to set the amount of bonus each fiscal year and the performance criteria. Executive officers and all
employees (other than part-time employees and temporary employees) are eligible to participate in the Annual Bonus Plan Participants as long as the Participant remains an active regular employee of the Company. The Annual Bonus Plan was effective for Fiscal 2021 and
is effective each fiscal year thereafter (the Plan Year ). For each Plan Year, the Compensation Committee establishes an
aggregate amount of allocable Bonus under the Annual Bonus Plan and determines the performance goals applicable to a bonus during a Plan
Year (the Participation Criteria ). The Participation Criteria may differ from Participant to Participant and from bonus
to bonus. The Participation Criteria for each Plan Year is based on the Company achieving certain performance targets based on annual
revenue, gross margin, operating expense and new business development. All of the Company s executive officers are eligible to
participate in the Annual Bonus Plan. 

Fiscal
2022 

For
the Company s fiscal year ending on June 30, 2022, or Fiscal 2022, the performance goals applicable to a bonus are based on the
Company achieving certain targets based on the Company s annual revenue, gross margin, EBITDAS (earnings before interest expense
(excluding interest income), taxes, depreciation, amortization and stock compensation expense in accordance with U.S. GAAP), new strategic
customers, demonstrated direct cost reduction and working capital and inventory turnover (the Financial Targets and additional
bonus amounts if the Company s financial results exceeds certain thresholds of the Financial Targets. 

43 

On
October 29, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved target cash bonuses under the Annual Cash Bonus Plan for Fiscal 2022 to the following
executive officers, which target bonus was calculated based on percentage of the executive s current base salary: 

Name 
 Position 
 Current 
 Base 
 Salary 
 Percentage 
 of Salary 
 Target Cash Bonus TCB 
 Maximum Payout(1) 
 
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 275,000 
 50 
 137,500 
 165,000 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 205,200 
 35 
 71,820 
 86,184 
 
 Jeffery C. Mason 
 Vice President of Operations 
 200,000 
 25 
 50,000 
 60,000 

(1) 
 There
 are no bonus caps for achieving above set revenue target and gross margin target. If actual results exceed 100 of revenue target
 and/or gross margin target, every 1 of revenue target and/or gross margin target would result in an increase in bonus equal to 0.2 
 of the TCB for such executive officers. 

On
October 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee and the Board approved the following cash bonuses to the following executive officers, whereby
the final cash bonus payout was determined based on a payout percentage of the executive s previous target cash bonus for fiscal
year 2022: 

Name 
 Position 
 Target 
 Cash 
 Bonus 
 Payout 
 Percentage 
 Cash Bonus 
 Payout 
 
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 137,500 
 40 
 55,055.00 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 71,820 
 40 
 28,756.73 
 
 Jeffery C. Mason 
 Vice President of Operations 
 50,000 
 40 
 20,020 

Fiscal
2023 

On
October 31, 2022, the Compensation Committee also approved the bonus pool and performance criteria for the Annual Bonus Plan for the
fiscal year 2023 (the 2023 Bonus ). For the Company s fiscal year 2023, the performance goals applicable to a bonus
are based on the Company achieving certain targets based on the Company s annual revenue, Adjusted EBITDA (earnings before interest,
income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and stock-based compensation), functional goals (the Financial Targets ), in addition
to individual performance objectives and additional bonus amounts if the Company s financial results exceeds certain thresholds
of the Financial Targets. 

The
Compensation Committee approved the target cash bonuses under the 2023 Bonus based on the base salary for fiscal year 2023 for the following
executive officers: 

Name 
 Position 
 Base Salary 
 Bonus 
 Percentage of 
 Base Salary 
 Total 
 Target 
 Payout 
 Maximum 
 Payout (1) 
 
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 300,000 (2) 
 75 
 225,000 
 270,000 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 205,200 
 35 
 71,820 
 86,184 
 
 Jeffery C. Mason 
 Vice President of Operations 
 206,000 
 30 
 61,800 
 74,160 

(1) Subject
to a bonus cap for achieving above set revenue target and a payout cap for achieving 10 positive Adjusted EBITDA. 

(2) To
be effective during the second fiscal quarter of 2023. 

Amendment
to 2014 Plan 

On
November 5, 2020, the Board approved an amendment to the 2014 Plan as amended to include the right to grant Restricted Stock Units RSUs ).
All of the Company s executive officers are eligible to participate in the 2014 Plan. 

Restricted
Stock Unit Grants 

Fiscal
2023 Grants 

We
did not grant any Restricted Stock Units RSUs to any of our executive officers in Fiscal 2023. 

44 

Fiscal
2022 Grants 

On
October 29, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the grant of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under the Company s
2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan to certain employees of the Company or its subsidiary, Flux Power, Inc. The
RSUs are subject to the terms and conditions provided in (i) the form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement which is time based Time
Based Awards ), and (ii) the form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement which is performance based Performance
Based Awards ). The following named executive officers of the Company were granted RSUs under the 2014 Plan in the amounts and
according to the vesting schedule indicated below: 

Time
Based Awards: 

Name 
 Position 
 No. of RSUs 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 12,061 
 Vest annually over 3 years with the first vest date on October 27, 2022 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 6,300 
 Vest annually over 3 years with the first vest date on October 27, 2022 
 
 Jeffrey C. Mason 
 Vice President of Operations 
 3,840 
 Vest annually over 3 years with the first vest date on October 27, 2022 

Performance
Based Awards: 

Name 
 Position 
 No. of RSUs Maximum Grant 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 18,092 
 Three years from grant upon meeting performance target 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 9,450 
 Three years from grant upon meeting performance target 
 
 Jeffrey C. Mason 
 Vice President of Operations 
 5,760 
 Three years from grant upon meeting performance target 

The performance target for the RSU to be based on EBITDAS (earnings before interest expense (excluding interest income), taxes, depreciation,
amortization and stock compensation expense in accordance with U.S. GAAP) for the second half of the Company s fiscal year ending
June 30, 2022. 

Stock
Option Grants 

Fiscal
2023 Grants 

On
October 31, 2022 (the Grant Date ), the Compensation Committee approved the grant of incentive stock options (the Options under the Company s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan and the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan
(the 2021 Plan to certain employees of the Company or its subsidiary, Flux Power, Inc. The Options are subject to the
terms and conditions provided in the form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2014 Plan (the 2014 Option Agreement or the form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2021 Plan (the 2021 Option Agreement ). The following named executive
officers of the Company were granted Stock Options under the 2021 Plan in such number and vesting schedule set forth as follows: 

Name 
 Position 
 Options 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 80,175 
 Four (4) equal annual installments commencing one year after the Grant Date 
 
 Charles Scheiwe 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 41,878 
 Four (4) equal annual installments commencing one year after the Grant Date 
 
 Jeffrey C. Mason 
 Vice President of Operations 
 34,986 
 Four (4) equal annual installments commencing one year after the Grant Date 

Subject to 100,000 ISO limitation under the 2021 Plan. 

45 

Incentive
Plans 

Management,
the Committee and the Board will continue to explore and evaluate different long-term and short-term incentives to help attract, retain
and motivate our employees to align their interest to our business and financial success through the use of equity award and cash bonuses. 

Compensation
of Non-Executive Directors 

On
January 14, 2022, pursuant to the recommendation and advice of the Compensation Committee of the Board of the Company, the Board approved
the following annual compensation package for non-executive directors of the Company for calendar year 2022, as follows: 

Name 
 Independent Non-Executive 
 Director 
 Position 
 Base 
 Retainer (cash) 
 Chair Fee (cash) 
 Lead Independent Director cash) 

Lisa Walters-Hoffert 
 X 
 Audit Chair 
 50,000 
 7,500 
 - 
 
 Dale Robinette 
 X 
 Compensation Chair 
 50,000 
 5,000 
 20,000 
 
 John A. Cosentino Jr .(1) 
 X 
 Governance Chair 
 50,000 
 5,000 (1) 
 - 
 
 Cheemin Bo-Linn (2) 
 X 
 Board Member 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael Johnson 
 
 Board Member 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 

(1)
 Mr. Cosentino resigned as our director on March 1, 2022. As appreciation for Mr. Cosentino s board services, the Board approved
to (i) accelerate the vesting of the following securities the Board granted in connection with his board services: 435 unvested options
and 4,578 restricted stock awards, and (iii) pay his board fees for 3 rd quarter of Fiscal 2022. 

(2)
 Dr. Bo-Linn was appointed as Chairperson of the Governance Committee on March 3, 2022. For Dr. Bo-Linn s services as Chairperson,
she is entitled to a Chair Fee of 5,000 for calendar year 2022. 

There
was no change to the cash compensation package for non-executive director of the Company during Fiscal 2023. 

On
March 8, 2023, pursuant to the recommendation and advice of the Compensation Committee of the Board of the Company, the Board approved
the following annual compensation package for non-executive directors of the Company for fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, as follows: 

Name 
 Independent Non-Executive Director 
 Position 
 Base
Retainer (cash) 
 Chair
Fee (cash) 
 Committee
Member Fee (1) (cash) 
 Lead Independent
Director cash) 

Lisa Walters-Hoffert 
 X 
 Audit Chair 
 50,000 
 7,500 
 5,000 
 - 
 
 Dale Robinette 
 X 
 Compensation Chair 
 50,000 
 5,000 
 6,250 
 20,000 
 
 Cheemin Bo-Linn (2) 
 X 
 Board Member 
 50,000 
 5,000 
 6,250 
 - 
 
 Michael Johnson 
 
 Board Member 
 50,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1)
Committee Member Fees: 3,750 for non-chair committee members of the Audit Committee, and 2,500 for non-chair committee members of
the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee. 

Equity
Component of Non-Executive Director Compensation 

In
addition, our directors are eligible to receive an annual equity grant of RSUs. Pursuant to grants approved by our Board at the recommendation
of the Compensation Committee in April 2022 and 2023, our non-executive directors were granted RSUs under the 2014 Plan. The number of
RSUs granted to each non-executive director was equal to the amount of 50,000 divided by the fair market value of the RSUs, with all
RSUs subject to vesting restrictions. The fair market value of the RSUs was determined by applying a 10-day volume weighted average stock
price prior to the grant issuance date. 

46 

In
April 2022, each of our non-executive directors were granted 17,793 RSUs which are subject to fully vest on April 28, 2023. In addition,
in August 2022, as compensation for board services provided during the last quarter of Fiscal 2022, Ms. Bo-Linn was granted 5,034 RSUs,
of which 1/3 vested immediately, each of the remaining 1/3 of the RSUs will vest on April 29, 2023, and April 29, 2024. Ms. Bo-Linn s
s grant was consistent with the standard equity component of Non-Executive Director Compensation Package as approved by the Board. In
April 2023, each of our non-executive directors were granted 16,883 RSUs which are subject to fully vest on April 20, 2024. 

Director
Compensation Table 

Below
is summary of compensation accrued or paid to our non-executive directors during Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022. Mr. Dutt, our chief executive
officer and president, received no compensation for his service as a director and is not included in the table. The compensation Mr.
Dutt receives as an employee of the Company is included in the section titled Executive Compensation. 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards (2) ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Lisa Walters-Hoffert 
 2023 
 57,500 
 50,000 
 - 
 107,500 

2022 
 57,500 
 50,000 
 - 
 107,500 

Dale Robinette 
 2023 
 75,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 125,000 

2022 
 65,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 115,000 

John A. Cosentino Jr. (1) 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2022 
 41,250 
 - 
 - 
 41,250 

Michael Johnson 
 2023 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 100,000 

2022 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 100,000 

Cheemin Bo-Linn (3) 
 2023 
 55,000 
 50,000 
 - 
 105,000 

2022 
 26,667 
 50,000 
 
 76,667 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Cosentino resigned as our director on March 1, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Represent
 the fair value of the RSUs granted using the volume weighted average price of the ten days of trading prior to grant date. 
 
 (3) 
 Ms.
 Bo-Linn joined our board of directors on January 14, 2022. 

47 

The
following table shows the aggregate number of vested stock options held by our non-employee directors as of June 30, 2023 and June 30,
2022: 

Name 
 Year 
 Vested Stock Options 

Lisa Walters-Hoffert 
 2023 
 3,948 

2022 
 3,948 

Dale Robinette 
 2023 
 3,948 

2022 
 3,948 

Cheemin Bo-Linn (1) 
 2023 
 - 

2022 
 - 

Michael Johnson 
 2023 
 12,948 

2022 
 12,948 

John A. Cosentino Jr. (2) 
 2023 
 - 

2022 
 - 

(1) 
 Ms.
 Bo-Linn joined our board of director on January 14, 2022. 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Cosentino resigned as our director on March 1, 2022. 

ITEM
12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

BENEFICIAL
OWNERSHIP 

Security
Ownership of Principal Stockholders and Management 

As
used in this section, the term beneficial ownership with respect to a security is defined by Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, as consisting
of sole or shared voting power (including the power to vote or direct the vote) and/or sole or shared investment power (including the
power to dispose of or direct the disposition of) with respect to the security through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship
or otherwise, subject to community property laws where applicable. As of September 8, 2023, we had a total of 16,478,238 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding. 

The
following table sets forth, as of September 8, 2023, information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock held
by our directors, our named executive officers, our directors and executive officers as a group, and each person known by us to be a
beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding common stock. Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of
each of our directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than five percent (5 of our outstanding common stock is c/o
Flux Power Holdings, Inc., 2685 S. Melrose Drive, Vista, California 92081. Each person has sole voting and investment power with respect
to the shares of our common stock, except as otherwise indicated. Beneficial ownership consists of a direct interest in the shares of
common stock, except as otherwise indicated. 

48 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Ownership 
 
 Officers and Directors 

Michael Johnson, Director 
 4,403,008 (2) 
 26.7 
 
 Ronald Dutt, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director 
 246,185 (3) 
 1.5 
 
 Charles A Scheiwe, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 45,733 (4) 

Jeffrey C. Mason, Vice President of Operations 
 2,656 (5) 

Cheemin Bo-Linn, Director 
 22,618 (6) 

Lisa Walters-Hoffert, Director 
 25,793 (7) 

Dale Robinette, Director 
 24,793 (8) 

All Officers and Directors as a group (7 people) 
 4,770,786 
 28.5 

5 Stockholders 

Esenjay Investments LLC 
 4,369,215 (2) 
 26.5 
 
 Cleveland Capital Management L.L.C. 
 1250 Linda Street, Suite 304 
 Rocky River, OH 44116 
 945,214 (9) 
 5.7 
 
 Formindable Asset Management, LLC 
 221 E Fourth Street, Suite 2700 
 Cincinnati OH 45202 
 1,598,228 (10) 
 9.7 

Represents less than 1 of shares outstanding. 

(1)
 
 All
 addresses above are 2685 S. Melrose Drive, Vista, California 92081, unless otherwise stated. 
 
 (2)
 
 Includes
 (i) 20,845 shares of common stock held by Mr. Johnson and 4,369,215 shares of common stock held by Esenjay Investments LLC, of which
 Mr. Johnson is the sole director and beneficial owner, and (ii) 12,948 shares of common stock issuable to Mr. Johnson upon exercise
 of stock options. 
 
 (3)
 
 Includes
 33,030 shares of common stock and 213,155 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and settlement of vested
 RSUs. 
 
 (4)
 
 Includes
 10,118 shares of common stock and 35,615 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and settlement of vested
 RSUs. 
 
 (5)
 
 Includes
 1,376 shares of common stock and 1,280 shares of common stock issuable upon settlement of vested RSUs. 
 
 (6) 
 Includes
 22,618 shares of common stock. 
 
 (7)
 
 Includes
 21,845 shares of common stock and 3,948 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 
 
 (8)
 
 Includes
 20,845 shares of common stock and 3,948 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options. 
 
 (9)
 
 Based
 on Amendment No. 5 to Schedule 13G filed jointly by Cleveland, Rocky River Specific Opportunities Fund LLC, Wade Massad and Cleveland
 Capital Management, L.L.C. with the SEC on February 13, 2023. Reflects 945,214 shares of common stock beneficially owned by certain
 private funds managed by Cleveland Capital Management, L.L.C., or by its principals. 
 
 (10) 
 Based
 on Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13G filed by Formidable Asset Management, LLC with the SEC on May 4, 2023. 

Represents less than 1 of shares outstanding. 

ITEM
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The
following includes a summary of certain relationships and transactions, including transactions since July 1, 2021 to September 8, 2023
and any currently proposed transactions, to which we were or are to be a participant, in which (1) the amount involved exceeded or will
exceed the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one percent (1 of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years,
and (2) any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than five percent (5 of our capital stock, or any affiliate or
member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest other than compensation
and other arrangements that are described under the section titled Executive Compensation. 

Pursuant
to the Audit Committee s written charter, our Audit Committee has the responsibility to review, approve and oversee transactions
between the Company and any related person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K) and any potential conflict of interest situations
on an ongoing basis, in accordance with our policies and procedures, and to develop policies and procedures for the Audit Committee s
approval of related party transactions. 

49 

Subordinated
Line of Credit Facility 

On
May 11, 2022, we entered into a Credit Facility Agreement (the Subordinated LOC with Cleveland Capital, L.P. Cleveland ),
Herndon Plant Oakley, Ltd., HPO ), and other lenders (together with Cleveland and HPO, the Lenders ). The
Subordinated LOC provides us with a short-term line of credit (the LOC not less than 3,000,000 and not more than 5,000,000,
the proceeds of which shall be used by us for working capital purposes. As of June 30, 2022, the Lenders committed an aggregate of 4,000,000. 

In
connection with entry into the Subordinated LOC, we paid to each Lender a one-time committee fee in cash equal to 3.5 of such Lender s
Commitment Amount. In addition, in consideration of the Lenders commitment to provide the Advances to us, we issued the Lenders
five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 128,000 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 2.53 per share that are, subject
to certain ownership limitations, exercisable immediately. 

Pursuant
to a selling agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, the Company retained HPO as its placement agent in connection with the Subordinated
LOC. As compensation for services rendered in conjunction with the Subordinated LOC, the Company paid HPO a finder fee equal to 3 of
the commitment amount from each such Lender placed by HPO in cash. On December 15, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company elected
to extend the Due Date to December 31, 2023 and the Company paid the Lenders an extension fee in the aggregate amount of 80,000. 

ITEM
14 - PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent
Auditor 

For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s independent public accounting firm was Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Fees
Paid to Principal Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The
aggregate fees billed by our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are as
follows: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees(1) 
 140,000 
 131,000 
 
 Audit related fees(2) 
 - 
 22,000 
 
 Tax fees(3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees(4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 140,000 
 153,000 

(1) 
 Audit
 fees represent fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and the review
 of our quarterly financial statements and those services normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or
 engagements including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. This information is presented as of the
 latest practicable date for this annual report. 

(2) 
 Audit-related
 fees represent fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
 financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees. 

(3) 
 Baker
 Tilly US, LLP did not provide us with tax compliance, tax advice or tax planning services. 

(4) 
 All
 other fees include fees billed by our independent auditors for products or services other than as described in the immediately preceding
 three categories. No such fees were incurred during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 or 2022. 

Policy
on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our
audit committee s policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered
public accounting firm, the scope of services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm and the fees for the services
to be performed. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is
detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the audit committee regarding the
extent of services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with this preapproval, and the fees for
the services performed to date. 

All
of the services relating to the fees described in the table above were approved by our audit committee. 

50 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 - EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
(1) Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements of Flux Power Holdings, Inc., and Report of Baker Tilly US, LLP, independent registered public accounting
firm, are included in this report: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Baker Tilly US, LLP, San Diego, CA PCAOB Firm ID# 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

(2)
Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the financial statements
or notes thereto or because they are not required. 

(3)
Exhibits: 

The
exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K are listed in subparagraph (b) below. 

(b)
The following exhibits are filed as part of this Report 

Exhibit 
 No. 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Securities Exchange Agreement dated May 18, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 24, 2012. 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Securities Exchange Agreement dated June 13, 2012. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2012. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 19, 2015. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 31, 2012. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 18, 2017. 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Change. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 12, 2019. 
 
 4(vi) 
 
 Description of Securities. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(vi) on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 28, 2020. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Certificate. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Stock issued to Silicon Valley Bank, dated June 23, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2022. 
 
 10.1# 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 9, 2019. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Lease Agreement dated April 25, 2019. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019. 

51 

10.3 
 
 First Amendment to Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi Tenant Lease with Accutek dated March 1, 2020. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Representative Warrant. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 12, 2020. 
 
 10.5# 
 
 Flux Power Holdings, Inc. 2010 Stock Plan: Form of Stock Option Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2012. 
 
 10.6# 
 
 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 15, 2015. 
 
 10.7# 
 
 Amendment to the Flux Power Holdings Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 27, 2018. 
 
 10.8# 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Flux Power Holdings Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020. 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020. 
 
 10.10# 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020. 
 
 10.11# 
 
 Annual Cash Bonus Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 9, 2020. 
 
 10.12# 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Flux Power Holdings, Inc. and Ronald F. Dutt. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2021. 
 
 10.13# 
 
 Employment Agreement by and between Flux Power Holdings, Inc. and Charles A. Scheiwe. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2021. 
 
 10.14# 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021. 
 
 10.15# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement Non-Executive Director. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2021. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 23, 2021. 
 
 10.17# 
 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2, 2021 
 
 10.18 
 
 Credit Facility Agreement dated May 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022. 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Subordinated Unsecured Promissory Note. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022. 
 
 10.20# 
 
 Employee Separation and Release with Jonathan Berry dated August 24, 2022. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on August 26, 2022. 
 
 10.21 
 
 Flux Power Holdings, Inc. 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 21, 2023 
 
 10.22 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2023. 
 
 10.23 
 
 Intellectual Property Security Agreement. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2023. 
 
 10.24 
 
 Form of Revolving Note. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 3, 2023. 
 
 14.1 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2, 2019. 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 18, 2012 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included as Exhibit 101) 

Filed
 herewith. 
 
 # 
 Indicates
 management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM
16 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None . 

52 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Flux
 Power Holdings, Inc. 

Dated:
 September 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ronald F. Dutt 

Ronald
 F. Dutt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 Charles A. Scheiwe 

Charles
 A. Scheiwe 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Ronald F. Dutt 
 
 Director,
 Chief Executive Officer, 
 
 September
 21, 2023 
 
 Ronald
 F. Dutt 
 
 President
and Director 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Charles A. Scheiwe 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 September
 21, 2023 
 
 Charles
 A. Scheiwe 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 21, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Johnson 

/s/
 Cheemin Bo-Linn 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 21, 2023 
 
 Cheemin
 Bo-Linn 

/s/
 Lisa Walters-Hoffert 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 21, 2023 
 
 Lisa
 Walters-Hoffert 

/s/
 Dale Robinette 
 
 Director 
 
 September
 21, 2023 
 
 Dale
 Robinette 

53 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023
and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two
years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June
30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit
of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts
or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. 

September
21, 2023 

F- 1 

FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories, net 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Right of use asset 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Revolving line of credit 

Deferred revenue 

Customer deposits 

Finance lease payable, current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Office lease payable, current portion 

Accrued interest 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities: 

Finance lease payable, less current portion 
 
 - 
 
 Office lease payable, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years ended 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Interest expense 

Net loss 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

FLUX
POWER HOLDING, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Shares 
 Capital Stock 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock - public offering, net of costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock - exercised options and RSU settlement 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Shares 
 Capital Stock 
 Amount 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

Balance 

Issuance of common stock and warrants - registered direct offering, net of costs 

- 

Issuance of common stock - public offering, net of costs 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of common stock, exercised options and RSU settlement 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Fair value of warrants issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

FLUX
POWER HOLDING, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock-based compensation 

Fair value of warrants issued as debt discount cost 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Noncash lease expense 

Allowance for inventory reserve 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued interest 

Office lease payable 

Customer deposits 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of equipment 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in registered direct offering, net of offering costs 
 - 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in public offering, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from revolving line of credit 

Payment of revolving line of credit 

Payment of financed leases 
 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Initial right of use asset recognition 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for vested RSUs 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

FLUX
POWER HOLDINGS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE
30, 2023 and JUNE 30, 2022 

million and had an accumulated deficit of million.
Management has evaluated the Company s expected cash requirements over the next twelve (12) months, including investments in additional
sales and marketing and research and development, capital expenditures, and working capital requirements. Management believes the Company s
existing cash and funding available under the Gibraltar Business Capital Revolving Line of Credit and the Subordinated LOC, along with
the forecasted gross margin will be sufficient to meet the Company s anticipated capital resources to fund planned operations for
the next twelve (12) months. 

Historically
the Company has not generated sufficient cash to fund its operations. Based on the Company s existing backlog and customer
orders, management anticipates increased revenues, together with the improvements in its gross margin will move it closer to
profitability. The planned gross margin improvement tasks include, but is not limited to, a plan to drive bill of material costs
down while increasing price of our products for new orders. The Company has received new orders in Fiscal 2023, of approximately
 
million and believes through conversations with its customers that its anticipation of continued increase of new orders is
reasonable. 

As
of September 8, 2023, 
million remained available under the GBC Credit Facility and 
million was available for future draws under the Subordinated LOC. As of September 8, 2023, 
million remained available under the Company s ATM agreement that could be utilized if necessary. In addition, to support our
operations and anticipated growth, we intend to explore additional sources of capital as needed. We also continue to execute our
cost reduction, sourcing, and pricing recovery initiatives in efforts to increase our gross margins and improve cash flow from
operations. Unforeseen factors in the general economy beyond management s control could potentially have negative impact
on the planned gross margin improvement plan. 

million and , respectively. Cash consisted of funds held in a
non-interest-bearing bank deposit account. The Company considers all liquid short-term investments with maturities of less than three
months when acquired to be cash equivalents. The Company had cash equivalents at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

and
 during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

, or, in the case of leasehold improvements,
over the lesser of the useful life of the related asset or the lease term. 

and , respectively, which is included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated
balance sheets. 

impairment losses were recognized during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

and ,
respectively. The Company incurred a net loss for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and therefore, basic and diluted
loss per share for each fiscal year were the same because potential common share equivalents would have been anti-dilutive. The
total potentially dilutive common shares outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 that were excluded from diluted weighted-average
common shares outstanding represent shares underlying outstanding stock options, RSUs, and warrants, and totaled 
and ,
respectively. 

RSUs 

Warrants 

Total 

Antidilutive securities 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total Inventories 

Inventories
consist primarily of our energy storage systems and the related subcomponents, and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable
value. 

Prepaid expenses 

Other 

Total other current assets 

PTO accrual 

Warranty liability 

Other 
 
 - 
 
 Total accrued expenses 

Machinery and equipment 

Office equipment 

Furniture and Equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

CIP 
 
 - 
 
 Property, plant and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense was approximately 
and , for the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is included in selling and administrative expenses in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. 

million to million, and extending the maturity date to . The First Amendment provided the Company with a senior secured credit facility for up to million available on a revolving
basis Revolving LOC ). Outstanding principal under the Revolving LOC accrued interest at a floating rate per annum equal
to the greater of upon execution of the Agreement and an additional non-refundable commitment fee of 22,500
in connection with the First Amendment. 

In
addition, under the Second Amendment, the interest rate terms for the outstanding principal under the Revolving LOC were amended to accrue
interest at a floating per annum rate equal to the greater of either 
Pursuant to the Second Amendment, the Company paid SVB a non-refundable amendment fee of and SVB s legal fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the Second Amendment. 

In
connection with the Second Amendment, the Company issued a twelve-year warrant to SVB and its designee, SVB Financial Group, to purchase
up to shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share pursuant to the terms set forth therein. 

On
November 7, 2022, we entered into a Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement Third Amendment with SVB, which amended
certain terms of the Second Amended Loan Agreement (together with the Second Amended Loan Agreement, the Third Amended Loan Agreement ),
including but not limited to, (i) extending the maturity date from November 7, 2022 to May 7, 2023 (the Extension Period ),
(ii) amending the financial covenants of the Company to cover the Extension Period and to include a liquidity ratio financial covenant,
and (iii) amending the definition of Permitted Liens (as defined in the Third Amendment). Pursuant to the Third Amendment, the Company
paid SVB a non-refundable amendment fee of and SVB s legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Third Amendment. 

On
January 10, 2023, the Company entered into a Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the Fourth Amendment with
SVB, which amended certain terms of the Third Amended Loan Agreement including but not limited to, (i) increasing the amount of the SVB
Credit Facility from million to million, (ii) removing the liquidity ratio financial covenant of the Company under Section
6.9 of the Third Amended Loan Agreement, (iii) amending the definition of Borrowing Base (as defined in the Fourth Amendment), which
includes a new defined term for Net Orderly Liquidation Value (as defined in the Fourth Amendment), and (iv) removing certain defined
liquidity terms under Section 13.1 of the Third Amended Loan Agreement. Pursuant to the Fourth Amendment, the Company paid SVB a non-refundable
amendment fee of and SVB s legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Fourth Amendment. 

On
April 27, 2023, the Company entered into a Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the Fifth Amendment with SVB
which further amended certain terms of the credit facility (together with the Fourth Amended Loan Agreement, the Fifth Amended
Loan Agreement Agreement ), including but not limited to, (i) extending the maturity date from May 7, 2023 to December 31, 2023
(the 2023 Extension Period ), (ii) amending the EBITDA financial covenant of the Company to cover the 2023 Extension Period,
and (iii) amending the definition of EBITDA (as defined in the Fifth Amendment). Pursuant to the Fifth Amendment, the Company agreed
to pay SVB a non-refundable amendment fee of and SVB s legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Fifth Amendment.
In addition, SVB also agreed to waive compliance by the Company of the former EBIDTA financial covenant as of the month ended March 31,
2023. 

The
Company has used the SVB Credit Facility to fund its operations and working capital requirements. Amounts outstanding under the Revolving
LOC are secured by substantially all tangible and intangible assets of the Company (including, without limitation, intellectual property)
pursuant to the terms of the Fifth Amended Loan Agreement, and the Intellectual Property Security Agreement dated as of October 29, 2021.
During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had multiple Revolving LOC drawdowns totaling million and multiple Revolving LOC
payments totaling million. As of June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance under the Revolving LOC was approximately million. 

On
July 28, 2023, the Company terminated the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2020, as amended, by and among SVB and
the Company, and concurrent with the entry into the Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Gibraltar Business Capital and the Company.
The Company repaid the entire outstanding principal balance of the SVB Credit Facility plus all accrued and unpaid interest and related
fees through the date of termination with a portion of the funds from the GBC Credit Facility on July 28, 2023. (See Note 13 
Subsequent Events) 

and not more than , the proceeds of which shall be used by the Company for working capital purposes. In connection
with the Subordinated LOC, the Company issued a separate subordinated unsecured promissory note in favor of each respective Lender (each
promissory note, a Note for each Lender s commitment amount (each such commitment amount, a Commitment Amount ).
As of June 30, 2023, the Lenders committed to an aggregate commitment of . 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Subordinated LOC, each Lender severally agrees to make loans (each such loan, an Advance up to such
Lender s Commitment Amount to the Company from time to time, until December 31, 2022 (the Due Date ). On December
15, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company elected to extend the Due Date to December 31, 2023. The Company may, from time to time,
prior to the Due Date, draw down, repay, and re-borrow on the Note, by giving notice to the Lenders of the amount to be requested to
be drawn down. 

Each
Note bears an interest rate of 
per annum on each Advance from and after the date of disbursement of such Advance and is payable on (i) the Due Date in cash or
shares of common stock of the Company (the Common Stock at the sole election of the Company, unless such Due Date is
extended pursuant to the Note, or (ii) on occurrence of an event of Default (as defined in the Note). The Due Date may be extended
(i) at the sole election of the Company for one (1) additional year period from the Due Date upon the payment of a commitment fee
equal to two percent of the Commitment Amount to the Lender within thirty (30) days prior to the original Due Date, or (ii) by the Lender in writing. In
addition, each Lender signed a Subordination Agreement by and between the Lenders and SVB dated as of May 11, 2022 (the
 Subordination Agreement for the purposes of subordinating the right to payment under the Note to SVB s
indebtedness by the Company now outstanding or hereinafter incurred. On December 15, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company
elected to extend the Due Date to December 31, 2023 and the Company paid the Lenders an extension fee in the aggregate amount of
 .
On July 28, 2023, in conjunction with the concurrent termination of the SVB Revolving LOC and the entry into a new credit facility
with Gibraltar Business Capital GBC ), each Lender signed a Subordination Agreement by and between the Lenders and GBC
dated as of July 28, 2023 (the GBC Subordination Agreement for the purposes of subordinating the right to payment
under the Note to GBC s indebtedness by the Company then incurred and outstanding or thereinafter incurred. (See Note 13
 Subsequent Events) 

The
Subordinated LOC includes customary representations, warranties and covenants by the Company and the Lenders. The Company has also agreed
to pay the legal fees of Cleveland s counsel in an amount up to . In addition, each Note also provides that, upon the occurrence
of a Default, at the option of the Lender, the entire outstanding principal balance, all accrued but unpaid interest and/or Late Charges
(as defined in the Note) at once will become due and payable upon written notice to the Company by the Lender. 

In
connection with entry into the Subordinated LOC, the Company paid to each Lender a one-time commitment fee in cash equal to of such
Lender s Commitment Amount. In addition, in consideration of the Lenders commitment to provide the Advances to the Company,
the Company issued the Lenders five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of
 per share that are, subject to certain ownership limitations, exercisable immediately (the Warrants 

Pursuant
to a selling agreement, dated as of May 11, 2022, the Company retained HPO as its placement agent in connection with the Subordinated
LOC. As compensation for services rendered in conjunction with the Subordinated LOC, the Company paid HPO a finder fee equal to of
the Commitment Amount from each such Lender placed by HPO in cash. 

(the Common Stock from time to time, through
an at-the-market offering program (the ATM Offering ). 

The
Company agreed to pay HCW a commission in an amount equal to of the gross sales proceeds of the shares sold under the Sales Agreement.
 The Company has also agreed pursuant
to the Sales Agreement to indemnify and provide contribution to HCW against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company filed Amendment No. 1 (the Amendment to the prospectus supplement dated December 21, 2020 (the
 Prospectus Supplement to increase the size of the ATM Offering from an aggregate offering price of up to million in
the Prospectus Supplement to an amended maximum aggregate offering price of up to million of shares of the Company s common
stock (the Shares (which amount includes the value of shares the Company has already sold prior to the date of the Amendment)
pursuant to the base prospectus dated October 26, 2020, the Prospectus Supplement, and the Amendment (collectively, the Prospectus ). 

From
December 21, 2020 through June 30, 2023, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of common stock at an average price of 
per share for gross proceeds of approximately million under the ATM Offering. The Company received net proceeds of approximately
 million, net of commissions and other offering related expenses. 

The
Shares were registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), pursuant to the Company s
Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249521), declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on October 26, 2020, and the Prospectus. Sales of the Shares, if any, may be made by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market
offering as defined in Rule 415(a)(4) of the Securities Act. The Company or HCW may, upon written notice to the other party
in accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, suspend offers and sales of the Shares. The Company and HCW each have the right,
in its sole discretion, to terminate the Sales Agreement at any time upon prior written notice pursuant to the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the Sales Agreement. 

Public
Offering 

Registered
Direct Offering 

On
September 27, 2021, the Company closed a registered direct offering, priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules RDO for
the sale of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock, at an offering
price of per share and associated warrant for gross proceeds of approximately million prior to deducting offering expenses
totaling approximately million. The associated warrants have an exercise price equal to per share and are exercisable upon
issuance and expire in five years. HCW acted as the exclusive placement agent for the registered direct offering. 

The
securities sold in the RDO were sold pursuant to a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249521), including
a base prospectus, previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on October 16, 2020 and declared
effective by the SEC on October 26, 2020. The registered direct offering of the securities was made by means of a prospectus supplement
dated September 22, 2021 and filed with the SEC, that forms a part of the effective registration statement. The shelf registration
statement will expire on October 26, 2023. 

Warrants 

In
connection with the Company s RDO, in September 2021 the Company issued five-year warrants to the RDO investors to purchase up
to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share and were estimated to have a fair value
of approximately . The warrants were exercisable immediately and are limited to beneficial ownership of at any point
in time in accordance with the warrant agreement. 

In
May 2022 and in conjunction with entry into a credit facility with Cleveland, HPO, and other lenders (together with Cleveland and HPO,
the Lenders ), the Company issued five-year warrants to the Lenders to purchase up to shares of the Company s
common stock at an exercise price of per share and had a fair value of approximately . 

In
June 2022 and in conjunction with the entry into the Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement with SVB, the Company issued twelve-year
warrants to SVB and its designee, SVB Financial Group, to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise
price of per share and had a fair value of approximately . 

Warrants issued 
 - 
 - 

Warrants outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Warrant
detail for the year ended June 30, 2022 is reflected below: 

Number of Warrants 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Warrant 
 Remaining Contract Term (# years) 
 
 Warrants outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2021 

Warrants issued 

Warrants outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2022 

Stock
Options 

In
connection with the reverse acquisition of Flux Power, Inc. in 2012, the Company assumed the 2010 Plan. As of June 30, 2023, there were
 options to purchase common stock outstanding under the 2010 Plan. No additional options may be granted under the 2010 Plan. 

On
February 17, 2015, the Company s stockholders approved the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014 Plan ). The 2014 Plan
offers certain employees, directors, and consultants the opportunity to acquire the Company s common stock subject to vesting requirements
and serves to encourage such persons to remain employed by the Company and to attract new employees. The 2014 Plan allows for the award
of the Company s common stock and stock options, up to shares of the Company s common stock. As of June 30, 2023,
 shares of the Company s common stock were available for future grants under the 2014 Plan. 

On
April 29, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan
authorizes the issuance of awards for up to shares of common stock in the form of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock
options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock awards and unrestricted stock awards to officers, directors
and employees of, and consultants and advisors to, the Company or its affiliates. As of June 30, 2023, shares of the Company s
common stock were available for future grants under the 2021 Plan. 

On
October 31, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a total of stock options to be granted under the Company s 2014 Plan
and 2021 Plan. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited and cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Exercisable at June 30, 2023 

Activity
in stock options during the year ended June 30, 2022 and related balances outstanding as of that date are reflected below: 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contract Term (# years) 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2021 

Exercised 

Forfeited and cancelled 

Outstanding and exercisable at June 30, 2022 

Restricted
Stock Units 

On
November 5, 2020, the Company s Board of Directors approved an amendment to the 2014 Plan, to allow for grants of Restricted Stock
Units RSUs ). Subject to vesting requirements set forth in the RSU Award Agreement, one share of common stock is issuable
for one vested RSU. On April 29, 2021, a total of time-based RSUs were authorized by the Company s Board of Directors to
be granted under the amended 2014 Option Plan. On October 29, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized the following RSUs to be granted
under the amended 2014 Option Plan: (i) a total of RSUs to certain executive officers of which were performance-based RSUs
and were time-based RSUs, and (ii) a total of time-based RSUs to certain other key employees. The RSUs are subject to the
terms and conditions provided in (i) the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for time-based awards Time-based Award Agreement ),
and (ii) the Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for performance-based awards Performance-based Award Agreement ).
On April 20, 2023, a total of time-based RSUs were authorized by the Company s Board of Directors to be granted to the Company s
four non-executive directors under the amended 2014 Option Plan. 

Granted 

Vested and settled 

Forfeited and cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Activity
in RSUs during the year ended June 30, 2022 and related balances outstanding as of that date are reflected below: 

Number of Shares 
 Weighted Average Grant date Fair Value 
 Weighted
Average Remaining Contract Term (# years) 
 
 Outstanding at June 30, 2021 

Granted 

Vested/Settled 

Forfeited and cancelled 

Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Employee
Stock Purchase Plan 

On
March 6, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved the 2023 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the 2023 ESPP ).which
subsequently was approved by the Company s stockholders on April 20, 2023. The 2023 ESPP enables eligible employees of the Company
and certain of its subsidiaries (a Participating Subsidiary to use payroll deductions to purchase shares of the Company s
Common Stock and acquire an ownership interest in the Company. The maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s Common Stock
that have been reserved as authorized for the grant of options under the 2023 ESPP is shares, subject to adjustment as provided
for in the 2023 ESPP. Participation in the 2023 ESPP is voluntary and is limited to eligible employees (as such term is defined in the
2023 ESPP) of the Company or a Participating Subsidiary who 

There
was no stock purchased under the 2023 ESPP during Fiscal 2023. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation expense for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 represents the estimated fair value of stock options and RSUs
at the time of grant amortized under the straight-line method over the expected vesting period and reduced for estimated forfeitures
of options and RSUs. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual
forfeitures differ from original estimates. At June 30, 2023, the aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding options and the
exercisable options were approximately 
and ,
respectively. 

Selling and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

- 
 
 Risk free interest rate 
 
 - 
 
 Forfeiture rate 
 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 
 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 
 - 

(1) 

At
June 30, 2023, the unamortized stock-based compensation expense relating to outstanding stock options and RSUs was approximately 
and , respectively, and these amounts are expected to be expensed over the weighted-average remaining recognition period of 
years and years, respectively. 

and 
has been established to offset the net deferred tax assets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, due to uncertainties surrounding
the Company s ability to generate future taxable income to realize these assets. 

The
Company is subject to taxation in the United States, California and Georgia. The Company s tax years for 2010 and forward are subject
to examination by the United States and state taxing authorities due to the carry forward of unutilized net operating losses and research
and development credits (if any). 

has been recorded for state minimum and net
worth taxes. Significant components of the Company s net deferred tax assets are shown in the table below. 

 SCHEDULE
OF DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 

Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets: 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Research development credit carryforward 

Capitalized research and development expenses 
 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation 

Lease liability 

Other, net 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Right of use asset 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities 
 - 
 - 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company had unused net operating loss NOL carryovers of approximately and 
that are available to offset future federal and state taxable income, respectively. Federal NOL carryforwards arising after 2017 of approximately
 do not expire. Federal NOL carryforwards arising before 2018 of approximately and all of the state NOL carryforward
begin to expire in . 

State income taxes, net 

Permanent differences and other 

Other true ups, if any 

Change in valuation allowance 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 

The Company has not yet completed a Section 382 net operating loss analysis. If
such analysis determines there is a limitation on the use on net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income, the recorded
deferred tax asset relating to such net operating loss carryforwards will be reduced. However, as the Company has recorded a full valuation
allowance against its net deferred tax assets, there is no impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of June
30, 2023 and 2022. 

Under
ASC 740, the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more-likely-than-not
to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. An uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than
a 50 likelihood of being sustained. Additionally, ASC 740 provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties,
accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. 

In
accordance with ASC 740, there are unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. 

The
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act resulted in significant changes to the treatment of research or experimental R E expenditures
under Section 174. For tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize and amortize all R E expenditures
that are paid or incurred in connection with their trade or business which represent costs in the experimental or laboratory sense. Specifically,
costs for U.S. based R E activities must be amortized over five years and costs for foreign R E activities must be amortized
over 15 years; both using a half year convention. The Company has incorporated the impact of this new tax legislation into its financial
statements as of June 30, 2023 and established a million deferred tax asset for the remaining amortizable tax basis in its R E
costs in the table of net deferred tax assets above. The impact on the Company s financial statements was immaterial given the full valuation
allowance against the Company s U.S. net deferred tax assets. 

. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022,
cash was approximately million and , respectively. 

On March 10, 2023, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC issued a press release stating that Silicon Valley
Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as
receiver. In a joint statement issued by the Department of the Treasury, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation on March 12, 2023, the Department of Treasury took actions to enable the FDIC to complete its resolution
of SVB in a manner that fully protects all depositors. According to the joint statement (the Statement ), depositors will
have access to all of their money starting Monday, March 13, 2023. On March 13, 2023, Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A., the new entity
formed by the FDIC announced appointment of a new CEO, who provided assurance of immediate restoration of full banking services. On March
27, 2023, First Citizens BancShares, Inc. announced that it has entered into an agreement with the FDIC to purchase all of the assets
and liabilities of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. 

The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. Management believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant credit
risk with respect to its cash. 

Customer
Concentrations 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had two (2) major customers that each represented more than 10 of its revenues, on an individual
basis, and together represented approximately or of its total revenues. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company had four (4) major customers that each represented more than 10 of its revenues, on an individual
basis, and together represented approximately or of its total revenues. 

Suppliers/Vendor
Concentrations 

The
Company obtains a limited number of components and supplies included in its products from a small group of suppliers. During the year
ended June 30, 2023 the Company had one (1) supplier who accounted for more than 10 of its total purchases which represented approximately
 or of its total purchases. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022 the Company had one (1) supplier who accounted for more than 10 of its total purchases which represented
approximately or of its total purchases. 

square feet of industrial space at 2685 S. Melrose Drive, Vista, California. . The monthly rental rate was for the first
12 months, escalating at each year. 

On
February 26, 2020, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease dated April 25,
2019 (the Amendment with Accutek to rent an additional rentable square feet of space plus a residential unit of
approximately rentable square feet (for a total of approximately rentable square feet). . The base rent for the additional space is the same rate as the space rented under the terms
of the original lease, per rentable square (subject to 3 annual increase). In connection with the Amendment, the Company purchased
certain existing office furniture for a total purchase price of . 

On
December 16, 2022 the Company signed a Lease Agreement with MM Parker Court Associates, LLC to rent approximately square feet of
office space at Building 1959 Parker Court, Suite E, Atlanta, Georgia. The monthly rental rate was approximately for the first 6 months, and for months
7 to 12, escalating at each year. 

Total
rent expense was approximately 
and for the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Financed
Leases 

9/10/2022 

10/17/2022 
 Manufacturing equipment 
 
 10/17/2022 

1/24/2023 
 Manufacturing equipment 
 
 1/24/2023 

3/2/2023 
 Manufacturing equipment 
 
 3/2/2023 

(1) 

Lease
costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective lease terms. Depreciation expense related to leased assets was approximately
 for the year ended June 30, 2023. Interest expense on leased liabilities was approximately for the year ended June 30,
2023. The Company had no financed leases during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total Future Minimum Lease Payments 

Less: discount 

Total lease liability 

million (the Revolving Loan Commitment ). The revolving amount available
under the GBC Credit Facility is equal to the lesser of the Revolving Loan Commitment and the borrowing base amount (as defined in the
Agreement). The GBC Credit Facility is evidenced by a revolving note, which matures on (the Maturity Date ),
unless extended, modified or renewed (the Revolving Note ). Provided that there is no event of default, the Maturity Date
can automatically be extended for one (1) year period upon payment of a renewal fee for each such extension in the amount of three-quarters
of one percent of the Revolving Loan Commitment, which fee will be due and payable on or before the applicable Maturity Date. 
 million, and (b) the total increases do not exceed million and no more
than five (5) increases are made. Outstanding principal under the GBC Credit Facility accrues interest at Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR , as defined in the Agreement)
plus five and one half of one percent per annum with such interest payment is due monthly on the last day of the month. In the
event of default, the amounts due under the Agreement bears interest at a rate per annum equal to three percent above the rate
that is otherwise applicable to such amounts. We paid GBC a non-refundable closing fee for the GBC Credit Facility of upon the execution of the Agreement. In addition, the Company is required to pay a monthly unused line fee equal to one-half of one
percent per annum on the difference between the Revolving Loan Commitment and the average outstanding principal balance of the
revolving loan(s) for such month. The obligations under the GBC Credit Facility may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time upon an
exit fee of (a) two percent of the Revolving Loan Commitment if the obligations are paid in full during the first year after
the closing date, or (b) one percent of the Revolving Loan Commitment if the obligations are paid in full one year after the closing date, provided, that, the exit fee will be waived if such prepayment occurs in connection with the
refinancing of the obligations with Bank of America, N.A., as lender. 

The
Agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, negative and affirmative covenants and financial covenants
including maintaining minimum tangible net worth, and certain limitations on dispositions of assets. The Agreement also contains usual
and customary events of default (with customary grace periods, as applicable) and provides that, upon the occurrence of an event of default,
payment of all amounts payable under the GBC Credit Facility may be accelerated and/or GBC s commitment may be terminated by GBC
without any action by GBC. 

The
loans and other obligations of the Company under the GBC Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the tangible and intangible
assets of the Company (including, without limitation, intellectual property) pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and the Intellectual
Property Security Agreement entered into by and among the Company and GBC on July 28, 2023. 

Termination
of Silicon Valley Bank LOC 

On
July 28, 2023, the Company terminated the Loan and Security Agreement, by and among the Company and SVB, dated as of November 9, 2020,
as amended, and concurrent with the entry into the Loan and Security Agreement, by and among Gibraltar Business Capital and the Company,
as noted above. The Company repaid the entire outstanding principal balance of the SVB Credit Facility plus all accrued and unpaid interest
and related fees through the date of termination with a portion of the funds from the GBC Credit Facility on July 28, 2023. 

F- 21 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-249521) and Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-229644,
and 333-267974) of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. of our report dated September 21, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements,
which appears on page F-1 of this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/
 BAKER TILLY US, LLP 

San
 Diego, CA 

September
 21, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ronald F. Dutt, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ronald
 F. Dutt 

Name: 
 Ronald F. Dutt 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles A. Scheiwe, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Flux Power Holdings, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s other certifying officer
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
Registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c . 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d . 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s other certifying officer
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Charles A. Scheiwe 

Name: 
 Charles A. Scheiwe 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Flux Power
Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Ronald F. Dutt 

Name: 
 Ronald F. Dutt 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Flux Power
Holdings, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 21, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Charles A. Scheiwe 

Name: 
 Charles A. Scheiwe 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 flux-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 flux-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 flux-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 flux-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

