<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230728_10-K_edgar_data_1378140_0001493152-23-025878.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9677971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>293537</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3466645</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2358231</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1520957</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1851342</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-025878.hdr.sgml : 20230728
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230728161553
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-025878
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230728
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230728

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ocean Power Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001378140
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		IRS NUMBER:				222535818
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NJ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33417
		FILM NUMBER:		231123250

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 ENGELHARD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			MONROE TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08831
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-730-0400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		28 ENGELHARD DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			MONROE TOWNSHIP
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08831

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ocean Power Technologies, INc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061012

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-025878.txt : 20230728

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from to . 

Commission
File Number 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of Exchange on Which Registered 

American 

American 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). 
 
No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 
 Smaller
reporting company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates as of October 31, 2021, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was million based on the closing sale price of the registrant s
common stock on that date as reported on the NYSE American. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock as of July 28, 2023 was . 

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 39 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 46 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 46 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 47 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 47 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 47 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 47 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 47 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 

PowerBuoy ,
PB-Vue , PowerTower , Making Waves in Power , Talk on Water , WAM-V 
 and the Ocean Power Technologies logo are trademarks of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. All other trademarks appearing in this annual
report are the property of their respective holders. 

i 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

We
have made statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report in, among other sections, Item 1 - Business, 
Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings, and Item 7 - Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations that are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements convey
our current expectations or forecasts of future events. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future financial
position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, plans and objectives of management for future operations. The words may, 
 continue, estimate, intend, plan, will, believe, 
 project, expect, anticipate and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements,
but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

Any
or all of our forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may turn out to be inaccurate. We have based these forward-looking statements
on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition,
results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. They may be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or unknown
risks and uncertainties, including the risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in Item 1A - Risk Factors. In light
of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur
as contemplated and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

You
should not unduly rely on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this filing. Unless required by law, we
undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new information or future events or otherwise. 

Our
fiscal year begins on May 1 and ends on April 30. When we refer to a particular fiscal year, we are referring to the fiscal year ending
on April 30 of that year. References to fiscal 2023 are to the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Unless
the context indicates otherwise, the terms Company, Ocean Power Technologies, OPT, we, 
 our or us as used herein refers to Ocean Power Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Our
solutions focus on four major service areas: Data as a Service DaaS ), which includes data collected by our Wave Adaptive
Modular Vessel (WAM-V autonomous vehicles or our PowerBuoy product lines; Robotics as a Service RaaS ), which
provides a lower cost subscription model for our customers to access use of our WAM-V s Power as a Service PaaS ),
which includes our PowerBuoy and subsea battery products; and our Strategic Consulting Services. 

Our
mission is to provide intelligent maritime solutions and services that enable more secure and more productive utilization of our oceans
and waterways, provide clean energy power services, and offer sophisticated surface and subsea maritime domain awareness solutions. We
achieve this through our proprietary, state-of-the-art technologies that are at the core of our clean and renewable energy platforms,
autonomous systems, solutions and services. 

We
provide ocean data collection and reporting, marine power, offshore communications, and Maritime Domain Awareness System MDA or MDAS products, integrated solutions, and consulting services. We offer our products and
services to a wide range of customers, including those in government and offshore energy, oil and gas, construction, wind power and
other industries. We are involved in the entire life cycle of product development, from product design through manufacturing,
testing, deployment, maintenance and upgrades, while working closely with partners across our supply chain. We also work closely
with our third-party partners that provide us with, among other things, software, controls, sensors, integration services, and
marine installation services. Our solutions are based on proprietary technologies that enable autonomous, zero or low carbon
emitting, and cost-effective data collection, analysis, transportation and communication. Our solutions are primarily suited to
ocean and other offshore environments, and support generation of actionable intelligence on a standalone basis or working with other
data sources. We channel the information we collect, and other communications, through control equipment linked to edge computing
and cloud hosting environments. 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of New Jersey in April 1984 and began commercial operations in 1994. On April 23, 2007,
we reincorporated in Delaware. 

Our
Solutions 

Data
as a Service 

Our
DaaS solution is at the forefront of our strategic plan to be a leader in offshore data collection, integration, analytics and real
time communication for a variety of important applications. For example, our solutions can track surface vessel movement for
maritime border enforcement and illegal fishing interdiction, provide security for offshore wind farms and oil and gas fields, or
provide harbor or port security as well as logistics support. We have the ability to support aquaculture and gather information on
ocean currents, water quality, wind and other weather metrics, and map shorelines or subsurface areas. We also offer 24/7 monitoring
solutions that can provide meaningful real time information, and long-term data collection and analytics for sophisticated
applications across many industries and scientific applications. Additionally, the stability of our WAM-V platform makes it an
ideal solution to produce high quality sonar data in many sea conditions for subsea surveys. WAM-V s can also be
outfitted with various equipment for the performance of marine infrastructure surveys, berth clearance surveys, dredging surveys,
and mining pit surveys. 

In
October 2020, the Company launched its DaaS offering in support of the U.S. Navy s Naval Postgraduate School s Sea, Land,
Air, Military Research Initiative SLAMR ). We have further expanded our DaaS offering through field demonstration such
as ANTX Coastal Trident 2022, as well as contracts with a U.S. government services provider for an MDA demonstration off the U.S.
West Coast, Naval Task Force 59 for the Digital Horizon field exercise and the International Maritime Exercise (IMX) in Bahrain, Sulmara
for survey services with our WAM-V platform, and Phase I funding through National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration s
(NOAA) Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) program. Additionally, during fiscal 2023 the Company was awarded a contract to provide
scientific hardware delivery, training, and integration services under a subcontract for a U.S. government agency. This project seeks
to identify and integrate sensors and systems and share data suitable for the full spectrum of maritime operations. We will provide the
required hardware, hardware deployment support, software, software deployment support, integration services, surveillance and telemetry
data, and associated training in support of a PB3 PowerBuoy equipped with our MDA solution. The project will be deployed in support
of security efforts to detect illegal, unreported, and unregulated IUU fishing, dark vessels, and human/drug trafficking
in operation 24/7/365 and is scheduled to begin during the first half of fiscal 2024. 

2 

Maritime
Domain Awareness Solution 

The
International Maritime Organization defines Maritime Domain Awareness MDA as the effective understanding of any activity that
could impact the security, safety, economy, or environment related to and within our oceans and seas. Since 2002, the U.S. has had
an active strategy to secure the maritime domain, primarily through the U.S. Navy. Furthermore, in 2020 the U.S. Coast Guard
elevated Illegal, Unreported and Unregulated (IUU) fishing, one aspect of MDA security, as the leading global maritime threat. 

We
have designed our solution to provide detailed, localized maritime domain awareness that can be utilized for a wide range of applications
across market segments. Our MDAS base hardware consists of a high-definition radar, a stabilized high-definition optical and thermal
imaging camera, and a vessel Automatic Identification System AIS detection module. This hardware can be customized or
supplemented by other solutions, depending on the requirements of our customers. These devices can be mounted on our products, such as
our PB3 or WAM-V , and then, utilizing integrated command and control software, data is sent to us and to our customers via secure
communications channels. Multiple sensors can be used on a single unit based on the comprehensiveness of the needs of our customers. 

Our
MDAS processes data onboard our platforms (i.e., edge computing) and transmits the results to our cloud-based analytics platform via
secure Wi-Fi and cellular and satellite communications. We anticipate integrating our MDAS solution into our WAM-V s to
add mobile assets for patrols or interdiction and utilizing satellite communication to expand the availability of our data service.
Surveillance data can be integrated with third party marine monitoring software or with our own MDA software solution to provide
command and control features of a multi-platform surveillance network. As an example, one or more WAM-Vs can be networked to
our self-powered buoy, which acts as a central data and communication hub. These WAM-Vs can significantly increase the range of
our MDAS network solutions. The data can also be integrated with satellite, weather, bathymetric, and other third-party data feeds
to form a detailed surface and subsea picture of a monitored area. All vessel video, radar, and track data are securely stored in our
cloud, or the customer s cloud, environment and is accessible for as long as required by the customer for further analysis and
reference. 

In
May 2022, the Company launched the first commercially ready MDAS on a test buoy off the coast of New Jersey. The system includes our
proprietary integration of sensors, hardware and software, supported by cloud infrastructure as well as having a web-based user
interface that displays camera, radar, AIS and live chart data. We have successfully demonstrated the system multiple times for
potential customers, including a showcase in San Diego Bay at the U.S. Navy s Advanced Naval Technology Exercise in August
2022. While we continue to develop our MDAS with hardware optimization and feature enhancements, we believe that we have now
launched a commercially viable product to markets and are currently preparing for our first commercially funded MDAS deployments in
calendar 2023. 

Autonomous
Vehicles WAM-V 

On
November 15, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity interest of Marine Advanced Robotics, Inc. MAR ).
Founded in 2004, MAR is the developer of the patented Wave Adaptive Modular Vessel (WAM-V technology, which enables roaming capabilities
for unmanned maritime systems in waters around the world. MAR launched the first WAM-V in 2007 as a new vehicle class to deliver
reliable autonomous surface vehicles to customers that could provide robust, real-time data collection and reporting. MAR also provides
RaaS, allowing customers to lease WAM-V robotics and access information from our WAM-Vs while we maintain ownership and maintenance
and repair responsibilities. Today, WAM-Vs operates in 11 countries for commercial, military and scientific uses. Our WAM-Vs 
exist in three primary sizes of 8, 16, and 22 feet, however, many of the design components are common across the sizes, allowing for
integration of different payloads and adaptation of the payload platforms for larger equipment. All sizes can be adapted to suit electric
or liquid fuel propulsion methods. 

3 

The
acquisition of MAR immediately provided the Company with an established product line that highly complements the Company s business
strategy and can be used inshore, nearshore, and offshore. Since the acquisition, the business of MAR has continued to grow and is further
expanding into core marine survey and maritime security markets in Europe, Asia, Oceania and the Americas. We continue to find ways to
integrate MAR technology with the Company s existing platforms and service offerings and expect to take advantage of new synergistic
opportunities as they arise. During our fiscal third quarter ended January 31, 2023, the Company participated in the Digital Horizon
demonstration and field exercise for the U.S. Navy in Bahrain which has led to additional opportunities to cross sell our autonomous
vehicles. In addition, we plan to integrate the MDAS platform onto the WAM-V to expand our MDA offering to provide a roaming MDA
solution to our customers. 

Robotics
as a Service 

During
fiscal 2023 the Company introduced the RaaS subscription model for our customers to access our WAM-V s . Under this model we
lease our WAM V s to our customers over a period that generally ranges from three to six months, or provide a specified number of use days, typically
with a guaranteed minimum. This model provides a lower cost entry point for our customers to access our products, provides a try before
buying opportunity, and allows our customers increased access during their peak seasons. The Company expects to benefit from the growing
RaaS trend, providing greater visibility into predicting revenue and planning supply for demand, while providing our customers with flexibility
and a lower barrier to entry. 

Power
as a Service 

PaaS
solutions deliver value to customers by utilizing our managed power platforms. We continue to develop and commercialize our proprietary
power platforms that generate electricity primarily by harnessing the renewable energy of ocean waves. We continue to offer our commercial
PB3 and are adding solar power options to our next generation PowerBuoy (the NextGen PB and have the option of adding
small wind turbines to supplement power generation. The NextGen PB includes versions with and without a wave energy converter (WEC),
with the non-WEC version replacing our previous hybrid PB. We also continue to offer our commercialized subsea battery for subsea power
applications and as additional storage when combined with our buoy platforms. Our focus for these solutions is on bringing autonomous
clean power to our customers wherever it is required. Moreover, offshore data and communications networks require power to function,
and our solution solves this need without requiring ongoing battery replacement or older technologies such as shore to station power
cables. Many of the lessons learned from the deployments of both our PB3, including with Enel Green Power Chile, LTDA EGP for which we received final acceptance during the third quarter of fiscal 2023, and PB 2.0 are being used to develop the next generation
of PowerBuoy systems that are based on modularity for WEC and non-WEC applications. The PB3 will continue to be available and supported
in addition to the support provided to the NextGen PB once launched. 

PB3
PowerBuoy 

The
PB3 uses proprietary technologies that convert the hydrokinetic energy of ocean waves into electricity. The PB3 features a unique
onboard power take-off PTO system which incorporates both energy storage and energy management and control systems.
The PB3 generates a nominal nameplate capacity rating of up to 3 kilowatts kW of peak power. Power generation is
deployment-site dependent, as wave activity impacts power generation. Our Energy Storage System ESS has a capacity
of up to a nominal 150 kW-hours to meet specific application requirements. 

4 

The
PB3 is designed to generate power for use independent of the power grid in offshore locations. The hull consists of a main spar structure
compliantly moored to the seabed and surrounded by a floating annular structure that can freely move up and down in response to the passage
of the waves. The PTO system includes a mechanical energy conversion system, an electrical generator, a power electronics system, our
control system, and our ESS which is sealed within the hull. As ocean waves pass the PB3 the mechanical stroke action created by the
rising and falling of the waves is converted into rotational mechanical energy by the PTO, which in turn, drives the electric generator.
The power electronics system then conditions the electrical output which is stored within the ESS. 

The
operation of the PB3 is controlled by our customized, proprietary control system. The control system uses sensors and an onboard computer
to continuously monitor the PB3 subsystems. We believe that this ability to optimize and manage the electric power output of the PB3
is a significant advantage of our technology. In the event of large storm waves, the control system automatically locks the PB3, and
electricity generation is suspended. However, the load center (either the on-board payload or one in the vicinity of the PB3) may continue
to receive power from the ESS. When wave heights return to normal operating conditions, the control system automatically unlocks the
PB3 and electricity generation and ESS replenishment recommences. This safety feature helps to protect the PB3 from being damaged by
storms. 

Customized
solutions are also available for the PB3 including the addition of subsea sensors to monitor for acoustic signatures, tsunami activity,
and water quality. 

Next
Generation PowerBuoy (NextGen PB) 

The
NextGen PB is an alternative platform to the PB3, and will consist of multiple versions, one utilizing solar and wind power and one
utilizing solar and wind power plus wave energy conversion capability, to provide reliable power in remote offshore locations,
regardless of ocean wave conditions. The WEC technology in the NextGenPB is based on our ongoing Mass on Spring Wave Energy
Converter (MOSWEC) development which has the advantages of smaller size, lower cost, environmentally sealed design, and increased
energy generation capability. The prototype of the solar and wind PowerBuoy has been tested off the coast of New
Jersey and was used during the MDAS demonstration for ANTX during fiscal 2023. We believe this product addresses a broader spectrum
of customer deployment needs, including low-wave and nearshore environments, with the potential for greater product integration
within each customer project. The NextGen PB is intended to provide a stable energy platform for our MDAS solution, and for agile
deployment of subsea power applications, such as a surface communications hub for electric remotely operated vehicles eROV and autonomous underwater vehicles AUV used for underwater inspections and short-term
maintenance, and subsea equipment monitoring and control. The design has a high payload capacity for surveillance and communications
equipment, including subsea acoustics, with the capability of being tethered to subsea payloads such as batteries, or with a
conventional anchor mooring system. Energy is stored in onboard lithium ion batteries which can power subsea and topside payloads.
The control system uses sensors and an onboard computer to continuously monitor the subsystems. The NextGen PB is designed to be
able to operate over a broad range of temperature and ocean wave conditions. It has a 40kW-hour battery system which can be expanded
up to 120 kW-hour energy . The Company expects both versions of the NextGen PB to be completed and commercially available by the end
of fiscal 2024. 

Subsea
Battery 

Our
subsea battery is complementary to both the PB3 and NextGen PB products and can be deployed together with our PowerBuoys or as a
standalone unit. It offers customers the option of placing additional modular and expandable energy storage, including non-OPT solutions, on the seabed near existing,
or to be installed, subsea equipment. Our pressure-tested lithium-iron phosphate subsea batteries supply power that can enable subsea
equipment, sensors, communications and AUV and eROV recharge. Our PB3 and NextGen PB are complementary to the subsea batteries by providing
a means for recharging during longer term deployments, or the batteries can be used independently for shorter term deployments. 

The
subsea battery provides both long or short-term power supply from its integrated energy storage system, enabling us to supply a range
of industries and applications, from backup power to critical subsea infrastructure to continuous operation of subsea equipment, such
as electric valves. The base design of the subsea battery has a nominal 100kW-hours of available energy storage and is designed and tested
to operate in water depths of up to 500 meters. It comes installed on a readily deployable subsea skid suitable for installation on the
seabed. The subsea battery can be integrated into other subsea equipment on land prior to deployment. 

5 

Strategic
Consulting Services 

The
focus of our Strategic Consulting Services is on delivering value to our customers in the areas of ocean engineering, structural and
dynamic analysis, Front End Engineering and Design FEED studies, and motion simulation. These services can be integrated
in support of our broader PaaS and/or DaaS and RaaS solutions, utilizing our products or on an independent basis for third party clients.
In the near term, we will focus on increasing our market share in the offshore wind market, the broader floating foundation design market,
as well as with our offshore energy customers. 

We
intend to continue to grow our service sectors and strengthen our solutions through internal developments, partnerships, and potential
acquisitions. Our Strategic Consulting Services were materially expanded with the acquisition of 3dent Technology, LLC 3Dent ),
in February 2021. Our team of dedicated consultants/designers has expertise in structural engineering, hydrodynamics and naval architecture.
Consulting services include simulation engineering, developing purpose specific software, concept design and motion analysis. We also
offer a full range of high-level offshore engineering to offshore wind developers, offshore construction companies, drilling contractors,
major oil companies, service companies, shipyards, and engineering firms. For example, we advise offshore drill rig owners, including
owners of floaters, jackups, and lift boats. The Company has seen an increase in consulting services activity for conventional offshore
energy and for offshore wind projects over the last year, including a contract signed during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 with Netsco for design work on their Wind
Turbine Installation Vessel (WTIV). 

Strategy
and marketing 

Our
strategy includes developing integrated solutions and services, including autonomous and cloud-based delivery systems for ocean data
and predictive analytics to provide actionable intelligence for our clients. We believe that having demonstrated the capability of our
solutions, we can advance our product and services and gain further adoption from our target markets. Our marketing efforts are focused
on offshore locations that require a cost-efficient solution for renewable, reliable, and persistent power, data collection, and communications,
either by supplying electric power to payloads that are integrated directly with our products or located in its vicinity, such as on
the surface, the seabed, or in the water column. Our recent projects have been in the offshore energy, military and government, and science
and research industries. 

Based
on our recent market analysis, several emerging themes are shaping the offshore MDA sector for commercial and defense applications,
as highlighted by the National Plan to achieve MDA released by the Department of Homeland Security DHS and the
Government Accountability Office GAO in their Unmanned Maritime Systems 2022 report on Maritime
Security. In March 2023, the United States Coast Guard released its Unmanned Systems Strategic Plan with a stated vision to
effectively employ, defend against, and regulate unmanned systems in a complex maritime environment advancing maritime safety,
security, and prosperity for the American public. Coast Guard mission execution often begins with awareness of what is happening in
the maritime domain. Surveillance, detection, classification, identification, and prosecution are enduring, high-level capabilities
that the Coast Guard needs in order to execute its statutory missions and we believe that the Company s products are well
positioned to enable the Coast Guard to accomplish this mission. The Coast Guard states the technologies required to support its
mission will include buoys and surface vehicles, Similarly, the United States Navy has publicly stated that it plans to employ a
fleet of 100 unmanned surface vessels USV patrolling waters from the Red Sea into the Persian Gulf during calendar
2023, further evidencing the growing emphasis on USV s for defense and surveillance operations. Large defense contractors are
also expanding into the ocean data collection space by acquiring small and mid-size unmanned and autonomous surface
and subsea vehicle companies. Unmanned systems are increasingly in demand by defense and security and commercial companies to reduce
costs and improve safety in offshore operations. Also, geopolitical developments such as the need for countries to protect their
exclusive economic zones from illegal fishing activities and protect natural resources on the seabed are accelerating the adoption
of solutions or technologies that collect, transmit, and synthesize data to provide actionable intelligence and decision-advantage
to clients. Our recent operations in Bahrain and in the Asia Pacific region show the broadening geographic opportunity for our
services. For example, in its Technology Outlook 2030 , Det Norske Veritas, Inc, DNV ), a leading
operator of quality assurance and risk management in maritime, oil and gas and the energy industries, observed that all-electric
systems are gaining popularity in subsea applications due to their cost-efficiency and reduced environmental impact. DNV predicts
that all-electric subsea systems will play a critical role in the industry s transition to a more sustainable future. These
trends reinforce the increasing need for products, solutions, and services in the offshore maritime domain awareness sector,
particularly for unmanned and sentinel systems that can improve safety and reduce costs. 

6 

We
serve a diverse range of leading customers in this sector, including defense and security organizations, offshore wind, science and research,
ports and harbors, and oil gas companies. Our pipeline continues to grow and during fiscal 2023 we saw a significant increase in
defense and security activity, and we continue to see commercial opportunities as we witness growing interest from offshore wind companies
for autonomous monitoring, surveillance and survey-related services during various stages of the project development cycle. Additionally,
we are also attracting interest targeted toward subsea applications, using proprietary sensor payloads for environmental monitoring and
subsea intelligence. We believe that our buoys and WAM-Vs are uniquely able to deliver these services either as a standalone solution
or in combination with other systems. Furthermore, we believe that we are becoming a reliable player in the hydrography survey market,
particularly in the shallow water environment. 

Competitive
Advantages 

We
continue to commercialize our current and future products and solutions by targeting customers in our principal markets (defense and
security, offshore oil and gas, science and research, and offshore wind, as well as government applications in border protection, fishery
protection and marine protected areas) that require resident, semi-resident, or roaming platforms. Our platforms provide stable and reliable
power sources in nearshore and remote offshore locations for short and long-term deployments. We believe that our solutions and our existing
commercial relationships provide the following competitive advantages in our target markets: 

Numerous
 applications within multiple major market segments. We have designed our solutions to have multiple offshore applications that
 can be used globally by customers. Our WAM-V autonomous vehicles are designed for nearshore and offshore deployments
 as fully or semi-autonomous systems and can operate in force multiplier mode. Our vehicles can support customized subsea and surface
 payloads, including other remotely operated or autonomous systems such as aerial drones and ROVs. Multiple applications exist in
 the hydrographic survey market, across a range of industries including offshore wind and oceanographic monitoring. Our PB3 was designed
 for longer-term deployment in moderate to high ocean wave climates. Our NextGen PB is being designed and tested to meet the needs
 of customers with projects in low sea state locations and/or those requiring shorter-term deployments. Our subsea battery enables
 persistent power to be delivered from the seabed to support autonomous, all-electric subsea operations. Together, all these products
 can be integrated to provide customized power solutions for our customers. Our PowerBuoy platforms can also act as
 persistent or short term self-powered solution platforms for payloads, such as our MDA package, which can provide real-time perimeter
 security, vessel tracking and area surveillance for government defense, fishery protection, and offshore energy applications. 

Considerable
 life-cycle cost savings over current solutions for many applications. Our PowerBuoy platforms are designed to operate over
 extended intervals between required maintenance activities. We believe that our PowerBuoys will reduce costs over multi-year
 operations. These cost savings are mostly due to reduced vessel and personnel servicing activities. For short term deployments, our
 NextGen PB is a cost-efficient means of providing MDA and subsea power solutions. Our subsea battery can provide power to seafloor
 systems when combined with a PowerBuoy for power regeneration, thus reducing or, in some cases, eliminating the need for manned
 vessels to replace or recharge expended subsea batteries during mission life. Our WAM-V vehicles displace carbon and
 capital-intensive manned vessels, enabling savings to be realized even during short term deployments. For shorter term deployments
 and in nearshore waters, the WAMV might replace the need for a manned vessel entirely. For long term deployments and in offshore
 waters, the WAM-V enables material reductions in costs and carbon emissions from traditional large survey vessels. 

7 

Real-time
 data communications. Our systems can be equipped with a variety of communications equipment, such as 5G, 4G LTE, satellite, VHF,
 and Wi-Fi, which enables the transmission of data on a frequent or near-continuous basis. We believe that more frequent data communication
 could enable an end-user to more quickly and proactively make data-driven decisions which could result in economic advantages. Real-time
 data communications are an essential component of our WAM-V operations and our MDAS payload, allowing persistent
 autonomous remote monitoring of marine traffic. 

Modular
 and scalable designs. Our WAM-Vs exist in three primary sizes of 8, 16, and 22 feet, and many of the design components
 are common across the sizes, allowing for integration of different payloads and adaptation of the payload platforms for larger equipment.
 All sizes can be adapted to suit different propulsion methods. Our PowerBuoy platforms are designed with a modular
 energy storage system which allows us to tailor its configuration to specific application requirements, including expansion of energy
 storage capacity, potentially allowing for a more customized solution and potential cost savings for our customers. We believe that
 the modular design of our subsea battery enables clients to specify larger energy storage than would be possible with just buoys
 and have this placed at the seabed and near existing electric subsea equipment. 

Integrated
 Designs. All our products are designed to operate with each other in mesh or array setups. We are commercializing our
 existing MDA payload to operate on WAM-Vs and believe that future integration of docking and charging stations for
 WAM-Vs into our PowerBuoys will provide additional solutions for our customers. These stations will enable our WAM-Vs to charge up using our renewable power generators thus materially increase
autonomous mission duration. The stations will also enable enhanced maritime domain awareness capabilities. We have also designed our
systems to work with other assets being provided into larger projects and programs. 

Flexible
 electrical, mechanical and communication interfaces for sensors. The WAM-V and PowerBuoy platforms
 can be equipped with payloads, either mounted on or within the platforms, or tethered to the platforms. The PowerBuoys have
 mechanical and electrical interfaces which allow for simplified integration of payloads, creating flexibility for the end-user. The
 stable platforms of the WAM-Vs allow for a broad range of subsea and surface sensors and assets to be integrated.
 Flexible interfaces reduce cost through simplified integration and deployment. 

Reduced
 carbon emission, environmentally benign system design. Our PowerBuoys emit no carbon during operation. We further believe
 that our PB3 does not present significant risks to marine life, nor does it emit pollutants, and therefore has minimal environmental
 impact. Our electric WAM-Vs primary source of energy is from batteries, thus enabling zero emission operations. WAM-Vs 
 have been demonstrated as suitable for sensitive marine area operations due to their shallow draft and zero emission profile. 

Ocean
 and factory-tested technology. We have deployed more than 80 WAM-Vs to date across the world for commercial customers
 and government agencies. Our WAM-Vs are designed to operate in a broad range of oceanic conditions and regions. On-location
 maintenance is designed into the WAM-Vs . Our PB3 is designed to be durable, with a three-year interval between required
 maintenance activities. The PB3 has maintained operational performance through hurricanes, tropical storms and North Sea winter storms
 and has been successfully deployed for several clients. The Company maintains access to ocean testing through the use of three permitted
 test sites in New Jersey that allow us to perform water testing of new PowerBuoy products and payloads. The subsea battery
 has been pressure-tested to its design depth at the Deep Ocean Test Facility in Annapolis, Maryland. We sea trial every WAM-V either
 in the Bay Area or near our New Jersey location. Further, we continue to focus on standardizing manufacturing and production testing
 procedures and work closely with our supply base to ensure production repeatability. 

Prior
 commercial relationships enabled the development of our technology. Our prior and existing relationships with a broad range of
 government agencies, including, inter alia, the U.S. Navy, U.S. Department of Energy DOE ), U.S. DHS, and NOAA, and
 our prior and existing relationships with commercial entities have allowed us to further develop our solutions for a variety of needs
 in various industries. We believe these relationships have helped position us within the public and private sectors for future commercial
 opportunities, which enhance our market visibility and attractiveness to our prospective customers. 

8 

Access
 to domestic supply chain. Our strategy is to utilize domestic supply chain sources, when available, to improve operations and
 collaboration with our supply partners. We believe this strategy reduces some of our exposure to global sourcing and supply chain
 uncertainties. 

Our
Target Markets 

The
Company takes a rigorous approach to market evaluation. Utilizing our deep internal industry knowledge as well as publicly available
and purchased data, we evaluate total addressable market sizes. We apply screening criteria to narrow our focus within these markets
and identify sub-segments and associated service addressable market sizes. These market evaluations are updated on an ongoing basis.
The DOE has identified eight non-grid applications where renewable marine energy could provide consistent, reliable power. The identified
marine energy applications are ocean observation, underwater vehicle charging, marine aquaculture, marine algae, seawater mining, seawater
desalination, coastal resiliency and disaster recovery, and isolated communities. We have been focused on addressing the energy needs
of many of these applications (e.g., ocean observation, underwater vehicle charging), and other offshore applications (e.g., maritime
domain awareness, well monitoring and powering subsea equipment control systems). 

Defense
and Security 

Our
MDAS provides the ideal understanding of the global maritime domain impacting the defense and security markets by generating actionable
intelligence from the sea. This modular, standalone solution can be deployed across multiple platforms and provides remote, autonomous
monitoring that enables enforcement of maritime law in dangerous and remote ocean environments to improve safety at sea. Applications
include port security, maritime border protection, and illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing protection, among others. Using an
integrated suite of monitoring components and data communications and analysis software, our MDAS can enable 24/7, real-time, unmanned
offshore monitoring capabilities. 

We
believe that our buoys are uniquely positioned to be used to provide power and communications for multiple applications within the defense
and security markets. The ability of the buoys to power multiple payloads may be an attractive feature for these markets, as their systems
can be easily integrated into other PowerBuoy applications allowing their operation to be concealed. One example of an application
for domestic and international defense departments and defense contractors includes forward deployed energy and communications outposts
(which is a current U.S. Department of Defense program), both above and below sea surface. Buoys enabled with our MDAS provide actionable
intelligence from 24/7/365 radar and AIS vessel tracking (including dark vessels ), automatic notifications and vessel warnings,
real-time visual and Infra-Red video surveillance, with an integrated command and control user interface. Other examples of such applications
include perimeter security, early detection and warning systems, remote sensing stations, high frequency radar, sonar, electro-optical
and infrared sensors for maritime security, network communications systems, and unmanned underwater vehicle docking stations. 

In
addition, our WAM-V is an ideal platform servicing multiple applications within the defense and security markets, including
high value asset protection, marine domain awareness, security perimeter, mine counter measures and explosive ordinance disposal, anti-submarine
warfare, and border security. Multiple WAM-V s can also autonomously work together to provide a security perimeter
and coordinate to intercept suspicious vessels and provide valuable information before the threat gets near the protected asset. The
portability of the WAM-V provides quick relocation of the entire system by air, sea or ground and the scalability of
the WAM-V technology means that a common platform can be used for multiple missions with varying requirements. Our platforms
and systems are designed to be operated in compliance with our customers and our internal cybersecurity standards and integrate
with our customers command and control systems C2 ). Additionally, we actively manage cybersecurity at the corporate
level. 

IUU
fishing has become a global issue with both environmental and economic consequences. According to a report published in Science Advances
by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, it is estimated the global economic impact from illegal fishing to be as
high as 50 billion. Most exclusive economic zone monitoring is done by offshore patrol vessels OPV ), which is one of
the fastest growing naval product markets. We believe that our autonomous MDAS solution, which can be combined with mobile assets such
as our WAM-V or satellite imagery, can deliver substantial economic impact to governments over incumbent solutions in securing remote
fisheries and MPAs. In the U.S. specifically, IUU fishing is considered a major maritime threat by the DHS. 

9 

Offshore
Oil and Gas 

We
believe the offshore oil and gas industry is undergoing a significant transformation as it continues to invest in new technologies
that enable carbon reduction, cost savings, and the electrification and digitization of operations. There are over 10,000 offshore
oil and gas platforms worldwide, including exploration, production, reservoir management, and sites pending decommissioning based on
information from organizations such as the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management BOEM and industry organizations
and publications. Driven by the growing demand for electrification, we believe that we have opportunities to implement one or more
buoys at some of these sites to displace current power solutions or augment existing technologies. Customer feedback obtained
through engineering studies with multiple oil and gas customers has helped identify target applications for our buoys 
namely, temporary power and control communications for subsea fields experiencing umbilical degradation and subsea docking stations
for future resident ROV/AUV applications for inspection, maintenance, and repair. The market for remote and autonomous charging of
subsea assets, such as ROVs and AUVs, is rapidly taking shape. Based on various reports, other applications in the oil and gas
market include providing power to unmanned platforms and area surveillance during decommissioning activities. Although estimates
vary in these reports, they generally point towards more than 2,000 platforms (and corresponding wells) that need to be
decommissioned over the next 10 years across the globe. We see this market materializing primarily in the North Sea and regions such
as Brazil and Australia. Furthermore, there is an increasing market demand for providing interim power and control solutions for
tiebacks where umbilicals are exhibiting failures. In addition, we believe the survey capability afforded by our WAM-V s 
is perfectly suited to serve a broad range of survey needs of the oil and gas industry often required for permit obtainment. WAM-V stability produces excellent
sonar data quality in higher sea conditions than comparably sized vessels and can be used as a force multiplier to existing manned
assets or as the sole deployment tool. WAM-V s can be outfitted with various sonar solutions depending on requirements
and identify any underwater obstacles or hazards. 

Marine
Charting 

Since
2019, WAM-Vs have been used in support of nautical charting efforts for NOAA-backed projects in the Great Lakes and Western Alaska.
WAM-V s are teamed up with manned assets to provide enhanced capability when compared to a manned asset. This capability
improves the production efficiency of the project as well as lowers the overall carbon footprint. 

Science
and Research 

The
science and research market provides environmental intelligence to the entire ocean enterprise, which supports ocean measurement, observation
and forecasting, and is an important provider of information to maritime commerce and the entire blue economy. Maritime
commerce and the scientific community depend on information in areas such as meteorology, climate change, ocean currents, and biological
processes to inform operations and development. These groups often require a power and communications solution in remote offshore locations.
Additionally, the increased interest in protecting marine habitats offers opportunities to collaborate with governments and NGOs to monitor
marine sanctuaries. 

Offshore
Wind and Other Markets 

Opportunities
also exist in other markets such as supporting offshore wind farm development and aquaculture. Based on an article in the 2021 edition
of the Offshore Wind Market by the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), the U.S. offshore wind energy and product development pipeline grew to a potential generating
capacity of 35,324 megawatts in 2020. 

The
offshore wind fleet is forecast to grow 15-fold by 2040 and move further offshore with Europe alone connecting over 500 turbines in 2019.
While these turbines develop significant power, there are opportunities pre-installation of the turbines to autonomously collect ocean
data during the early stages and monitor marine habitats during construction. There are also opportunities to support ongoing survey
work once wind farms are operational to mitigate carbon emissions and to provide communication stations for aerial drones providing maintenance
materials. Furthermore, the U.S. recently approved the permits for the first major utility scale offshore wind farm. Providing wave power
solutions to utility scale renewable developments offers an attractive proposition to support renewable power and autonomous operations.
Our solutions can support aquaculture development with systems such as species escape tracking, effluent monitoring, and other water
quality considerations. 

10 

Our
WAM-V s are currently used to perform sonar surveys that support the marine infrastructure required for offshore wind development
and installation. They can also assist during the planning and environmental permitting phase including metocean and environmental data
and mammal tracking. We can also protect operations through Maritime Domain Awareness to monitor operations and vessel traffic and motion
data analysis for predictive maintenance and safety. 

We
also provide offshore engineering, consulting, and design services for offshore wind, drilling contractors, defense contractors, construction
yards, engineering firms, and oil and gas, wave energy, and marine construction and service companies including design review, forensic
investigation, and expert witness services. 

Business
Strategy 

During
fiscal 2023, we continued to advance our marketing programs, products, and solutions. We have progressed from an R D focused
organization to an organization with robust commercialization efforts, and we are moving further into the ocean DaaS and RaaS
markets. We intend to build on these efforts by introducing additional processes and making investments in appropriate human
capital, operations, and manufacturing capabilities. In support of one of our key markets, we recently added a defense specific
sales team, including veterans from the U.S. Navy, Swedish Navy, and U.S. Intelligence Community to navigate domestic and
international markets. In addition, we are focusing on customer care and service efforts to increase repeat business opportunities.
This strategy was further enhanced by our acquisition of MAR in November 2021. 

The
majority of the Company s potential customers are in areas of defense and security, hydrographic survey, oil and gas, offshore
wind, offshore and coastal communication networks, and MDA, including mitigation of IUU fishing, where the end use may be both domestic and abroad. Further, the Company s unmanned surface vehicle platform provides
opportunities in oil gas, renewable energy, hydrographic survey, and security and defense markets largely in North America and
Europe. 

Historically,
demonstration projects have been a requisite step towards broad solution deployment and revenues associated with specific applications
such as our New Jersey MDAS test array as part of our DaaS solution and to highlight these capabilities. Customers may want their own
dedicated demonstration depending on customer needs. During a typical demonstration project s specification, negotiation and evaluation
period, we are often subject to the prospective customer s vendor qualification process, which entails substantial due diligence
of the Company and its capabilities. Such demonstrations are often a required step prior to leasing and may include negotiation of standard
terms and conditions. Many proposals contain provisions which would provide the option to purchase or lease our PowerBuoy or WAM-V 
product upon successful conclusion of the demonstration project. The Company maintains a fleet of WAM-Vs dedicated to demonstrations
and has successfully demonstrated the capabilities of many of its solutions on its own or in customer-sponsored evaluation projects and
remains focused on further demonstrations to build customer awareness and confidence and to drive revenue. 

The
Company is pursuing a long-term growth strategy to expand its market value proposition while growing the Company s revenue base.
This strategy includes partnerships with leading companies and organizations in adjacent and complementary markets. We continue to develop
our PowerBuoy and WAM-V products for use in offshore power, data acquisition, and real-time data communications applications,
and in order to achieve this goal, we are pursuing the following business objectives: 

Integrated
 turn-key solutions, purchases or leases. We believe our DaaS, RaaS and PaaS solutions, together with our platforms, are well suited
 to enable unmanned, autonomous (non-grid connected) offshore applications, such as topside and subsea surveillance and
 communications, surveying, subsea equipment monitoring, early warning systems platform, subsea power and buffering, and weather and
 climate data collection. We have investigated and realized market demand for some of these solutions, and we intend to sell and/or
 lease our products to these markets as part of these broader integrated solutions. Additionally, we intend to provide services
 associated with our solution offerings such as paid engineering studies, value-added engineering, maintenance, remote monitoring and
 diagnostics, application engineering, planning, training, project management, and marine and logistics support required for our
 solution life cycle. We continue to increase our commercial capabilities through new hires in sales, engineering, product
 development, safety, operations, manufacturing, and application support, and through engagement of expert market consultants in
 various geographies. As our MDAS development continues, we expect that this will also include data and cloud services. 

11 

Expand
 customer system solution offerings through new complementary products that enable more cost-efficient deployments that make shorter
 missions more feasible. We are continuously innovating new solutions to deliver enhanced value to our customers, such as enhancing
 our MDAS and improving our deployment platforms solutions, such as our PowerBuoys and WAM-Vs . During fiscal 2024, we expect
 to complete development of our next generation PowerBuoy that incorporates wave, wind, and solar power generation
 capabilities in a robust yet cost effective system that supports shorter term missions as well as the ability to operate in near
 shore and low wave environments. This effort is partially funded by the DOE SBIR Phase II award. In addition, we have future plans
 to integrate PowerBuoy and WAM-V capabilities, including future development of WAM-V recharging from a PowerBuoy ,
 and MDAS capabilities to include our WAM-Vs , thus extending our reach and providing both fixed and mobile MDAS offerings to
 our customers. 

Our
 WAM-Vs are increasingly focused on the defense and security, hydrographic survey, and surveillance industries and well positioned
 to capitalize on the growing demand for unmanned surface vehicles to provide maritime safety, security, and awareness of what is
 happening in the maritime domain, including surveillance, detection, classification, and identification. The ability of our WAM-Vs 
 to handle various payloads allows us to target navigation surveys, marine infrastructure surveys, berth clearance surveys, dredging
 surveys, and mining pit surveys. Near-term future markets for our WAM-Vs include the use of WAM-Vs for the launch of aerial
 drones and underwater survey equipment. WAM-Vs are easily and economically shipped via land, air, or sea, and their modular
 design enables us to quickly reduce their size for storage or shipment. The ability to disassemble a WAM-V reduces the footprint
 by as much as 75 , and as a result, a 20-foot container can hold four 16-foot WAM-Vs . In addition, our 8-foot WAM-V can
 be checked as baggage on a standard commercial flight. To integrate our solutions and add roaming as an option or enhancement to
 our MDAS, we are advancing developments to further integrate MDAS into the WAM-V platform and develop additional autonomy capabilities. 

Focus
 sales efforts on key global markets in the U.S., Europe, Canada, Asia and Australia. While we are marketing our products and services
 globally, we have focused on several key markets and applications, including U.S. and foreign defense and security applications with
 our MDAS offering; subsea power for oil and gas; and the hydrographic survey market with regard to our WAM-Vs . We believe that
 each of these areas has demand for our solutions, sizable end market opportunities, and high levels of industrialization and economic
 development. Our headquarters in Monroe Township, New Jersey and our offices in Houston, Texas and Richmond, California enable us
 to support our customers and strengthen our dialogue with our solution partners. 

Expand
 our relationships in key market areas through strategic partnerships and collaborations. We believe that strategic partners are an
 important part of expanding visibility to our products. Partnerships and collaborations can be used to improve the development of
 overall integrated solutions, create new market channels, expand commercial know-how and geographic footprint, and bolster our product
 delivery capabilities. We have formed such a relationship with several well-known groups, and we continue to seek other opportunities
 to collaborate with application experts from within our selected markets. These partnerships have helped us source services, such
 as installation expertise, and products, such as MDA enabling equipment, to meet our development and customer obligations. We have
 been actively pursuing additional opportunities to bring in-house skills, capabilities, and solutions that are complementary to our
 strategy and enable us to scale more quickly. 

12 

Partner
 with fabrication, deployment and service contractors. In order to minimize our capital requirements as we scale our business, we
 intend to optimize and utilize state of the art fabrication, anchoring, mooring, cabling supply, and in some cases, deployment of
 our products and solutions. We believe this domestically distributed manufacturing and assembly approach enables us to focus on our
 core competencies and ensure a cost-effective product by leveraging a larger more established supply base. We continue to seek strategic
 partnerships regarding servicing of our products and solutions. 

Survey
 and security market applications. Through our WAM-V products, we can increase our ability to lease vehicles specifically
 to support shoreline and offshore survey markets as well as security applications while integrating MDA into these solutions. 

Marketing
and Sales 

We
continue to enhance our marketing capabilities across our target markets, and we are actively marketing our products and solutions. We
currently use a direct sales force consisting of employees. During fiscal 2023 we significantly added to the depth and breadth of our
sales and marketing team through the creation of three new roles focusing on the defense and security markets, both in the U.S. and internationally.
Each role was filled by individuals within excess of 25 years serving the U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Intelligence, and international
defense and security markets. We believe the addition of this deep industry knowledge positions us well for success in these markets
in fiscal 2024 and beyond. Because some of our solutions use technology that is not yet fully adopted by customers within our target
markets in every case, we expect that the customer decision process will continue to include substantial time educating end-users and
stakeholders, which may result in a continued lengthy sales cycle. 

One
of the primary ways we showcase our Company, products, services and expertise is through demonstrations, conferences, and selective
use of trade shows. We utilize our database to select conferences and trade shows where we will have the most effective visibility
to our potential clients. During fiscal 2024, we have plans to continue to attend and present at various demonstrations,
conferences, and trade shows in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. 

Additionally,
we seek to enter strategic relationships to develop application solutions with commercial and military sensor and equipment manufacturers. 

Competition 

We
expect to compete with other providers in the DaaS, RaaS, PaaS, and Strategic Consulting industries. Our Data as a Service solution competes
with other data acquisition companies in a variety of industries, from sensor and measurement equipment providers to other providers
of autonomous vehicles. 

Our
Power as a Service solution competes with other offshore autonomous power sources, primarily consisting of subsea batteries, solar and
fossil-fuel power sources, where many of the providers are substantially larger than us and may have access to greater financial resources.
Incumbent sources of offshore power may also represent established and reliable power sources and may have already gained customer acceptance.
Our ability to compete successfully for business from applications seeking offshore power will depend on (a) our ability to produce and
store energy reliably and at a total cost that is competitive with or lower than that of other sources, and (b) the demonstrated reliability
of our products and positive customer perception of our company. We also may have the opportunity to cooperate with other solution providers,
such as other suppliers of subsea batteries where our PowerBuoys could provide recharging capabilities or other providers of autonomous
surface or underwater vehicles where our PowerBuoys could provide charging and enhanced communications capabilities. 

The
vast majority of the companies in the DOE s wave energy converter database are small, early-stage companies with a limited
number of employees that do not have our in-ocean validation experience. Only a few of these companies have conducted testing
similar to ours, such as accelerated life testing and extensive wave tank testing on small-scale models of their devices. We believe
our in-ocean experience is critical towards proving the reliability, survivability and performance of any wave energy system, which
we believe our future customers will require before adopting any wave generated energy solution. It is our belief that experience
gained through full scale in-ocean deployments, coupled with other types of factory and laboratory testing, and our resulting
understanding of risks and failure modes provides us with an advantage compared to potential wave energy competitors. 

13 

Competition
for the WAM-V product line and RaaS solution includes companies which market solutions as autonomous surface
vehicles ASVs and unmanned surface vehicles USVs ). There are several established competitors in this
space, with the pace of new entrants increasing in-line with the expanding market opportunities. Through our ongoing product
development and building upon our years of commercial deployment data, we believe that we continue to maintain a first mover
advantage in the smaller scale autonomous offshore power market. 

Our
Strategic Consulting Services group competes with specialized offshore engineering firms. These include large and small engineering
firms that specialize in naval architecture, structural engineering, and hydrodynamics as applied to the design of jack-ups, wind
turbine installation vessels, and semi-submersibles. 

We
continuously monitor non-traditional competitive threats, such as multi-domain drones and artificial intelligence tools utilizing satellite
data. We are in active discussions with companies in these markets to evaluate synergistic solution development where we believe there
may be a demand for cooperative solutions. 

Commercial
Activities 

We
continue to seek new strategic relationships and further develop our existing partnerships. We collaborate with companies that have developed
or are developing in-ocean applications requiring a persistent source of power that is also capable of real time data collection, processing
and communication, to address potential customer needs. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 Company had two and four customers
whose revenues accounted for at least 10 of the Company s consolidated revenues, respectively. These revenues accounted for approximately
32 and 49 of the Company s total revenue for the respective periods. 

In
order to achieve success in ongoing efforts to commercialize our products, we must expand our customer base and obtain commercial contracts
to lease or sell our solutions and services to customers. Our potential customer base for our solutions includes various public and private
entities, and agencies that require remote offshore power. 

Current
and Recent Contracts 

The
 Company has obtained contracts to build WAM-Vs for Brigham Young University, Nippon Kaiyo, Australian Defense, S.T. Hudson,
 and Applied Research Lab at University of Hawaii, in addition to leased WAM-Vs to Sulmara and other commercial customers and
 universities as well as government related projects such as Task Force 59 and IMX. 

In
 October 2022, we entered into a contract with WildAid to further develop capabilities to combat IUU fishing. This is the third consecutive
 year that OPT has been selected for this work. 

In
 fiscal year 2022, the Company completed a Phase I study for the Department of Energy (DOE) Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR)
 program, evaluating the feasibility of the next generation wave energy conversion technology. In Q2 fiscal year 2023, the Company
 was awarded a Phase II contract, providing funding for the detailed design, construction, and in-water testing of the initial prototype
 for this next generation wave energy system. The program commenced in Q3 fiscal year 2023 and will extend through Q4 fiscal year
 2024. 

14 

During
 fiscal 2023 our Strategic Consulting services continued to generate opportunities from both existing and new customers. Notably, we advanced several large projects in the pipeline with larger oil and gas operators and offshore wind developers.

In
 May 2022, the Company entered into a contract with a major oil and gas operator to evaluate the use of WEC systems to help decarbonize
 their offshore operations. The feasibility study was completed in the second quarter of fiscal year 2023 and discussions continue
 to identify opportunities to demonstrate wave conversion technology in support of various applications supporting offshore oil and
 gas operations. 

In
 September 2022, the Company entered into a contract with a major U.S. government services contractor to demonstrate our MDAS capabilities.
 The scope includes supply of a PB3 equipped with MDAS and a deepwater mooring system, as well as technical support for offshore installation
 of the system. The system will be deployed for a 9-month demonstration, scheduled to be compete for the fourth quarter of fiscal
 year 2024. 

In
 August 2022, we received a NOAA Phase I SBIR Grant for research related to dynamic swarming of USVs for hydrographic survey in post
 disaster recovery efforts. 

In
 September 2022, the Company was part of a group awarded funding by the DOE to develop advanced autonomous robotic technology for
 environmental monitoring of marine ecosystems, at and below the waterline, at offshore wind power sites on the West Coast of the
 U.S.. 

In
 September 2019, we entered into two contracts with subsidiaries of EGP, which included the sale of a PB3 and the development and
 supply of a turn-key integrated Open Sea Lab OSL which was the Company s first deployment off the coast of
 Chile. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors, force majeure was declared in April 2020 and delayed the deployment. In April
 2021, the Company resumed the deployment process and placed the PB3 in the water. During fiscal 2022, deployment of the PB3 was completed.
 Final Acceptance was achieved in January 2023 upon satisfactory installation. The customer paid their final invoice and released
 the letter of credit. Our warranty obligations extend through January 2024 and are secured by a letter of credit. 

Business
Relationships 

We
believe that our solutions are best developed, sold, deployed, and maintained together with subject matter experts in their respective
fields. This enables the Company to protect, maintain, and evolve our various platforms and integrate them with surface and subsea payloads.
The Company has previously entered into business relationships focused on including, but not limited to, deployment and installations,
sourcing of surface payloads, and integration with autonomous vehicles. To augment our own internal software development team and further
develop the MDAS, we maintain ongoing strategic software and robotics partnerships with two software companies, Greensea Systems, Inc.
and Fathom5. We believe the business relationships with Greensea and Fathom5 will further the development, alongside our internal technology
resources, of our next-generation MDAS product for the maritime industrial market and governmental defense and security organizations. 

Greensea
Systems, Inc. is contributing to the Company s MDAS by providing integration software, control software, autonomy, and systems integration
for the buoy sensor payload. 

Fathom5
designed and is building a customized data platform that supports the Company s MDAS with sensor data feed management, secure communications
management, a cloud-based infrastructure, and web-based user interface. The platform was designed with a flexible architecture that allows
the Company to integrate new sensor technologies and third-party analytics capabilities and share MDAS data with customers and partners. 

15 

We
also maintain an active dialogue with several offshore specialists and marine operations partners in the North Sea and North America
to support our deployment, maintenance, and recovery operations and projects. 

Backlog 

As
of April 30, 2023, the Company s backlog was 4.0 million. As of April 30, 2022, the backlog was 0.6 million. Our backlog can
include unfilled firm orders for our products and services from commercial or governmental customers. If any of our contracts were
to be terminated, our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the remaining terms of such contract. 

The
amount of contract backlog is not necessarily indicative of future revenue because modifications to or terminations of present contracts
and production delays can provide additional revenue or reduce anticipated revenue. A substantial portion of our revenues is recognized
using the input method used to measure completion over time of customer contracts, and changes in estimates from time to time may have
a significant effect on revenue and backlog. Our backlog is also typically subject to large variations from time to time due to the timing
of new awards. 

Research
and Development 

MDAS 

Expanding
on our experience with our own initial prototype Marine Surveillance Solutions MSS system, we intend for the
development of the next generation MDAS, which will combine radar, marine AIS and camera data with a custom developed command and
control system to provide actionable information for our end users. We believe the sensor suite will be a combination of marine
environment tested off-the-shelf components selected to optimize performance and cost. 

This
system could be utilized as a standalone node or in an array, which will provide near real-time information about the marine activity
within a customer s area of interest. 

PB3
PowerBuoy 

During
fiscal 2023, we improved PB3 efficiency, reliability, and power output. We have also reduced the cost of our PB3 systems and their deployment
while increasing the capabilities of the systems by designing flexible interfaces and rendering them sensor and payload agnostic. Further,
we are working to integrate PB3 and WAM-V capabilities by adding WAM-V recharging capabilities to our PB3 s
and MDAS capabilities to our WAM-V s , thus extending WAM-V endurance, our reach, and providing both
fixed and mobile MDAS offerings to our customers. We now consider the PB3 to be a mature system, thus the Company expects to incur limited
expenses related to PB3 development and improvements. 

During
fiscal 2023, we began the development of the NextGen PowerBuoy , which will incorporate lessons learned and customer feedback from
various deployments of the PB3, prototype buoys, and test buoys to optimize power generation through hybridization of renewable
energy sources and lower installed cost of the system. Once the next generation PowerBuoy is fully commercialized we plan to de-emphasize
next generation system research and development. 

WAM-V 

We
will continue to develop the capabilities of the WAM-V 8, WAM-V 16, and WAM-V 22 variants for the marine survey and defense
 security markets. Control systems development will continue to provide additional features based on feedback from existing customers
as well as our gained experience in our RaaS offering. Additionally, we will continue to develop and enhance our obstacle detection and
obstacle avoidance capabilities, further advancing our progress towards full Convention on the International Regulations for Preventing
Collisions at Sea (COLREGS) compliance (an international agreement that sets out the rules of the road for ships and other vessels at
sea). We also see a growing market for launch and recovery systems and are working to integrate such systems into our WAM-Vs . 

16 

Intellectual
Property 

We
believe that our experience differentiates us from other providers of DaaS, RaaS, PaaS, and WEC technologies. As a result, our success
depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain protection of our proprietary products, technology, and know-how, to operate without
infringing upon the rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing upon our rights. Our policy is to protect our position by,
among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to our patented technology, inventions and improvements that
are important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, and continuous technological innovation and
may rely on licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our competitive position. 

As
of April 30, 2023, we have been issued 70 U.S. patents, of which 38 are active, 20 have expired and 12 were abandoned. Outside of the
U.S., we have been issued 280 patents across 25 countries with 26 of the active U.S. patents having at least one corresponding issued
foreign patent. Our patent portfolio includes patents and patent applications with claims directed to: 

System
 design, including buoy, battery chargers, generators, power take off, printed circuit boards, and WEC; 

WEC
 control systems; 

Wave
 power and thermal motor power conversion; 

Buoy
 anchoring and mooring design and power cable connection; 

Wave
 WEC farm architecture; 

Systems and methods for vehicle charging; and 

WAM-V 
 technology. 

The
expiration dates for our issued U.S. patents range from fiscal year ending 2024 to 2041. We do not consider any single patent or patent application that
we hold to be material to our business. The patent positions of companies like ours are generally uncertain and involve complex legal
and factual questions. Our ability to maintain and solidify our proprietary position for our technology will depend on our success in
continuing to obtain effective patent claims and enforcing those claims once granted. In addition, certain technologies that we developed
with U.S. federal government funding are subject to certain government rights as described in Risk Factors - Risks Related to
Intellectual Property. 

We
use trademarks on nearly all our products and believe that having distinctive marks is an important factor in marketing our products.
We have registered our PowerBuoy , PB-Vue , PowerTower , Making Waves in Power ,
Talk on Water , and WAM-V trademarks in the United States. Trademark ownership is generally of indefinite
duration when marks are properly maintained in commercial use. 

Regulation 

Our
products are subject to regulation in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions concerning, among other areas, site approval, use
restrictions, and environmental approval and compliance. These regulations are adopted or updated on a regular basis, especially
because our products include cutting-edge technology that is often changing faster than the regulations can be adopted or amended.
Because we operate in many jurisdictions, we may fail to become aware of new regulations or changes to existing regulations that
could impact or limit our ability to offer our product in these jurisdictions. 

WAM-Vs 
are subject to a patchwork of rules and regulations in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions concerning the operation of autonomous and
unmanned surface vehicles. Often, rules and regulations specific to autonomous, unmanned, and/or unmanned surface vehicles do not
exist or are not explicitly defined. We advise our customers to always follow the rules and regulations as they apply in the jurisdiction
in which they are operating. 

The
renewable energy industry has also been subject to increasing regulation. As both the renewable energy and wave energy industries continue
to evolve, we anticipate that wave energy technology and our PowerBuoys and their deployment will be subject to increased oversight
and regulation in accordance with international, national, and local regulations relating to safety, site approval, and environmental
protection. 

17 

Site
Approval. In the U.S., federal agencies regulate the siting of long-term renewable energy projects and related-uses located on the
outer continental shelf OCS ), which is generally more than three miles offshore. OCS projects longer than one-year in
duration are regulated by the U.S. Bureau of Ocean Energy Management BOEM ). For projects located within three miles of
the U.S. shore, regardless of duration, the adjacent state would be responsible for issuing a lease and other required authorizations
for the location of the project. Generally, the same process applies to foreign sites where site approval is contingent on meeting both
national and local regulatory and environmental requirements. In connection with issuing permits or leases enabling project use, the
respective government agency often requires site restoration or other activities at the conclusion of the permit or lease period. 

Environmental
Approval, Compliance, and Health and Safety. We are subject to various foreign, federal, state, and local environmental protection
and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things: the generation, storage, handling, use and transportation of
hazardous materials; the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air or water; and the health and safety of our
employees. 

Subsidies
and Incentives. Renewable energy subsidies and incentives are generally applicable only to electric generation and supply to the
utility grid. However, our autonomous applications may result in a reduction of carbon emissions, which our potential customers may be
able to publicize in their environmental stewardship reports upon our review and permission. 

Manufacturing 

Our
core in-house manufacturing activity includes the assembly, final systems integration and testing of our products and components, which
is conducted at our New Jersey headquarters and at our California facility. 

Our
corporate headquarters and most of our manufacturing operations are located in Monroe Township, New Jersey. This facility offers
approximately 56,000 square feet of manufacturing and office space and allows for expansion of our manufacturing capabilities and a
move toward higher volume production of our solutions. During fiscal year 2022 we began the process of transferring most of the
manufacturing activity related to our WAM-Vs from our Richmond, California facility to our New Jersey headquarters. This
manufacturing transfer is expected to be completed in early fiscal 2024 and will allow us to scale our WAM-V manufacturing
using existing available facilities. We believe our current manufacturing facilities are suitable, adequate and provide productive
capacity for the Company. In April 2023 we entered into a lease for a new facility in Richmond, CA, providing improved resources for
research and development activity as well as surge manufacturing and on water testing capability. 

Human
Capital 

The
Company believes that its future success is dependent in part on its continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified
personnel. Therefore, investing in, developing, and maintaining human capital is critical to our success. On April 30, 2023, the
Company had 72 full-time employees as compared to 54 on April 30, 2022. Our locations at the Atlantic, Pacific, and Gulf Coast
enable us to attract and retain a broad set of employees with valuable skillsets. None of the Company s employees are covered
by collective bargaining agreements. The Company is an equal opportunity employer, and as such, provides equal employment
opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, ancestry, national origin,
citizenship, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, and pregnancy-related conditions), gender identity or expression
(including transgender status), sexual orientation, marital status, religion, age, disability, genetic information, service in the
military, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws and ordinances. At OPT, we foster a
culture of inclusion, embrace diversity, and seek to listen without judgement to all voices and opinions. OPT is committed to
creating and maintaining a workplace in which all employees have an opportunity to participate and contribute to the success of the
business and are valued for their skills, experience, and unique perspectives. Association with OPT involves participation in a
community where people are recognized and rewarded based on individual qualifications and abilities. This commitment is embodied in
company policy and the way we do business and is an important principle of sound business management. We believe that providing our
employees with the appropriate resources will allow our employees to use their creativity and talent to invent new solutions, meet
new demands, and offer the most effective services/products in the industry. 

18 

The
Company is committed to providing its employees with a healthy and safe work environment, which include policies to guide our
efforts. We take a proactive approach to the identification and control of environment, health and safety hazards and risks. We work
to continuously improve our Quality, Health, Safety, and Environment QHSE performance through methodologies that aim
to prevent workplace injuries and illness, emphasize quality production, and provide ongoing safety education to employees. On June
2, 2021, the Company achieved ISO 45001 certification from Bureau Veritas (BV) for a 3-year term for its New Jersey location. During
fiscal 2024, we plan to expand this certification to include our new Richmond, CA facility and our Houston, TX facility. ISO 45001
is an international occupation health and safety certification. We also recently passed our annual external audit from BV related to
this certification. The safety management system provides procedures to enhance our safety profile and reduce incidents, so that all
our employees go home safely every day. Our focus over the next year will be on implementing stop work authority, identification of
hazards and risks whether at sea or in the shop, identification of lagging and leading indicators, and performance of quality
investigations. Our long-term goal is to become a generative QHSE culture. During fiscal 2023 the Company began work to become ISO
9001 certified for all our locations and expects to obtain this certification during fiscal 2025. 

ESG 

The
Company recognizes the importance of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) as essential elements to its success, delivering
products that help reduce our customers carbon emission and preserve our oceans natural resources. As such, our Board
of Directors has established an Environmental and Sustainability Committee (ES), which assists the Board of Directors in fulfilling its
oversight responsibilities by assessing the effectiveness of the Company s programs and initiatives that support environmental
stewardship, social responsibility, and sustainability policies, programs, and practices of the Company. The Company is committed to
delivering innovative products and solutions while simultaneously working with high integrity, quality, a strong governance culture
and respect for our employees, customers, vendors, and the people in the communities where we do business. In line with this
commitment, the Company s products and solutions support Sustainable Development Goal 14 (Goal 14 or SDG 14) which aims to protect and ensure
 life below water and is one of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals established by the United Nations in 2015.
The Company s product services align with this goal by offering a means to mitigate IUU fishing, collecting ocean data to support climate science research, and removing
carbon emitting energy sources from our oceans. The Company believes that consideration of ESG matters is important to how it, and its solutions and services
affect the environments, communities, and societies in which it operates around the world. By adhering to international, national,
and local customs, we believe we meet our governance obligations from the environment to personnel to safety. Despite our size, the
Company views itself as a responsible corporate citizen throughout the execution of its operations, as emphasized by its goal to
provide low-carbon power and data solutions for offshore industries, scientific research, and territorial security. It is the
Company s goal that all products have a minimal environmental impact footprint compared to alternative solutions. This
includes minimizing the emissions for both our facilities and products, implementing, and deploying a database to track our carbon
savings, utilizing renewable energy to power offshore data solutions, and providing products and solutions that monitor sensitive
ecological areas. Each deployed PB3 operating in place of fossil fuel-based power in PaaS applications can directly displace four
tonnes of carbon annually, or roughly the amount of carbon produced by two average automobiles. When combined with our MDAS for
applications typically serviced by a manned guard vessel powered by diesel fuel, this can indirectly displace more than 300 tonnes
of carbon for every 10 vessel days replaced, or the equivalent of removing more than 125 cars from the road. The WAM-Vs are
used in many applications, as described in previous sections, with one of the most common being hydrographic surveys. WAM-Vs 
can either replace a manned vessel for near shore surveys or serve as a force multiplier to expand the range and speed of offshore
surveys for a manned survey vessel. Each survey vessel day replaced by a WAM-V can displace over 14 tonnes of carbon. Over a
full survey season, this could exceed 1300 tonnes of carbon displacement, the equivalent of more than 500 cars worth of annual
emissions. 

During
fiscal 2023, the Company worked with the NJ Clean Energy Program to conduct an energy audit and benchmarking report to compare our NJ
facility s energy usage to other commercial buildings in similar industries and provide recommendations to improve efficiencies.
The Company also performed an audit of the carbon footprint for all Company business travel. Carbon offsets were purchased which exceeded
the total carbon footprint of the annual NJ facility energy usage and Company wide business travel. During fiscal 2024, this audit will
be extended to cover the new California facility. 

19 

In
parallel, the Company has initiated an environmental impact assessment on our products, starting with the PB3, with a focus on the
potential of any environmental hazards of materials. Further data is being gathered around the PB3 to determine the risk to marine
life including risk associated with our batteries. For recent deployments, we received a permit from the US Army Corps of Engineers and confirmation from the United States Department of Commerce National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
that the PowerBuoy installation poses no material risk to marine life. Our batteries contain no toxic or rare
earth metals and have a minimal risk of fires or explosions. In the unlikely event that water comes into contract with live
batteries, wireless remote operation allows for the immediate discharge of energy to mitigate the risk of electrolysis that could
create an explosive mixture of hydrogen and oxygen within the buoy. Further research is being performed into hazardous materials
and any other risks related to our WAM-V product line, including risk associated with the batteries we use in this
product. 

Available
Information 

Our
annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are made
available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of the Company s website (www.oceanpowertechnologies.com) as soon
as practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Material contained on our website is not incorporated
by reference in this report. Our executive offices are located at 28 Engelhard Drive, Suite B, Monroe Township, New Jersey, 08831, and
our telephone number is (609) 730-0400. Since June 2021, our common stock has traded on the NYSE American exchange under the symbol OPTT ,
and previously, it traded on Nasdaq under the same symbol. The public may also read and copy any materials that we file with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The
public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains
an Internet website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC located at http://www.sec.gov . 

Business
Update Regarding Macroeconomic Conditions 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, policy changes, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations
may have a negative impact on our business. These adverse conditions could impact the spending budgets of our customers, and therefore
could adversely affect the sales of our products and services. 

We
will continue to monitor these conditions, and, if necessary, adjust our operations in response to these conditions. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, and in prior
periodic and current reports. If any of the following risks occur, they may materially harm our business and our financial condition
and results of operations. In this event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and your investment could be lost. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

We
have a history of operating losses and may not achieve or maintain profitability and positive cash flow. 

We
have incurred net losses since we began operations in 1994, including net losses of 26.3 million and 18.9 million in fiscal 2023 and
2022, respectively. As of April 30, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 280.1 million. Our losses to date have resulted primarily
from costs incurred in our research and development programs and from our selling, general and administrative costs. As we continue to
develop our proprietary technologies, we expect to continue to have a net loss and use of cash from operating activities unless or until
we achieve positive cash flow from the commercialization of our products and services. 

We
do not know whether we will be able to successfully commercialize our products and services or whether we can achieve profitability.
There is significant uncertainty about our ability to successfully commercialize our products in our targeted markets. Even if we do
achieve commercialization of our products and services and become profitable, we may not be able to achieve or, if achieved, sustain
profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. 

20 

We
may not be able to raise sufficient capital to continue to operate our business. 

Historically,
we have funded our business operations through sales of equity securities. We have raised approximately 80.6 million since April 30,
2020, and had an unrestricted cash and short-term investments balance of 34.7 million as of April 30, 2023. While we believe that this
is sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable future, we do not know whether we will be able to secure additional funding
if needed in the future or, if secured, whether the terms will be favorable to us or our investors. Our ability to obtain additional
funding will be subject to several factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, litigation, and investor sentiment.
These factors may make additional funding unavailable, or the timing, dollar amount, and terms and conditions of additional funding unattractive. 

If
we issue additional securities to raise capital, our existing shareholders could experience dilution or may be subordinated to any rights,
preferences or privileges granted to the new security holders. Any new securities issued could have rights senior to those
associated with our common stock and could contain covenants that could restrict our operations. Should the financing we require to sustain
our working capital needs be unavailable or prohibitively expensive when we require it, our business, operating results, financial condition,
and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
business could be affected by macroeconomic risks. 

The
Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. Macroeconomic conditions,
including inflation, slower growth or recession, changes to fiscal and monetary policy, tighter credit, higher interest rates, high unemployment
and currency fluctuations can materially and adversely affect demand for the Company s products and services. In addition, confidence
and spending can be materially adversely affected in response to financial market volatility, negative financial news, declines in income
or asset values, energy market dislocations and cost increases, labor and healthcare costs and other economic factors. An adverse impact on demand
for the Company s products, uncertainty about, or a decline in, global or regional economic conditions can have a significant impact
on the Company s suppliers and other partners. Potential effects include financial instability; inability to obtain credit to finance
operations and purchases of the Company s products; and insolvency. We cannot predict the timing or scale of these various macroeconomic
conditions, but they could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

COVID-19
has, and could continue to, adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 outbreak caused significant disruption in the financial markets and supply chains both globally and in the U.S., as well as
increased travel restrictions and disruption and shutdown of certain businesses in the U.S. and abroad, including disruptions to our
own business. Future pandemics could cause changes in customer behavior, more employees working from home, and less frequent travel for
sales and customer meetings, including dealing with potential regulatory limitations on domestic and international travel. Our business
benefits from in-person demonstrations and sales meetings. The extent to which future pandemics impact our results will ultimately depend
on future developments and will include future actions which may be taken by governments and businesses to attempt to contain them. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance
by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

We
currently maintain cash balances in accounts at U.S. financial institutions that we believe are high quality. These accounts are in
non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing operating accounts and may, from time to time, exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC insurance limits. If such banking institutions were to fail, we could lose all or a portion of
those amounts held more than such insurance limitations. In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults,
non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, our third-party vendors and counterparties or
other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any
events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 

21 

Although
we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements
in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our respective current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired
by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or
economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform
obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial
services industry or financial markets or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services
industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or
business relationships but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs, and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to
credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire future financing or access to capital on acceptable
terms or at all. As the ability to access capital has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, one of our primary sources
of liquidity, any adverse impacts on our ability to access such credit and liquidity sources as a result of adverse developments affecting
the financial services industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations. 

Currency
translation and transaction risk may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
reporting currency is the U.S. dollar, however sometimes we incur costs in the local currency of countries in which our customers
and suppliers are located. As a result, we are subject to currency translation risk. A percentage of our revenues have historically
been generated outside the U.S. and can be denominated in foreign currencies of our customers. Changes in exchange rates between
foreign currencies and the U.S. dollar could affect our revenues and cost of revenues and could result in exchange losses. We cannot
accurately predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on the results of our operations. Currently, we do not engage in
any exchange rate hedging activities and, as a result, any volatility in currency exchange rates may have an immediate adverse
effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Growth of Our Business 

If
sufficient demand for our solutions and services or new products does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our
revenue generation will be limited, and it is unlikely that we will be able to achieve and, if achieved, then sustain profitability. 

Even
if wave energy and maritime domain awareness technology achieve broad commercial acceptance, our products, including our MDAS offering,
PowerBuoys and WAM-V autonomous surface vessels may not prove to be commercially viable technologies. We have invested
a significant portion of our time and financial resources since our inception in the development of our PowerBuoys but have not
yet achieved successful large scale or profitable commercialization of our PowerBuoys . We have also added the WAM-V 
 product line, but we have not achieved profitability of this product line. As we seek to manufacture, market, sell and deploy our
PowerBuoys and WAM-Vs in greater quantities, we may encounter unforeseen hurdles that would limit the commercial
viability of these products, including unanticipated manufacturing, deployment, operating, maintenance, and other costs. We may also encounter
technical obstacles to deploying, operating, and maintaining PowerBuoys , WAM-Vs , or other products. 

If
demand for our solutions and products fails to develop sufficiently, it is unlikely that we will be able to grow our business or generate
sufficient revenues. 

22 

In
addition, if we are not successful in commercializing our new solutions and products, or are significantly delayed in doing so, our business,
financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 

If
we are unable to attract and retain management and other qualified personnel, we may not be able to achieve our business objectives. 

Our
success depends on the skills, experience and efforts of our management and other key product development, manufacturing, and sales and
marketing employees. We cannot be certain that we will be able to attract, retain and motivate such employees. The loss of the services
of one or more of these employees could have a material adverse effect on our business. There is a risk that we will not be able to retain
or replace these key employees. Implementation of our business plans will be highly dependent upon our ability to hire and retain senior
executives as well as talented staff in various fields of expertise. 

We
made several changes to our senior management team in fiscal 2023. Changes in senior management are inherently disruptive, and efforts
to implement any new strategic or operating goals may not succeed in the absence of a long-term management team. Changes to strategic
or operating goals stemming from the appointment of new executives may themselves prove to be disruptive. Periods of transition in senior
management leadership are often difficult as new executives gain detailed knowledge of our operations. Cultural differences may also
impact changes in strategy and style. Without consistent and experienced leadership, customers, employees, suppliers, creditors, shareholders,
and others may lose confidence in us. 

To
be successful, we need to attract and retain key personnel. Qualified individuals, including engineers, software developers, project
managers and sales leadership, are in high demand, and we may incur significant costs to attract and retain them. All our employees
are at-will employees, which means they can terminate their employment relationship with us at any time, and their knowledge of our business
and industry would be difficult to replace. If we lose key personnel, or do not hire or retain other personnel for key positions, this
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

If
we are unable to effectively manage our growth, this could adversely affect our business and operations. 

The
scope of our operations to date has been limited, and we do not have experience operating on the scale that we believe may be necessary
to achieve profitable operations. We added two acquisitions over the last two fiscal years, adding operations in Texas and California
to our existing operations in New Jersey, without significantly increasing our support staff. Our current personnel, facilities, systems
and internal procedures and controls may not be adequate to support our future growth plans, which we expect to include organic growth
as well as additional acquisitions and partnerships. This factor, when combined with the technical complexity of some of our development
efforts, may result in our inability to meet certain customer expectations or deadlines and could result in an amendment to, or termination
of, customer contracts or relationships. To realize our desired growth, we may need to add sales, marketing, and engineering offices in
our existing and/or additional locations nationally or internationally, which may result in additional organizational complexity and
cost. 

To
manage the expansion of our operations, we may be required to improve our operational and financial systems, procedures, and controls,
increase our manufacturing capacity and expand, train and manage our employee base, which may need to increase significantly if we are
to be able to fulfill our current manufacturing and growth plans. Our management may also be required to maintain and expand our relationships
with customers, suppliers and other third parties, as well as attract new customers and suppliers. If we do not meet these challenges,
we may be unable to take advantage of market opportunities, execute our business strategies or respond to competitive pressures. 

If
we are unable to successfully negotiate and enter into service contracts with our customers on terms that are acceptable to us, our ability
to diversify our revenue stream will be impaired. 

An
important element of our business strategy is to enter into service contracts with our customers under which we would be paid fees for
services related to the maintenance and operation of our products purchased from us. In addition, we may offer to lease our products,
sell power generated by our products or sell data gathered by sensors on our products. Even if customers purchase or lease our products,
they may not enter into service contracts with us. We may not be able to negotiate service or other contracts that provide us with any
additional profit opportunities. Even if we successfully negotiate and enter into such service contracts, our customers may terminate
them prematurely, or they may not be profitable for a variety of reasons, including the presence of unforeseen hurdles or costs. In addition,
if we were unable to perform adequately under such service contracts, our efforts to successfully market our products could be impaired.
Any one of these outcomes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

23 

Failure
by third parties to supply or manufacture components of our products or to deploy our systems timely or properly could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
have been, and expect to continue to be, highly dependent on third parties to supply or manufacture components for our products. If,
for any reason, our third-party manufacturers or vendors are not willing or able to provide us with components or supplies in a timely
fashion, or at all, our ability to manufacture and sell many of our products could be impaired. For example, some of our manufacturers
have experienced staffing shortages due to COVID-19 and its variants as well as other factors, and this has delayed delivery times for
our products from time to time. Specifically, we have concerns about the delivery of semiconductors and specialty metals, which are necessary
to produce our products. Other global supply chain issues have caused our vendors to delay orders, or to request increased pricing that
we may not always be able to pass on to our customers. 

We
do not have long-term contracts with our third-party manufacturers or vendors. If we do not develop ongoing relationships with vendors
located in different regions, we may not be successful at controlling unit costs as our manufacturing volume increases. Additionally,
we may not be able to negotiate new arrangements with these third parties on acceptable terms, or at all. 

In
addition, we rely on third parties, under our oversight, for the deployment and mooring for products. We have utilized several different
deployment methods, including towing our products to the deployment location and transporting our products to the deployment location
by barge or offshore workboat. If these third parties do not properly deploy our systems, cannot effectively deploy the products on a
large, commercial scale, or otherwise do not perform adequately, or if we fail to recruit and retain third parties to deploy our systems
in particular geographic areas, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
targeted markets are competitive and highly complex. We compete against incumbent solutions already being utilized by our customers and potential
customers. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may be unable to increase our revenues and achieve or maintain profitability. 

Our
principal targeted markets include offshore oil and gas, defense and security, science and research, marine charter, and offshore wind.
In our targeted markets, which are highly competitive, we compete against incumbent power and maritime domain awareness solutions already
being utilized by our customers and potential customers. If we are unable to demonstrate to our customers and our potential customers
that our products and services are competitive and reliable to alternative solutions, or if it takes us longer to do so than we anticipate,
we may be unable to expand our business, maintain our competitive position, satisfy our contractual obligations, continue to commercialize
our products, or become profitable. In addition, if the cost associated with these development efforts exceeds our projections, our results
of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

In
addition, competition may arise from other companies manufacturing similar products, developing different products that produce energy
more efficiently than our products, or developing autonomous vehicles that perform better or have other characteristics that customers
prefer, could make our products less attractive or render them obsolete. If we are not successful in manufacturing systems and solutions
required for the application, we may not be able to respond effectively to competitive pressures from competing technologies or improvements
to existing technologies. If we are unable to respond effectively to such competitive forces, our business, financial condition, and results
of operations could be adversely affected. Our targeted markets are subject to their own inherent risks, and if those risks should materialize,
then our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

24 

We
market and plan to market our services and products in multiple international regions. If we are unable to manage our international operations
effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
market and plan to market our services and products in multiple global regions, including parts of North and South America, Europe, and
Asia, and we are therefore subject to risks associated with having international operations. Revenues from customers who are based outside
of the U.S. accounted for 88 of our revenues in fiscal 2023 and 84 of our revenues in fiscal 2022. Risks inherent in international
operations include, but are not limited to, the following: 

changes
 in general economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate; 

unexpected
 adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements, including those with respect to renewable energy, environmental protection,
 permitting, export duties and quotas; 

trade
 barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes and other restrictions and expenses, which could increase the prices of our
 products and make us less competitive in some countries; 

fluctuations
 in exchange rates that may affect demand for our products and may adversely affect our profitability in U.S. dollars to the extent
 the price of our products and cost of raw materials and labor are denominated in a foreign currency; 

difficulty
 with staffing and managing widespread operations, including managing the complexity of international labor laws as we send staff
 and hire consultants to support our international deployments; 

complexity
 of, and costs relating to compliance with, the different commercial and legal requirements of the overseas markets in which we offer
 and sell our products; 

inability
 to obtain, maintain or enforce intellectual property rights; and 

difficulty
 in enforcing agreements in foreign legal systems. 

Our
business in foreign markets requires us to respond to rapid changes in market conditions in these countries. Our overall success as a
global business depends, in part, on our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social, and political conditions.
We may not be able to develop and implement policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do business, which
in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The current economic environment, particularly
the macroeconomic pressures in certain European countries, may increase these risks. 

Failure
of our information systems or those of third parties or breaches of data security could cause significant harm to our business. 

Our
systems and processes involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal
information of employees, and possibly customers and others. In addition, we rely on information systems controlled by third parties.
Information system failures, network disruptions, and system and data security breaches, manipulation, destruction, ransom, or leakage,
whether intentional or accidental, could impair our ability to provide services to our customers or otherwise harm our ability to conduct
our business. Any such failures, disruptions or breaches could also impede the development, manufacture or shipment of products, interrupt
or delay processing of transactions and reporting financial results, result in theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other
assets, or result in the unintentional disclosure of personal, proprietary, sensitive, or confidential information of employees, customers,
and others. Our development and use of our MDAS platforms, cloud-based offerings, as well as our evolution toward DaaS, PaaS and RaaS
models require us to host increasing amounts of our own data as well as customer data and increases the risk that our and our customers 
data and financial and proprietary information could be more susceptible to such failures and data breaches. In addition, the need for
substantial numbers of our employees to work remotely, such as due to the COVID-19 pandemic, could create additional data security risks. 

25 

Cyber-security
breaches of our systems and information technology could adversely impact our ability to operate or meet contractual obligations. 

We
utilize, develop, install, and maintain a number of information technology systems. Various privacy and security laws require us to protect
sensitive and confidential information from disclosure. In addition, we are bound by our customers and other contracts, as well as our
own business practices, to protect confidential and proprietary information (whether it be ours or a third party s information
entrusted to us) from disclosure. Our computer systems, as well as those of our customers, contractors, and other vendors, face the threat
of unauthorized access, computer hackers, viruses, malicious code, cyber-attacks, phishing and other security incursions and system disruptions,
including attempts to improperly access our confidential and proprietary information, as well as the confidential and proprietary information
of our customers and other business partners. Industry-accepted security measures and technology to secure computer systems, and the
information stored by cloud vendors on these systems are subject to threats. For example, as we plan to receive projects from the U.S.
Department of Defense DoD ), we will have to meet their framework for establishing cyber security standards and best practices,
what they call Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification CMMC at various levels as we grow our business with DoD. There
can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent these threats, or that we will be able to secure appropriate certifications in this
area. Further, as these security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to devote additional resources to protect, prevent, detect,
and respond against such threats. A party who circumvents our security measures, or those of our customers, contractors, or other vendors,
could misappropriate confidential or proprietary information, improperly manipulate data, or cause damage or interruptions to systems.
If we are unable to protect sensitive information, our customers or governmental authorities could question the adequacy of our security
processes and procedures and our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including evolving government cyber security requirements
for government contractors. Any of these events could damage our reputation, result in litigation and regulatory fines and penalties,
or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Our
ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be limited . 

We
have federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards that are available to offset future taxable income. We may recognize
additional NOLs in the future. Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code imposes an annual
limitation on the amount of taxable income that may be offset by a corporation s NOLs if the corporation experiences an ownership
change as defined in Section 382 of the Code. An ownership change occurs when our five-percent shareholders (as
defined in Section 382 of the Code) collectively increase their ownership in OPT by more than 50 percentage points (by value) over a rolling
three-year period. Additionally, various states have similar limitations on the use of state NOLs following an ownership change. 

If
an ownership change occurs, the amount of the taxable income for any post-change year that may be offset by a pre-change loss is subject
to an annual limitation that is cumulative to the extent it is not all utilized in a year. This limitation is derived by multiplying
the fair market value of our stock as of the ownership change by the applicable federal long-term tax-exempt rate. To the extent that
a company has a net unrealized built-in gain at the time of an ownership change, which is realized or deemed recognized during the five-year
period following the ownership change, there is an increase in the annual limitation for each of the first five-years that is cumulative
to the extent it is not all utilized in a year. If an ownership change should occur in the future, our ability to use the NOL to offset
future taxable income will be subject to an annual limitation and will depend on the amount of taxable income generated by us in future
periods. There is no assurance that we will be able to fully utilize the NOL and we may be required to record an additional valuation
allowance related to the amount of the NOL that may not be realized, which could impact our result of operations. 

As
noted, we believe that these NOL carryforwards are a valuable asset for us. Consequently, we have a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation
Plan in place, to protect our NOLs during the effective period of the rights plan. Although the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is intended
to reduce the likelihood of an ownership change that could adversely affect us, there is no assurance that the restrictions
on transferability in the rights plan will prevent all transfers that could result in such an ownership change . The Tax
Benefits Preservation Plan could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or could discourage a third party from acquiring,
us or a large block of our common stock. A third party that acquires 4.9 or more of our common stock could suffer substantial dilution
of its ownership interest under the terms of the Tax Benefits Preservation Plan through the issuance of common stock or common stock
equivalents to all stockholders other than the acquiring person. The foregoing provisions may adversely affect the marketability of our
common stock by discouraging potential investors from acquiring our stock. In addition, these provisions could delay or frustrate the
removal of incumbent directors and could make more difficult a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us, or impede an attempt
to acquire a significant or controlling interest in us, even if such events might be beneficial to us and our stockholders. 

26 

Risks
Related to Product Development and Commercialization 

We
have only manufactured a limited number of PowerBuoys , and to date we have not produced these products in any significant quantity
for commercial production. These products do not have a sufficient operating history to accurately predict how they will perform over
their estimated useful life. 

To
date, we have only manufactured a limited number of PowerBuoys . As a result, our products may not have a sufficient operating history
to confirm how they will perform over their estimated useful life. Our technology may not yet have demonstrated that our engineering
and test results can be duplicated in volume or in commercial production. If our products are ultimately proven ineffective or unfeasible,
we may not be able to expand the commercial production of our products or we may become liable to our customers for quantities we are
obligated to produce but are unable to produce. If our products perform below expectations, we could lose customers and face substantial
repair and replacement expenses which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
face the possibility of a range of potential accident and safety risks and hazards, including hazards associated with extreme weather, wind, and other
environmental conditions, which are inherent in offshore operations. 

Portions
of our operations are subject to hazards and risks inherent in the building, testing, deploying and maintenance of our products, particularly
offshore operations. These hazards and risks could result in personal injuries or loss of life. The unintentional release of a PowerBuoy 
product from its mooring, for example, due to extreme environmental conditions and damage caused by its drifting, and other damages which
may include damage to our properties, including our products, and the properties of others, or other consequential damages. Certain weather events could increase in frequency or severity requiring potential design changes or limiting the
windows available for offshore operations. 

Our
autonomous vessels could cause other types of damage, including collisions with other vessels, property of others, or even swimmers or
other persons or property utilizing a body of water where the WAM-V is operating. This could also lead to the suspension of certain
of our operations, large damage claims, damage to our safety reputation and a loss of business. Some of these risks may be uninsurable,
and some claims may exceed our insurance coverage. Therefore, the occurrence of a significant accident or other risk event or hazard
that is not fully covered by insurance could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results and, even if fully covered
by insurance, could materially and adversely affect our business due to the impact on our reputation for safety. 

Our
relationships with our strategic partners may not be successful, and we may not be successful in establishing additional relationships,
either of which could adversely affect our ability to commercialize our products and services. 

We
have a number of critical relationships with strategic partners, specifically our software development partners. Generally, these types
of relationships obligate a party to provide certain services or perform certain tasks in connection with the relationship with the alliance
partner, and we are generally responsible for paying the costs we incur relating to such services or tasks. These relationships generally
are not expected to provide us with any revenues or sources of financing. If we are unable to reach agreements with additional suitable
alliance partners, we may fail to meet our business objectives for the commercialization of our products. We may face significant competition
in seeking appropriate alliance partners. Moreover, these development agreements and strategic alliances are complex to negotiate and
time consuming to document. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish additional strategic relationships or other alternative
arrangements. The terms of any additional strategic relationships or other arrangements that we establish may not be favorable to us.
Furthermore, even if we can find, negotiate and enter into these relationships, such arrangements may be conditional upon our receipt
of additional funding. There can be no assurance that we will receive such additional funding. In addition, strategic relationships may
not be successful, and we may be unable to sell and market our products to these companies, their affiliates and customers in the future,
or growth opportunities may not materialize. 

27 

We
have limited manufacturing, deployment, and internal software development experience. If we are unable to increase our internal software
development and manufacturing capacity in a cost-effective manner, our business may be materially harmed. 

We
manufacture key components of our products, while outsourcing the manufacturing for other components of our products. We have only manufactured
our products in limited quantities for use in development and testing and have limited commercial manufacturing and deployment experience,
and our work with our vendors has not included work on multiple orders on time-critical deadlines. Our future success depends on our
ability to significantly increase both our manufacturing capacity and production and service throughput in a cost-effective and efficient
manner, and to manage multiple vendors with several orders on specific deadlines. In order to meet our growth objectives, we will need
to increase our engineering, contract management, and manufacturing staff. There is intense competition for hiring qualified technical
and engineering personnel. Therefore, we may not be able to hire a sufficient number of qualified personnel to allow us to meet our growth
objectives. 

We
may be unable to develop efficient, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes that enable us to meet the quality, price, engineering,
design and production standards or production volumes necessary to successfully commercialize our products. If we cannot do so, we may
be unable to expand our business, satisfy our contractual obligations or become profitable. Even if we are successful in developing our
manufacturing capabilities and processes, we may not be able to do so in time to meet our commercialization schedule or satisfy the requirements
of our customers. 

In
addition, historically we have outsourced the majority of our software development activities. For fiscal 2024 and beyond, our plan
is to build out an internal software development team and bring in-house certain core aspects of our software solutions. We may be
unable to hire appropriate internal resources to enable us to meet the software development needs of our products and solutions. If
we cannot do so, we may be unable to expand our business and become profitable or do so in time to meet the needs of our
customers. 

Problems
with the quality or performance of our products would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our
agreements with customers will generally include guarantees and warranties with respect to the quality and performance of our products.
Because of the limited operating history of our products, we have been required to make analytical assumptions regarding the durability,
reliability, and performance of the systems, and we may not be able to predict whether and to what extent we may be required to perform
under the guarantees that we expect to give our customers. Our assumptions could prove to be materially different from the actual performance
of our products, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective systems in the future. We could bear the risk
of claims long after we have sold our products and recognized revenue. Moreover, any widespread product failures could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
must continually improve existing services and products, design and sell new products, and invest in research and development in order
to compete effectively. 

The
markets for our services and products are characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards and continuous improvements
of products. Due to constant changes in our markets, our future success depends on our ability to develop new technologies, products,
processes, and product applications. New product development and commercialization efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product
categories in which we have limited, or no prior experience have inherent risks. These risks include the costs involved, such as development
and commercialization, product development or launch delays, and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated
levels of market acceptance or growth in sales or operating income. We also face the risk that our competitors will introduce innovative
new products that compete with our products. If new product development and commercialization efforts are not successful, our financial
results could be adversely affected. 

28 

Product
and technological developments are accomplished primarily through internally funded R D projects. Because it is not generally possible
to predict the amount of time required and costs involved in achieving certain R D objectives, actual development costs may exceed
anticipated amounts and estimated product development schedules may be extended. Our financial condition and results of operations may
be materially and adversely affected if: 

Product
 improvements are not completed on a timely basis; 

New
 products are not introduced on a timely basis or do not achieve sufficient market penetration; 

There
 are cost overruns or delays in R D efforts; or 

New
 products experience reliability or quality problems, or otherwise do not meet customer preferences or requirements. 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property 

If
we are unable to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights relating to our technology and products, the commercial value of our
technology and products may be adversely affected, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results
of operations. 

Our
success and ability to compete depends in part upon our ability to obtain protection in the U.S. and other countries for our products
by establishing and maintaining intellectual property rights relating to or incorporated into our technology and products. We own a variety
of patents and patent applications in the U.S. and corresponding patents and patent applications in several foreign jurisdictions. However,
we have not obtained patent protection in each market in which we plan to compete. In addition, we do not know how successful we would
be should we choose to assert our patents against suspected infringement, and we do not know what the cost to do so would be. Our pending
and future patent applications may not be issued as patents or, if issued, may not be issued in a form that will be advantageous to us. Even
if issued, patents may be challenged, narrowed, invalidated, or circumvented, which could limit our ability to stop competitors from marketing
similar products or limit the length of term of patent protection we may have for our products. Changes in either patent laws or in interpretations
of patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of our intellectual property or narrow the scope of our patent
protection, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If
we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could
be adversely affected, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition to patented technology, we rely upon unpatented proprietary technology, processes, and know-how, particularly with respect to
our PowerBuoy control and electricity generating systems and our WAM-V systems. We generally seek to protect this
information in part by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties. These agreements may be breached,
and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently
developed by competitors. 

Foreign
laws may not afford us sufficient protections for our intellectual property, and we may not be able to obtain patent protection outside
of the United States. 

Intellectual
property rights protection continues to present significant challenges to U.S. companies operating around the world. The body of law
is often relatively undeveloped compared to the commercial law in the U.S. and only limited protection of intellectual property may be
available in those jurisdictions. Although we have taken precautions to protect our intellectual property, any local design or manufacture
of products that we undertake in a foreign jurisdiction could subject us to an increased risk that unauthorized parties will be able
to copy or otherwise obtain or use our intellectual property, which could harm our business. We may also have limited legal recourse
in the event we encounter patent or trademark infringement. If we are unable to manage our intellectual property rights, our business
and operating results may be seriously harmed. 

29 

If
we infringe or are alleged to have infringed upon intellectual property rights of third parties, our business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
products or use of our trademarks may infringe, or be claimed to infringe, upon patents, patent applications or trademarks under which
we do not hold licenses or other rights. Third parties may own or control these patents, patent applications or trademarks in the U.S.
and abroad. Third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successfully asserted
against us, could cause us to pay substantial damages. Further, if a patent or trademark infringement suit were brought against us, we
could be forced to stop or delay manufacturing or sales of the product or component that is the subject of the suit. 

As
a result of patent or trademark infringement claims, or in order to avoid potential claims, we may choose or be required to seek a license
from a third party and be required to pay license fees, royalties or both. These licenses may not be available on acceptable terms,
or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access
to the same intellectual property. Ultimately, we could be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of
actual or threatened patent or trademark infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. This could significantly
and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In
addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other types of patents or trademark litigation and other proceedings,
including proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and proceedings in the European Patent Office, regarding intellectual
property rights with respect to our products and technology. The cost to us of any patent or trademark litigation or other proceeding,
even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial. In addition, if we were to license our intellectual property to others, we may be
required to indemnify our licensee if the licensed intellectual property is found to be infringing on a third party s rights. Some
of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their greater
financial resources. 

Our
contracts with governmental entities could negatively affect our intellectual property rights, and our ability to commercialize our products
could be impaired. 

Our
prior agreements with government agencies in large part funded the research and development of our PowerBuoy . When new technologies
are developed with U.S. government funding, the government obtains certain rights in any resulting patents, technical data, and software,
generally including, at a minimum, a non-exclusive license authorizing the government to use the invention, technical data or software
for non-commercial purposes. These rights may permit the government to disclose our confidential information to third parties and to
exercise march-in rights. March-in rights refer to the right of the U.S. government to require us to grant a license to
the technology to a responsible applicant or, if we refuse, the government may grant the license itself. U.S. government-funded inventions
must be reported to the government and U.S. government funding must be disclosed in any resulting patent applications; our rights in
such inventions will normally be subject to government license rights, periodic post-contract utilization reporting, foreign manufacturing
restrictions and march-in rights. 

The
government can exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application
of the technology or because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations or
to give preference to U.S. industry. Our government-sponsored research contracts are subject to audit and require that we provide regular
written technical updates on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis, and, at the conclusion of the research contract, a final report on
the results of our technical research. Because these reports are generally available to the public, third parties may obtain some aspects
of our sensitive confidential information. Moreover, if we fail to provide these reports or to provide accurate or complete reports,
the government may obtain rights to any intellectual property arising from the related research. Funding from government contracts may
also limit when and how we can deploy our technology developed under those contracts. Foreign governments with which we contract to provide
funding for our research and development may seek similar rights. 

30 

Risks
Related to Regulatory and Compliance Matters 

If
we are unable to obtain all necessary regulatory permits and approvals, it is possible that we will not be able to implement our planned
projects or business plan. 

Offshore
deployment of our products is heavily regulated. Each of our deployments is subject to multiple permitting and approval requirements.
We and our customers are dependent on state, federal and regional government agencies for such permits and approvals. Due to the unique nature of in-ocean
power generation and the associated potential for environmental hazards stemming from deployment of our products, we expect our projects
to receive close scrutiny by permitting agencies, approval authorities and the public, which could result in substantial delay in the
permitting process. New regulations surrounding the deployment of autonomous vessels could restrict or limit our ability to deploy WAM-Vs 
 in certain jurisdictions. Successful challenges by parties opposed to our deployments could result in increased costs, or in the
denial of necessary permits and approvals. 

If
we or our clients are unable to obtain necessary permits and approvals in connection with any or all our projects, those projects
would not be implemented, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. If we violate
or fail to comply with these permits and approvals, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 

In
the event we are unable to satisfy regulatory requirements relating to internal control over financial reporting, or if our internal
controls are not effective, our business and financial results may suffer. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to effectively prevent
fraud. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to furnish a report by management on internal control over financial
reporting, including management s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention
or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy
of our internal controls, including any failure to implement new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation,
our business and operating results could be harmed, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and there could also be a material
adverse effect on our stock price. 

Environmental
and other regulation of our business, including potential climate change regulation, could adversely impact us by increasing our production
cost or restricting our ability to deliver products to our customers. 

Climate
change serves as a risk multiplier increasing both the frequency and severity of natural disasters that may affect our business operations.
Moreover, there has been a broad range of proposed and promulgated state, national and international regulation aimed at reducing the
effects of climate change. In the U.S., there is a significant possibility that some form of regulation will be enacted at the federal
level to address the effects of climate change. Such regulation could take several forms that could result in additional costs in the
form of taxes, consultant costs, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances. Climate change regulation continues to evolve, and it is not possible to accurately
estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation. 

31 

A
portion of products we acquire from our suppliers are manufactured in foreign countries, making the price and availability of these products
subject to international trade risks and other international conditions. 

A
portion of our parts for our products are sourced from foreign countries, some of which in the future are, or could become subject to
trade restrictions, including increased tariffs or quotas, embargoes, and customs restrictions, which would increase the cost or could
reduce the supply of products available to us, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Tariffs on imports from foreign countries, as well as changes in tax and trade policies, such as a border adjustment tax
or disallowance of certain tax deductions for imported product, could materially increase our manufacturing costs, the costs of our imported
products or our income tax expense, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
Tariffs imposed by foreign countries on imports of our products could also adversely affect our international sales. Any increase in
manufacturing costs, the cost of our products or limitation on the amount of products we can purchase, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business involves the use of hazardous materials, which require compliance with environmental and occupational safety laws regulating
the use of such materials. If we violate these laws, we could be subject to significant fines, liabilities, or other adverse consequences. 

Our
manufacturing operations, particularly some of the activities undertaken by our third-party suppliers and manufacturers, involve the
controlled use of hazardous materials. These include batteries for the PB3 and WAM-V , and various lubricants and oils.
Accordingly, our third-party contractors and we are subject to foreign, federal, state, and local laws governing the protection of the
environment and human health and safety, including those relating to the use, handling and disposal of these materials. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these hazardous materials. In the event of an accident or failure to comply
with environmental or health and safety laws and regulations, we could be held liable for resulting damages, including damages to natural
resources, fines, and penalties, and any such liability could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Environmental
laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. While we have planned for future
capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance, we cannot assure you that environmental laws and regulations will not change
or become more stringent in the future. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental
and health and safety laws, and any liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances will not
adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Litigation 

Litigation
is costly and time-consuming to defend, and if decided against us, could require us to pay substantial judgments or settlements. We may
be the subject of future securities or other litigation, which could adversely affect our company, our business, and our liquidity. 

Any
litigation is costly, and time consuming to defend and may distract our management from the daily operations of our business. We may
be the subject of additional future litigation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows. Although we maintain insurance coverage, we cannot assure you that this insurance coverage will be sufficient
to cover the substantial fees of lawyers and other professional advisors relating to these pending lawsuits or any future litigation,
our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors who may become parties to such pending and future actions, or the amount of any
judgments or settlements that we may be obligated to pay in connection with these lawsuits. In addition, prior judgements and settlements
have caused our insurance premiums and retention amounts to increase, and we may be subject to additional increases in the future or
be subjected to other changes in our insurance coverage. Further, given the volatility of the market price of our common stock, we may
be subject to future class action securities and other litigation. Accordingly, we have incurred and may continue to incur substantial
legal expenses, judgments and/or settlements relating to pending and future litigation and our management s time and attention
may be diverted from the operation of our business, which could materially and adversely affect the Company. 

32 

We
may become the target of securities litigation, which is costly and time-consuming to defend. 

In
the past, companies that experienced significant volatility in the market price of their publicly traded securities have become subject
to class action securities litigation. Our stock price has been volatile, and class action securities litigation and derivative lawsuits
have been filed against us, and it is possible that additional lawsuits could be brought against us in the future. The results of complex
legal proceedings are difficult to predict. These lawsuits assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to substantial
damages, and an unfavorable outcome or settlement of these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits, could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or stock price. Even if any future lawsuits are not resolved against us,
the costs of defending such lawsuits may be material to our business and our operations. Moreover, these lawsuits may divert our management s
attention from the operation of our business. For more information on our legal proceedings, see Item 3 Legal Proceedings 
of this Annual Report and Note 16 Commitments and Contingencies - Litigation in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

If
we issue additional shares of our equity securities in the future, our shareholders may experience substantial dilution in the value
of their investment or their ownership interest. 

Our
certificate of incorporation currently authorizes us to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of our common stock and to issue and designate
the rights of, without shareholder approval, up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. In the future, if we were required to raise additional
capital, we may offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock
at prices that may not be the same as the price per share paid by other investors, and dilution to our shareholders in the value of their
investment and their ownership and voting interest in the Company could result. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering
at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by existing investors, and investors purchasing shares or other securities
in the future could have rights superior to existing shareholders. 

In
addition, we have a significant number of stock options and warrants outstanding. To the extent that outstanding stock options or warrants
have been or may be exercised or other shares issued, current shareholders and future investors who have purchased our common stock will
experience further dilution. In addition, we may choose to raise additional capital due to market conditions or strategic considerations
even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. To the extent that we issue new securities or
raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of these securities could result in
further dilution to our shareholders or result in downward pressure on the price of our common stock. 

Historically,
our stock price has been volatile, and this is likely to continue; purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses as a
result. 

Historically,
the market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly, and we expect that this will continue. Purchasers of our common stock
could incur substantial losses relating to their investment in our stock as a result. For the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, the 52-week
low and high prices for our common stock was 0.45 and 1.45, respectively. Also, the stock market in general has recently experienced
volatility that has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market
fluctuations could result in fluctuations in the price of our common stock, which could cause purchasers of our common stock to incur
substantial losses. The market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including the items identified within these
Risk Factors and the other information included within this annual report. 

33 

Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law may delay or prevent attempts by our shareholders to change our management
or our Board of Directors and hinder efforts to acquire a controlling interest in us. 

As
a result of our reincorporation in Delaware in April 2007, provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage,
delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that shareholders may consider favorable, including transactions in
which our shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by
our shareholders to replace or remove our management. These provisions include: 

advance
 notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations; 

the
 inability of shareholders to act by written consent or to call special meetings; and 

the
 ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without shareholder approval,
 which could be used to institute a poison pill that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile
 acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our Board of Directors. 

For
example, in June 2023, our Board of Directors adopted a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan in an effort to diminish the risk
that the Company s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryovers to reduce potential future federal income tax obligations
may become substantially limited. The Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan is also intended to act as a deterrent to any person
or group acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of the outstanding common stock without the approval of our Board of Directors. 

The
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of our shares of capital stock entitled to vote is necessary to amend or repeal the above
provisions of our certificate of incorporation. In addition, absent the approval of our Board of Directors, our bylaws may only be amended
or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of our shares of capital stock entitled to vote. 

In
addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business
combination with an interested shareholder, which is generally a person who together with its affiliates owns or within the last three
years has owned 15 of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an
interested shareholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Accordingly, Section 203 may discourage,
delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. 

Actions
of activist shareholders could be disruptive and potentially costly, and the possibility that activist shareholders may seek to effect
changes in our strategic direction and, in furtherance thereof, changes in how we are governed, could cause uncertainty about the strategic
direction of our business. 

Activist
shareholders may, from time to time, attempt to effect changes in our strategic direction and, in furtherance thereof, may seek changes
in how the Company is governed, including changes in the composition of our Board of Directors. While our Board of Directors and management
team strive to maintain constructive, ongoing communications with the Company s shareholders, including activist shareholders,
and welcome all views and ideas that have the potential to enhance value for all shareholders, activist campaigns that contest, or conflict
with, our strategic direction could have an adverse effect on us because: (i) responding to actions by activist shareholders can disrupt
our business, be costly and time-consuming, and divert the attention of our Board and management away from their regular duties and the
pursuit of our business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition; (ii) perceived uncertainties
as to our future direction as a result of changes to composition of our Board of Directors may lead to the perception of a change in
the direction of the business, instability, or lack of continuity which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current
or potential customers, may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified
personnel and business partners, and may affect our relationships with vendors, customers, and other third parties; (iii) actions by
activist shareholders could cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or
other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business; and (iv) if individuals are
elected to our Board of Directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy
and create additional value for our shareholders. 

34 

If
securities or industry analysts fail to cover us, or do not publish research or publish unfavorable or inaccurate research about our
business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, or our industry from time to time. If no analyst covers us, or ultimately one or more of these analysts cease
coverage or fail to publish reports on the Company regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could
cause the price or trading volume of our common stock to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company
downgrade our common stock or release a negative report, or if our operating results do not meet analysts expectations, the
price of our common stock could decline. 

We
have never paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the
development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As
a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our shareholders for the foreseeable
future. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters are currently located in Monroe Township, New Jersey, where we occupy approximately 56,000 square feet under a
lease expiring on October 31, 2024. We use this facility for administration, research and development, as well as assembly and testing
of our products. 

Additionally,
we have a property located on the University of California Berkeley in Berkeley, California, where we occupy 1,220 square feet under
a lease which is currently operating month-to-month . We use this facility primarily for administration, engineering, and
manufacturing of our products. Additionally, we have begun leasing a property located in Richmond, California where we will occupy
approximately 11,500 square feet under a lease expiring on June 18, 2028. We are currently in the process of moving our California
operations to this location and intend to vacate the site at the University of California Berkeley during fiscal 2024. 

Finally,
we have a property located in Houston, Texas, under a lease expiring on January 31, 2024. We use this facility for our consulting services
personnel. 

We believe that our facilities are sufficient for our current needs and are in good condition in all material respects. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Employment
Litigation 

On
June 10, 2014, the Company terminated Charles Dunleavy as its Chief Executive Officer for cause and removed him from the Board of Directors.
In 2018, Mr. Dunleavy filed a demand for arbitration against the Company before the American Arbitration Association in New Jersey, claiming,
among other things, that the Company breached its employment agreement with Mr. Dunleavy. The arbitration panel ultimately awarded Mr.
Dunleavy compensatory damages in the amount of 438,254.54 for the breach of contract claim, plus additional attorneys fees, costs
and prejudgment interest for a total award of 1,223,963.14. The Company paid this amount on May 26, 2021 and the matter is now closed. 

On
June 10, 2014, the Company terminated Charles Dunleavy as its Chief Executive Officer for cause and removed him from the Board of Directors.
Legal proceedings commenced in 2018 and an arbitration panel awarded Mr. Dunleavy a total amount of 1,2 million. The Company paid this
amount on May 26, 2021 and the matter was closed. 

35 

Spain
Income Tax Audit 

The
Company underwent an income tax audit in Spain for the period from 2011 to 2014, when our Spanish branch was closed. In connection with
the tax audit, the Spanish tax inspector challenged the Company s recognition of grant funds received in 2011 to 2014 from the
European Commission in connection with the Company s Waveport project. On July 30, 2018, the inspector concluded that although
there was no tax owed in light of losses reported, the Company s Spanish branch owed penalties for failure to properly account
for the income associated with the funding grant. On August 30, 2018, the Company filed an administrative appeal of the penalty and its
underlying conclusions. During the three months ended July 31, 2020, the Company received notice from the Spanish Central Economic and
Administrative Tribunal that it agreed with the inspector and ruled that the Company owes the full amount of the penalty in the amount
of 279,869.81 or approximately 331,000. In the quarter ended October 31, 2020, the Company recorded an additional reserve of 117,145.81
(or approximately 154,000) to Selling, general and administrative costs in the Statement of Operations making the total reserve 279,869.81,
which amount was paid by the Company to the Spanish Tax Administration on January 25, 2021. As of April 30, 2023, the Company had no
reserve related to this audit. The Company has appealed the decision of the Tribunal tax assessment to the Spanish National Court. The
Company expects a ruling on the appeal prior to the end of fiscal 2024. 

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

36 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Shareholders 

Our
common stock was listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, under the symbol OPTT until June 2021 when the listing was transferred
to the NYSE American under the same symbol. As of July 28, 2023, there were 131 holders of record for shares of our common stock. Since
a portion of our common stock is held in street or nominee name, we are unable to determine the exact number of beneficial
holders. 

We adopted a Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan on June 30, 2023 to diminish the risk we could experience
an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which could substantially
limit or permanently eliminate our ability to utilize its net operating loss carryovers to reduce potential future income tax obligations.
Under this plan, a person who acquires, without the approval of our Board of Directors, beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of the outstanding
common stock could be subject to significant dilution. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not currently anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. At this time, we intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth
and development of our business. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board
of Directors, and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions, future prospects,
contractual restrictions and covenants, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant. 

Transfer
Agent Information 

Our
transfer agent is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Computershare is located at 250 Royal Street, Canton, MA 02021-1011. Its contact
information is: United States and Canada: (800) 662 - 7232, International (781) 575 4238, and its website is located at www.computershare.com . 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

There
were no purchases of equity securities by the Company for the year ended April 30, 2023. 

37 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table sets forth the indicated information as of April 30, 2023, with respect to our equity compensation plans: 

Plan Category 
 Number of Shares to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options and Restricted Stock 
 Weighted-Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number of Shares Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (Excluding Shares Reflected in First Column) 

Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders: 

Stock Options 
 1,595,852 
 1.70 
 221,446 (1) 
 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 1,935,994 
 N/A 

Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders: 

Stock Options 

Restricted Stock Units 
 50,000 
 N/A 
 161,487 (2) 

(1)
Consists of shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

(2)
Consists of shares of our common stock available for issuance under the 2018 Employee Inducement Incentive Award Plan. 

Our
equity compensation plans consist of a 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and a 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan which were approved by our shareholders.
Once the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan was approved by the shareholders on October 22, 2015, no further stock options or other awards were
awarded under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan and it was terminated. Shares that are forfeited under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan on or
after October 22, 2015, will become available for issuance under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

The
equity compensation plan that has not been approved by our shareholders is our 2018 Employee Inducement Incentive Award Plan. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not
Applicable. 

38 

ITEM
6. [ Reserved] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information
contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans
and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should
review the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report, and elsewhere in this report, for a discussion of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained
in the following discussion and analysis. Our fiscal year ends on April 30. References to fiscal 2023 are to the fiscal year ended April
30, 2023. 

Business
Overview 

We
provide ocean data collection and reporting, marine power, offshore communications, and Maritime Domain Awareness System MDA or MDAS products, integrated solutions, and consulting services. We offer our products and
services to a wide range of customers, including those in government and offshore energy, oil and gas, construction, wind power and
other industries. We are involved in the entire life cycle of product development, from product design through manufacturing,
testing, deployment, maintenance and upgrades, while working closely with partners across our supply chain. We also work closely
with our third-party partners that provide us with, among other things, software, controls, sensors, integration services, and
marine installation services. Our solutions are based on proprietary technologies that enable autonomous, zero or low carbon
emitting, and cost-effective data collection, analysis, transportation and communication. Our solutions are primarily suited to
ocean and other offshore environments, and support generation of actionable intelligence on a standalone basis or working with other
data sources. We channel the information we collect, and other communications, through control equipment linked to edge computing
and cloud hosting environments. 

Business
Update Regarding Macroeconomic Condition 

Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, slower growth or recession, policy changes, higher interest rates, and currency fluctuations
may have a negative impact on our business. These adverse conditions could impact the spending budgets of our customers, and therefore
could adversely affect the sales of our products and services. 

We
will continue to monitor these conditions, and, if necessary, adjust our operations in response to these conditions. 

Capital
Raises 

At
the Market Offering Agreements 

On
November 20, 2020, the Company entered into an At-the-Market Offering Agreement ATM with AGP (the 2020 ATM
Facility pursuant to which the Company could issue and sell, from time to time, shares of the Company s common stock
having an aggregate offering price of up to 100.0 million. The Company s common stock was sold at prevailing market prices at
the time of sale. Subsequently, on January 10, 2022, a prospectus supplement was filed that allowed the Company to sell an
additional 25.0 million of common stock up to a total of 75.0 million under the 2020 ATM Facility. As of April 30, 2023, an
aggregate of 50.0 million remained available under this facility. The 2020 ATM Facility was terminated by the Company effective
June 2, 2023. The Company anticipates establishing a new ATM facility during fiscal 2024. 

39 

Equity
Line Common Stock Purchase Agreements 

On
September 18, 2020, the Company entered into a common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital which provided that, subject to certain
terms, conditions and limitations, Aspire Capital was committed to purchase up to an aggregate of 12.5 million shares of the Company s
common stock over a 30-month period subject to a limit of 19.99 of the outstanding common stock on the date of the agreement if the
price did not exceed a specified price in the agreement. The number of shares the Company could issue within the 19.99 limit was 3,722,251
shares without shareholder approval. Shareholder approval was received at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders on December
23, 2020 for the sale of 9,864,706 additional shares of common stock which exceeded the 19.99 limit of the outstanding common stock
on the date of the agreement. Through April 30, 2023, the Company had sold an aggregate of 3,722,251 shares of common stock with an aggregate
market value of 11.8 million at an average price of 3.17 per share pursuant to this common stock purchase agreement. The Aspire Capital agreement automatically terminated on March 18, 2023, the maturity date of the equity line
of credit. 

The
sale of additional equity under new facilities could result in dilution to our shareholders. If additional funds are raised through
the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those associated with our common stock
and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. The Company has obtained equity financing through its ATM Agreement and
the Aspire Capital financing, but the Company cannot be certain that additional equity and/or debt financing will be available to the
Company as needed on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to obtain required financing when needed, we may be required to reduce
the scope of our operations, including our planned product development and marketing efforts, which could materially and adversely affect
our financial condition and operating results. If we are unable to secure additional financing, we may be forced to cease our operations. 

Backlog 

As
of April 30, 2023, the Company s backlog was 4.0 million. As of April 30, 2022, backlog was 0.6 million. Our backlog can include
unfilled firm orders for our products and services from commercial or governmental customers. If any of our contracts were to be terminated,
our backlog would be reduced by the expected value of the remaining terms of such contract. 

The
amount of contract backlog is not necessarily indicative of future revenue because modifications to or terminations of present contracts
and production delays can provide additional revenue or reduce anticipated revenue. A substantial portion of our revenues is recognized
using the input method used to measure completion over time of customer contracts, and changes in estimates from time to time may have
a significant effect on revenue and backlog. Our backlog is also typically subject to large variations from time to time due to the timing
of new awards. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

To
understand our financial statements, it is important to understand our critical accounting policies and estimates. We prepare our financial
statements in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of financial statements
also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses and related
disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. To the extent that there are differences
between our estimates and actual results, our future financial statement presentation, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows will be affected. We believe that accounting policies are critical to understanding our historical and future performance,
as these policies relate to the more significant areas involving management s judgments and estimates. 

We
believe the following accounting policies require significant judgment and estimates by us in the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements. 

Revenue
recognition 

The
Company accounts for revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 606 (ASC 606) for contracts with customers and Accounting
Standards Codification 842 (ASC 842) for leasing arrangements. In relation to ASC 606, which states that a performance obligation is
the unit of account for revenue recognition, the Company assesses the goods or services promised in a contract with a customer and identifies
as a performance obligation as either: a) a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct; or b) a series of distinct
goods or services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. A contract may contain
a single performance obligation or multiple performance obligations. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the Company
allocates the contracted transaction price to each performance obligation based upon the relative standalone selling price, which represents
the price the Company would sell a promised good or service separately to a customer. The Company determines the standalone selling price
based upon the facts and circumstances of each obligated good or service. When no observable standalone selling price is available, the
standalone selling price is generally estimated based upon the Company s forecast of the total cost to satisfy the performance
obligation plus an appropriate profit margin. 

The
nature of the Company s contracts may give rise to several types of variable consideration, including unpriced change orders, liquidated
damages and penalties. Variable consideration can also arise from modifications to the scope of services. Variable consideration is included
in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur once
the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. Our estimates of variable consideration and determination of
whether to include such amounts in the transaction price are based largely on our assessment of legal enforceability, performance, and
any other information (historical, current, and forecasted) that is reasonably available to us. There was no variable consideration as
of April 30, 2023 or 2022. The Company presents shipping and handling costs, that occur after control of the promised goods or services
transfer to the customer, as fulfillment costs in costs of goods sold and regular shipping and handling activities charged to operating
expenses. 

40 

The
Company recognizes revenue when or as it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a good or service to a customer, either (1)
at a point in time or (2) over time. A good or service is transferred when or as the customer obtains control. The evaluation of whether
control of each performance obligation is transferred at a point in time or over time is made at contract inception. Input measures such
as costs incurred are utilized to assess progress against specific contractual performance obligations for the Company s services.
The selection of the method to measure progress towards completion requires judgment and is based on the nature of the services to be
provided. For the Company, the input method using costs incurred or labor hours best represents the measure of progress against the performance
obligations incorporated within the contractual agreements. If estimated total costs on any contract project a loss, the Company charges
the entire estimated loss to operations in the period the loss becomes known. The cumulative effect of revisions to revenue, estimated
costs to complete contracts, including penalties, change orders, claims, anticipated losses, and others are recorded in the accounting
period in which the events indicating a loss are known and the loss can be reasonably estimated. These loss projects are re-assessed
for each subsequent reporting period until the project is complete. Such revisions could occur at any time and the effects may be material.
During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 the Company recognized approximately 1.0 million in revenue related to performance obligations
satisfied at a point in time and approximately 1.7 million in revenue related to performance obligation satisfied over-time. 

The
Company s contracts are either cost-plus contracts, fixed-price contracts, time and material agreements, lease or service agreements.
Under cost plus contracts, customers are billed for actual expenses incurred plus an agreed-upon fee. 

The
Company has two types of fixed-price contracts, firm fixed-price and cost-sharing. Under firm fixed-price contracts, the Company receives
an agreed-upon amount for providing products and services specified in the contract, and a profit or loss is recognized depending on
whether actual costs are more or less than the agreed upon amount. Under cost-sharing contracts, the fixed amount agreed upon with the
customer is only intended to fund a portion of the costs on a specific project. Under cost sharing contracts, an amount corresponding
to the revenue is recorded in cost of revenue, resulting in gross profit on these contracts of zero. The Company s share of the
costs is recorded as product development expense. The Company reports its disaggregation of revenue by contract type since this method
best represents the Company s business. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the majority of the Company s
contracts were classified as firm fixed-price. 

The
Company s revenue also includes revenue from certain contracts which do not fall within the scope of ASC 606, but under the ASC
842. At inception of a contract for those classified under ASC 842, the Company classifies leases as either operating or financing in
accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance contained within ASC Topic 842, Leases . If the direct financing or
sales-type classification criteria are met, then the lease is accounted for as a finance lease. All others are treated as operating leases.
The Company recognizes revenue from operating lease arrangements generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term, or as agreed
upon in-use days are utilized, which is presented in Revenue in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The Company also enters into
lease arrangements for its PowerBuoys and Wave Adaptive Modular Vessels WAM-V with certain customers.
Revenue related to multiple-element arrangements is allocated to lease and non-lease elements based on their relative standalone selling
prices or expected cost plus a margin approach. Lease elements generally include a PowerBuoy , WAM-V , and components,
while non-lease elements, which the Company expects to become more prevalent, generally include engineering, monitoring and support services.
In the lease arrangement, the customer may be provided with an option to extend the lease term or purchase the leased buoy or WAM-V 
at some point during and/or at the end of the lease term. 

Financial
Operations Overview 

As
of the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had two and four customers, respectively, whose revenues accounted for at least
10 of the Company s consolidated revenues. These revenues accounted for approximately 32 and 49 of the Company s total
revenues for the respective periods. 

We
currently focus our sales and marketing efforts globally. The following table shows the percentage of our revenues by geographical location
of our customers for fiscal 2023 and 2022: 

Fiscal years ended April
 30, 
 
 Customer Location 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 North America 
 88 
 84 
 
 South America 
 3 
 9 
 
 Europe 
 
 1 
 
 Asia and Australia 
 9 
 6 
 
 Total 
 100 
 100 

Foreign
exchange gain /loss 

We
transact business in various countries and have exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Since we conduct our business in U.S. dollars and our functional currency is the U.S. dollar, our main
foreign exchange exposure, if any, results from changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and transactions settled in foreign currencies. 

In
addition to U.S. dollars, we maintain cash accounts that are denominated in British pounds sterling. These foreign denominated accounts
had a balance of zero as of April 30, 2023 and 28,000 as of April 30, 2022, compared to our total cash, cash equivalents, short term
investments, and restricted cash balances of 34.9 million as of April 30, 2023 and 57.7 million as of April 30, 2022. 

41 

In
addition, should we desire to, a portion of our operations can be conducted through our subsidiary in the
United Kingdom, the functional currency of which is the British pound
sterling. This subsidiary has foreign exchange exposure that results from changes in the exchange rate between their functional
currency and other foreign currencies in which they conduct business. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022 there has been little to no activity other than regulatory
and tax filings. 

The Company is in the process of winding down its Australian
subsidiary, which is expected to be completed during fiscal 2024. The unrealized gains or losses resulting from foreign currency
balances translation are included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss within Shareholders Equity. Foreign currency
transaction gains and losses are recognized within our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

We
currently do not hedge our exchange rate exposure. However, we assess the anticipated foreign currency working capital requirements and
capital asset acquisitions of our foreign operations and assess the need and cost to utilize financial instruments
to hedge currency exposures on an ongoing basis and may hedge against exchange rate exposure in the future. 

Results
of Operations 

This
section should be read in conjunction with the discussion below under Liquidity and Capital Resources. 

Fiscal
Years Ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
following table contains selected Consolidated Statements of Operations information, which serves as the basis of the discussion of our
results of operations for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Fiscal years ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 

(in thousands) 
 
 Revenues 
 2,732 
 1,759 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 2,496 
 1,860 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 
 236 
 (101 
 
 Change in fair value of consideration 
 1,112 
 (60 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 28,340 
 21,512 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 29,452 
 21,452 
 
 Operating loss 
 (29,216 
 (21,553 
 
 Interest income, net 
 902 
 124 
 
 Other income, employee retention credit 
 1,251 

Other income, proceeds from insurance claim 
 458 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loan 
 
 890 
 
 Loss on liquidation of subsidiary 
 
 (157 
 
 Foreign exchange gain/(loss) 
 1 
 (1 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (26,604 
 (20,697 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 278 
 1,823 
 
 Net loss 
 (26,326 
 (18,874 

Revenues 

Revenues
for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 2.7 million and 1.8 million, respectively, representing an
increase of approximately 1.0 million, or 55 , from 2022. The 1.0 million increase in revenues for the full year was mainly
attributable to increases from sales and/or leases of USV products of 1.2 million partially offset by decreases in consulting
services of 0.1 million and other revenue of 0.1 million. 

42 

Cost
of revenues 

Our
cost of revenues consists primarily of direct labor, subcontracts, incurred material, lab and manufacturing overhead expenses, such
as engineering expense, equipment depreciation and maintenance and facility related expenses, and includes the cost of equipment to
customize the PowerBuoy and WAM-V . Cost of revenues also includes PowerBuoy and WAM-V system delivery and
deployment expenses and may include anticipated losses anticipated at completion on certain contracts. 

Cost
of revenues for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 2.5 million and 1.9 million, respectively. 

Change
in fair value of contingent consideration 

The
change in fair value of contingent consideration for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 was 1.1 million reflecting an adjustment of
the contingent consideration liability based on actual bookings and forecasted bookings, as further defined in the purchase and sale agreement as it related to the MAR acquisition.
The previous year amounts related to an adjustment to an earn out liability related to the acquisition of 3Dent. 

Operating
Expenses 

Our
operating expenses include both product development costs as well as administrative costs, including the costs of products, materials
and outside services used in our product development and unfunded research activities. Also included are professional fees, salaries
and other personnel-related costs for employees and consultants engaged in sales and marketing and costs for executive, accounting and administrative personnel, and other general corporate expenses. Our product development costs
relate primarily to our efforts to increase the power output and reliability of our PowerBuoy system, and to the development of new products, product applications and complementary technologies. We expense all our engineering and product
development costs as incurred. 

Operating
expenses during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 were 28.3 million as compared to 21.5 million for fiscal year 2022. The
increase of 6.8 million, or 32 , is due to increased strategic spending on payroll related items of 3.8 million due to investments
made towards headcount in our autonomous vehicle business, bonuses and key leadership hires in Sales, Operations and Engineering;
higher spending on product development of 2.5 million, an increase of 0.5 for G A items related to increased production and
headcount. 

Interest
income, net 

Interest
income, net consists of interest received on cash and cash equivalents, investments in money market accounts and short-term
investments and is net of interest expense paid on certain obligations to third parties. Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted
cash, and short-term investments was 34.9 million as of April 30, 2023, compared to 57.7 million as of April 30, 2022. Interest
income, net was approximately 0.9 million and 0.1 million for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, and reflects the rising interest
rate environment experienced during fiscal 2023. 

Other
income 

Other
income for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 was 1.7 million and zero, respectively. The amount in the current year
relates to employee retention credits applied for previously filed payroll tax returns with the Internal Revenue Service of 1.2 million
and proceeds received for an insurance claim of 0.5 million. 

Gain
on Extinguishment of PPP Loan 

The
Company filed its loan forgiveness application for the PPP loan at the end of February 2021 asking for 100 forgiveness of the loan.
In June 2021, the Company was informed that its application was approved, the loan was fully forgiven, and the Company recognized a gain
on extinguishment of PPP loan of 0.9 million in its Consolidated Statement of Operations for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. 

43 

Foreign
exchange gain/(loss) 

Foreign
exchange gain was approximately 1,000 for fiscal year 2023 as compared to a foreign exchange loss of 1,000 for fiscal year 2022. The
difference was attributable to the relative change in value of the British pound sterling dollar compared to the U.S. dollar. 

Income
tax benefit 

Income
tax benefit reflects the sale by the Company of New Jersey State net operating losses and research development credits under the New
Jersey Economic Development Authority Tax Transfer programs, resulting in 0.3 million and 1.8 million of tax benefit related to the
fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

During
the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 21.7 million, an increase of 0.4 million compared
to net cash used in operating activities during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022. This increase is mainly driven by increased net
operating losses, partially offset by increases in accrued expenses, contingent consideration liability, and contract liabilities. 

Net
cash provided by/(used in) investing activities 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was approximately 20.5 million for fiscal year 2023 versus net cash used in investing
activities of approximately 54.0 million for fiscal year 2022. The change was primarily the result of the Company using cash to
purchase short-term, held to maturity investments during fiscal 2022. During fiscal 2023 many of those purchases of investments made
during fiscal 2022 matured, resulting in cash inflows at maturity, which were then used to fund operating expenses.
Additionally, in the prior year, the Company acquired MAR using cash of 4.4 million. 

Net
cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Net
cash used by financing activities during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 was approximately 14,000 compared to net cash
provided by financing activities during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022 of 87,000. The decrease in net cash provided by
financing activities during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 was due to the Company s receipt of 90,000 of proceeds from
stock option exercises in the prior year. 

Effect
of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

The
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents was approximately zero in fiscal year 2023, and an increase of 32,000 for fiscal
year 2022, respectively. The effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents results primarily from gains or losses on foreign
denominated cash and cash equivalents. 

Liquidity
Outlook 

Since
our inception, the cash flows from customer revenues have not been sufficient to fund our operations and provide the capital
resources for our business. For the two-year period ended April 30, 2023 our aggregate revenues were 4.5 million, our
aggregate net losses were 45.2 million and our aggregate net cash used in operating activities was 43.0 million. 

44 

We
 expect to devote substantial resources to continue our development efforts for our products and to expand our sales, marketing and
 manufacturing programs associated with the continued commercialization of our products. Our future capital requirements will depend
 on several factors, including but not limited to: 

our
 ability to develop, market and commercialize our products, and achieve and sustain profitability; 

our
 continued development of our proprietary technologies, and expected continued use of cash from operating activities unless or until
 we achieve positive cash flow from the commercialization of our products and services; 

our
 ability to obtain additional funding, as and if needed, which will be subject to several factors, including market conditions, and
 our operating performance; 

our
 history of operating losses, which we expect to continue for at least the short term and possibly longer; 

our
ability to manage and mitigate risks associated with our internal cyber security protocols and protection of the data we collect and
distribute; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property portfolio 

the
 impact of inflation related to the U.S. dollar on our business, operations, customers, suppliers and manufacturers and personnel; 

our
 ability to meet product development, manufacturing and customer delivery deadlines may be impacted by disruptions to our supply chain,
 primarily related to labor shortages and manufacturing and transportation delays both here in the U.S. and abroad; 

our
 acquisitions and our ability to integrate them into our operations which may be unsuccessful or expose us to unforeseen liabilities,
 and may use significant resources; 

our
 estimates regarding future expenses, revenues, and capital requirements; 

our
 ability to identify and penetrate markets for our products, services, and solutions; 

our
 ability to effectively respond to competition in our targeted markets 

our
 ability to establish relationships with our existing and future strategic partners which may not be successful; 

our
 ability to maintain the listing of our common stock on the NYSE American; 

the
 reliability of our technology, products and solutions; 

our
 ability to increase or more efficiently utilize the power available from our PowerBuoy product line: 

changes
 in current legislation, regulations and economic conditions that affect the demand for, or restrict the use of our products; 

our
 ability to hire and retain key personnel, including senior management, to achieve our business objectives; and 

our
 ability to establish and maintain commercial profit margins. 

Our
business is capital intensive, and up through fiscal 2023, we have been funding our business principally through sales of our securities.
As of April 30, 2023, the cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments balance was 34.9 million, and we expect
to fund our business with this amount and, to a limited extent, with our revenues until we generate sufficient cash flow to internally
fund our business. Management believes the Company s current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments are sufficient
to fund its planned expenditures through at least July 31, 2024. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

Since
inception, we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet financing activities. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments -
 Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. This amendment replaces the incurred
loss impairment methodology in current GAAP with a methodology that reflects expected credit losses on instruments within its scope,
including trade receivables. This update is intended to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about
the expected credit losses. In November 2019, the FASB issued No. 2019-10, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326),
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842) , which deferred the effective date of ASU 2016-13 for Smaller Reporting
Companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact the adoption of ASU 2016-13 will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

45 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are listed in Item 15 - Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO (our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, respectively), has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered
by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance
that information we disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is gathered and communicated
to management, including our principal executive and financial officers, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure and that such
information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of
possible controls and procedures. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent
limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, have been
detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur
because of a simple error or mistake. Based on their evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of April 30, 2023, there was
a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as described below and the Company s disclosure and procedures
were not effective. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, management believes that the material weakness did not result in a material misstatement of our financial statements. 

Management s
report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The
Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

The
Company s management assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based upon the
framework presented in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission COSO ). A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on its assessment, Management concluded that that our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of April 30, 2023 due to the following: 

Deficiencies
 related to control activities around stock-based compensation and related IT applications. Controls related to stock-based compensation
 and related IT applications did not operate effectively due to a lack of precision of management review activities. 

Deficiencies
 related to monitoring of service organization controls. 

Deficiency
 in risk assessment and design of controls related to inventory account balances and related disclosures. Management concluded that
 it did not design and implement sufficient controls related to inventory to prevent or detect material misstatements timely. 

When
the deficiencies identified within each of the above areas are considered in aggregate, these deficiencies rise to the level of material
weaknesses. These material weaknesses did not result in a material misstatement to our annual or interim financial statements. 

As
the business grows, new processes and procedures will need to be implemented. Inventory is a developing area for the Company, where new
controls will be designed and implemented as the process matures over the next year. 

We
are developing a remediation plan and are in the process of implementing measures designed to improve internal control over financial
reporting to remediate the control deficiencies that led to our material weaknesses. This includes, among other things, reviewing the need
for additional resources as well as ensuring personnel possess or obtain appropriate expertise to perform specific reviews of technical
areas, and designing and implementing improved processes and related internal controls around information technology. 

46 

Notwithstanding
the identified material weaknesses, management believes that the financial statements and related financial information included
in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, our balance sheets, statements of operations, statements of changes in stockholders 
equity (deficit) and statements of cash flows as of and for the periods presented. 

We
are committed to establishing and maintaining a strong internal control environment. 

We
will continue to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and
implement measures designed to help ensure that control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated as
soon as possible. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than as described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended April 30, 2023 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
information required in response to this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year covered by this report. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The
information required in response to this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year covered by this report. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 

The
information required in response to this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year covered by this report. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The
information required in response to this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year covered by this report. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
information required in response to this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our
fiscal year covered by this report. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
(1) Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(3)
Exhibits: See Exhibit Index on pages 49 to 50. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

47 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OCEAN
 POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date:
 July 28, 2023 

/s/
 Philipp Stratmann 

By: 
 Philipp
 Stratmann 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 

SIGNATURE 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 Philipp Stratmann 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Philipp
 Stratmann 

/ s/
 Robert Powers 
 
 Senior
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Powers 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/ s/
 Joseph DiPietro 
 
 Corporate
 Controller and Treasurer 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Joseph
 DiPietro 
 
 (Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Terence J. Cryan 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board and Director 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Terence
 J. Cryan 

/s/
 Clyde W. Hewlett 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Clyde
 W. Hewlett 

/s/
 Diana G. Purcel 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Diana
 G. Purcel 

/s/
 Peter E. Slaiby 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Peter
 E. Slaiby 

/s/
 Natalie Lorenz-Anderson 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 28, 2023 
 
 Natalie
 Lorenz-Anderson 

48 

Exhibits
Index 

Description 

3.1 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
 September 14, 2007). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. dated October 27, 2015 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 28, 2015). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 23, 2016). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October 21, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2016). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on December 7, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2018). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2019). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2023). 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 30, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate of Common Stock ++ 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on June 7, 2016). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Company Securities.++ 
 
 4.4 
 
 Section 382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan, dated as of June 29, 2023, by and between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as Rights Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2023). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated 2006 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from Exhibit A to Proxy Statement filed August 28, 2013). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement Unit (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q filed March 14, 2011). 
 
 10.5 
 
 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Proxy Statement filed on September 3, 2015). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2018). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2018). 
 
 10.13 
 
 Contract between Eni S.p.A. and the Company dated March 14, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 19, 2018). + 
 
 10.14 
 
 Contract between Harbour Energy UK Limited and the Company dated June 27, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 17, 2018).+ 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amendment to the Employment Agreement of George H. Kirby III (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2018). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Contract between U.S. Navy and the Company dated February 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 11, 2019). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Contract amendment between Harbour Energy UK Limited and the Company dated June 24, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2019).+ 
 
 10.22 
 
 Lease Agreement dated March 31, 2017 between Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. and PPH Industrial 28 Engelhard, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.37 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on July 22, 2019). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Supply and Service Contract between the Company and Empresa Electrica Panguipulli S.A. dated September 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2019). + 
 
 10.24 
 
 Supply and Service Contract between the Company and Enel Green Power Chile LTDA dated September 19, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2019). + 
 
 10.25 
 
 Contract amendment between Eni s.P.a. and the Company dated February 28, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 9, 2020). 
 
 10.26 
 
 U.S. Small Business Administration Note dated May 3, 2020 of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. in favor of Santander Bank, N.A. as the Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020). 

49 

10.27 
 
 Loan Agreement dated May 3, 2020 between Santander Bank, N.A. and Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 7, 2020). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 18, 2020, between Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. and Aspire Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2020). 
 
 10.29 
 
 Subcontract between Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. and Adams Communication Engineering Technology Inc. dated effective October 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 27, 2020). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement among Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. and the sellers named therein dated November 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2021). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Employment Letter between the Company and Robert P. Powers dated effective December 13, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 13, 2021). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Fifth Amendment to 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Proxy Statement filed on October 15, 2021). 
 
 10.34 
 
 First Amendment to the Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 11, 2022). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Sixth Amendment to the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A to Proxy Statement filed on October 19, 2022). 
 
 10.36 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Non-Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 13, 2023). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 13, 2023). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 13, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the registrant ++ 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of EisnerAmper LLP. ++ 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer ++ 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer ++ 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ++ 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ++ 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following financial information from Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the annual period ended
 April 30, 2020, formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets - as of April 30, 2020
 and 2019, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations - for the years ended April 30, 2021 and 2020, (iii) Consolidated Statements
 of Comprehensive Loss - for the years ended April 30, 2021 and 20120, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity
 - for the years ended April 30, 2021 and 2020 (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - for the years ended April 30, 2021 and
 2020, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

+
Indicates that confidential treatment has been requested for this exhibit. 

++
Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

As provided in Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K, this exhibit shall not be deemed to be filed or part of a registration
statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and shall not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability under those sections. 

As provided in Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, this exhibit shall not be deemed filed or a part of a registration statement
or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and shall not be deemed filed 
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liability under those sections. 

50 

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID : 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets, as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations, for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Loss, for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Shareholders Equity, for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows, for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Ocean
Power Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of April 30, 2023, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Revenue
Recognition 

As
described in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, a significant portion of the Company s revenue is generated pursuant
to nonstandard written contractual arrangements to design, develop, and manufacture products, and to provide related technical and other
services according to the specifications of the customers. Because of the uniqueness of the terms and conditions in the customer contracts,
there is significant analysis, and at times significant judgments, that are made by management when evaluating the contracts for proper
revenue recognition. The Company s performance obligations under these contractual agreements are satisfied over time. For performance
obligations satisfied over time, revenue is generally recognized by measuring progress through costs incurred to date relative to total
estimated costs at completion, which requires management to estimate both total expected project costs and expected gross margin, including
evaluating customer change orders, to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to recognize, which can require significant management
judgment. 

We
identified revenue recognition pertaining to customer contracts satisfied over time as a critical audit matter as there are significant
judgments exercised by management evaluating their revenue contracts and in the estimate of the progress towards completion of its projects
and determining the timing of revenue recognition. Given the high degree of management judgment involved in analyzing the terms and conditions
of the Company s unique customer contracts and the various management estimates that are used in the revenue calculations, the
audit effort required to evaluate management s judgments in determining revenue recognition for the Company s contracts was
extensive and required a high degree of auditor judgment. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to revenue recognition specific to management s
analysis of customer contract terms and application of relevant accounting guidance as well as determination of significant assumptions
used in computing revenue. We selected a sample of contracts with customers and performed the following audit procedures: Obtained the
customer contract, related invoices, purchase orders, and management revenue recognition analysis for a sample of revenue transactions
to evaluate if relevant contractual terms and transaction price were appropriately considered by management and conclusions on revenue
recognition method were in accordance with the relevant accounting guidance; and evaluated management s estimations of total contract
cost and contract profit by assessing actual costs to date against projections made throughout the course of the contract term. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

EISNERAMPER
 LLP 

July
28, 2023 

F- 3 

Ocean
Power Technologies, Inc., and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

 (in
thousands, except share data) 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Restricted cash, short-term 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangibles, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Restricted cash, long-term 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Earn out payable 

Accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Right-of-use liabilities, current portion 

Contingent liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Contingent liabilities, less current portion 

Right-of-use liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 

Shareholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; authorized shares, issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value; authorized shares, issued and shares, respectively, and outstanding and shares, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost; and shares, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Ocean
Power Technologies, Inc., and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

 (in
thousands, except per share data) 

2023 
 2022 

Fiscal year ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit (loss) 

(Gain)/loss from change in fair value of consideration 

Operating expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Interest income, net 

Other income, employee retention credit 

Other income, proceeds from insurance claim 

Gain on extinguishment of PPP loan 

Loss on liquidation of subsidiary 

Foreign exchange (loss) / gain 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average shares used to compute basic and diluted net loss per share 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

 (in
thousands) 

2023 
 2022 

Fiscal year ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net loss 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Total comprehensive loss 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Shareholders Equity 

 (in
thousands, except share data) 

Common Shares 
 Treasury Shares 
 Additional 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Total 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Equity 
 
 Balances at Balances at May 1, 2021 

Net loss 

Share based compensation 

Proceeds from stock options exercises 

Issuance of shares in acquisition 

Shares withheld for tax withholdings 

Liquidation of subsidiary 

Other comprehensive loss 

Balances at April 30, 2022 

Balance 

Net loss 

Share-based compensation 

Common stock issued upon vesting of restricted stock units 

Shares withheld for tax withholdings 

Other comprehensive gain/(loss) 

Balances, April 30, 2023 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

 (in
thousands) 

2023 
 2022 

Fiscal year ended April 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Foreign exchange (gain) / loss 

Depreciation of fixed assets 

Amortization of intangibles 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Amortization of premium on investments 

Change in contingent consideration liability 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Loss on liquidation of subsidiary 

Compensation expense related to equity compensation 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Litigation payable 

Change in right of use lease liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Redemptions of short term investments 

Purchases of short term investments 

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment 

Leased WAM-Vs built and capitalized 

Payment for MAR acquisition, net of cash acquired 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from stock option exercises 

Cash paid for tax withholding related to shares withheld 

Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted
 cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of stock for acquisition 

Operating right of use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 

Contingent liability - MAR 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

F- 8 

OCEAN
POWER TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

million and
 million,
respectively, and used cash in operating activities of approximately 
million and 
million, respectively. The Company has continued to make investments in ongoing product development efforts and in building
inventory in anticipation of, and in support of, future growth. The Company s future results of operations involve significant
risks and uncertainties. Factors that could affect the Company s future operating results and could cause actual results to
vary materially from expectations include, but are not limited to, performance of its products, its ability to market and
commercialize its products and new products that it may develop, technology development, scalability of technology and production,
ability to attract and retain key personnel, concentration of customers and suppliers, pending or threatened litigation, and
deployment risks and integration of acquisitions. For fiscal year 2023 to date and through the date of filing of this form 10-K, management has not obtained any additional capital
financing. Management believes the Company s current cash balance of 
million and short term investments balance of 
million is sufficient to fund its planned operations through at least July 31, 2024. 

million in revenue related to performance obligations
satisfied at a point in time and approximately million in revenue related to performance obligation satisfied over-time. 

The
Company s contracts are either cost-plus contracts, fixed-price contracts, time and material agreements, lease or service agreements.
Under cost plus contracts, customers are billed for actual expenses incurred plus an agreed-upon fee. 

The
Company has two types of fixed-price contracts, firm fixed-price and cost-sharing. Under firm fixed-price contracts, the Company receives
an agreed-upon amount for providing products and services specified in the contract, and a profit or loss is recognized depending on
whether actual costs are more or less than the agreed upon amount. Under cost-sharing contracts, the fixed amount agreed upon with the
customer is only intended to fund a portion of the costs on a specific project. Under cost sharing contracts, an amount corresponding
to the revenue is recorded in cost of revenue, resulting in gross profit on these contracts of zero. The Company s share of the
costs is recorded as product development expense. The Company reports its disaggregation of revenue by contract type since this method
best represents the Company s business. For the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the majority of the Company s
contracts were classified as firm fixed-price. 

The Company s revenue also includes revenue from certain contracts
which do not fall within the scope of ASC 606, but under the ASC 842. At inception of a contract for those classified under ASC 842, the
Company classifies leases as either operating or financing in accordance with the authoritative accounting guidance contained within ASC
Topic 842, Leases . If the direct financing or sales-type classification criteria are met, then the lease is accounted for
as a finance lease. All others are treated as operating leases. The Company recognizes revenue from operating lease arrangements generally
on a straight-line basis over the lease term, or as agreed upon in-use days are utilized, which is presented in Revenue in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. The Company also enters into lease arrangements for its PowerBuoys and Wave Adaptive Modular
Vessels WAM-V with certain customers. Revenue related to multiple-element arrangements is allocated to lease and
non-lease elements based on their relative standalone selling prices or expected cost plus a margin approach. Lease elements generally
include a PowerBuoy , WAM-V , and components, while non-lease elements, which the Company expects to become more
prevalent, generally include engineering, monitoring and support services. In the lease arrangement, the customer may be provided with
an option to extend the lease term or purchase the leased buoy or WAM-V at some point during and/or at the end of the lease term. 

As
of April 30, 2023, the Company s total remaining performance obligations, also referred to as contracted backlog, totaled
 
million. The Company expects to recognize approximately ,
or million,
of the remaining performance obligations as revenue over the next twelve months. 

Existing customers are subject
to ongoing credit evaluations based on payment history and other factors. If it is determined that collectability of any portion of the
contract value is not probable, an analysis of variable consideration will be performed using either the most likely amount or expected
value method to determine the amount of revenue that must be constrained until the scenario causing the variability has been resolved. 

The Company has elected to record
taxes collected from customers on a net basis and does not include tax amounts in revenue or costs of revenue. 

The Company s contract assets
and liabilities primarily relate to the timing differences between cash received from a customer in connection with contractual rights
to invoicing and the timing of revenue recognition following completion of performance obligations. The Company s accounts receivable
balance is made up entirely of customer contract related balances. 

Buoy 

Services 

Total 

Region: 

North and South America 

Europe 

Asia and Australia 

Total 

Money market account 

Cash and
 cash equivalents 

Restricted
Cash and Security Agreements 

The
Company has a letter of credit agreement with Santander Bank, N.A. Santander ). Cash of 155,000 is on deposit at Santander
and serves as security for a letter of credit issued by Santander for the lease of warehouse/office space in Monroe Township, New Jersey.
This agreement cannot be extended beyond July 31, 2025 and is cancellable at the discretion of Santander. 

Santander
also issued one letter of credit to subsidiaries of Enel Green Power EGP pursuant to the Company s contracts with
EGP. A letter of credit was issued in the amount of 645,000 and was reduced to 323,000 in August 2020. The letter of credit was further
reduced by an additional 258,000 in January of 2023, when the PB3 and its accompanying systems passed final acceptance testing. The
remaining restricted amount of 65,000 will be released in January of 2024, which is 12 months after the buoy was fully deployed. 

Restricted cash- short term 

Restricted cash- long term 

Cash, cash equivalents,
 restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents 

Investments 

During
fiscal 2022, the Company acquired investment securities through Charles Schwab Bank. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, their carrying
value was approximately million and
 
million, respectively. All short term investments consist of corporate bonds, government agency bonds, or U.S. Treasury Notes and
Bonds, are investment grade rated or better, and mature within 12 months. The Company has the ability and the intention to hold all
investments to maturity, and as such are classified as held-to-maturity investments and carried at amortized cost. The total
recognized interest expense on the premium we paid for and discounts we received on the securities for the years ended April 30,
2023 and 2022 is approximately 
and ,
respectively. Additionally, there has been no impairment on these investments. 

Government Bonds Notes 

() 

Government Agency 

() 

Total Short Term Investments 

() 

- 
 
 Computer
 equipment software 

years 
 
 Office
 furniture fixtures 
 
 - 
 years 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 Shorter
 of the estimated useful life or lease term 
 
 Leased
 WAM-V assets 

years 

and of the Company s total revenue for the
respective periods. 

In
computing diluted net loss per share on the Consolidated Statement of Operations, warrants on common stock, options to purchase shares
of common stock and unvested restricted stock units issued to employees and non-employee directors, totaling and 
for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were excluded from each of the computations as the effect would be anti-dilutive
due to the Company s losses. 

million and 
 million, respectively. 

and 
years respectively, which is consistent with the estimated pattern of economic benefit of the assets. The trademark is not subject
to amortization. 

Intangible
assets are reviewed for impairment if indicators of potential impairment exist. There was no indication of impairment of intangible assets
for the fiscal years ended April 30, 2023 and April 30, 2022. 

Contract assets 

Contract liabilities 

Contract
Assets 

Revenue recognized and not billed as of the end of the period 

Net change in contract assets 

Contract
assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from arrangements whereby the right to payment is conditioned on completing
additional tasks or services for a performance obligation. The decrease in contract assets is primarily a result of services
performed that were billed during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Contract
Liabilities 

Contract liabilities obtained in acquisition of MAR 

Payments collected for which revenue has not been recognized 

Net change in contract liabilities 

Contract
liabilities consist of amounts invoiced to customers in excess of revenue recognized. The increase in contract liabilities is primarily
due to payment for government projects received during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 for which we have not recognized
revenue. 

Work in Process 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid software licenses 

Prepaid registrations and memberships 

Prepaid expenses- other 

Total other current assets 

Computer equipment software 

Office furniture equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Leased WAM-V s 

Construction in process 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Leased WAM-V s
represent fixed assets that are part of underlying operating leases with customers as discussed in revenue recognition section related
to ASC 842. 

Depreciation
expense was approximately and for years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Trademarks 

Tradename 

Customer Relationships 

Intangible assets, gross 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Amortization
expense was approximately 
and 
for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Trademarks are not subject to amortization. 

million was recognized in November 2021 related to the acquisition of MAR. There have been no additions to or impairment
of goodwill during the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

years. 

Lessee
Information 

Right-of-use
asset and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term
at commencement date. When the implicit rate of the lease is not provided or cannot be determined, the Company uses the incremental borrowing
rate based on the information available at the effective date to determine the present value of future payments. Lease terms may include
options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise those options. The renewal options
have not been included in the lease term as they are not reasonably certain of exercise. The Company s operating leases consist
of leases for office facilities and warehouse space. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight- line basis
over the lease term and consists of interest on the lease liability and the amortization of the right of use asset. 

The
Company has a lease for its facility located in Monroe Township, New Jersey that is used as warehouse/production space and the Company s
principal offices and corporate headquarters. which is set to expire in November
of 2024, and contains an option to extend the lease for another five years . The lease is classified as an operating lease and is included
in right-of-use assets, right-of-use liabilities- current and right-of-use liabilities- long-term on the Company s Consolidated
Balance Sheets. 

The
Company also signed a new lease in January 2023 located in Houston, Texas for office space for our local employees. The lease term is
for year and is set to . ASC 842 allows a company an accounting policy election to recognize lease payments
within the Consolidated Statement of Operations on a straight-line basis if the lease term is equal to or less than 12 months and not
recognize a right-of use asset and lease liability. The accounting policy election is made on the commencement date of the lease. The
Company has chosen this election for the Houston lease and classified it as a short-term lease. 

The
Company also has a lease with the University of California Berkeley in Richmond, California that was assumed as part of the MAR acquisition.
The lease is currently a month-to-month lease in accordance with the lease agreement. In accordance with ASC 842, since the remaining
lease term at the time of the acquisition of MAR was less than 12 months, the lease was not recognized as a right-of-use asset. 

The
Company also signed a new lease located in Richmond California for a new office space for MAR which commenced in April of 2023 and will
continue for months. The lease is classified as an operating lease and is included in right-of-use assets, right-of-use liabilities-
current and right-of-use liabilities- long-term on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Variable
lease expenses, if any, are recorded as incurred. The operating lease expense in the Consolidated Statement of Operations was 
million and 
million for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Short-term lease cost 

Total lease cost 

Right-of-use liabilities- current 

Right-of-use liabilities- long term 

Total lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term- operating leases 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate- operating leases 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

Contract loss reserve 

Employee incentive payments 

Accrued salary and benefits 

Professional Fees 

Other 

Accrued expenses total 

shares of common stock that have an exercise price of 
per share and expire from the issuance date. As of April 30, 2023, common warrants to purchase 
shares of the common stock had been exercised. 

in
support through the Small Business Association SBA under the PPP Loan. The PPP Loan was unsecured and evidenced by a
note in favor of Santander and governed by a Loan Agreement with Santander. The Company received the proceeds on May 5, 2020. 

forgiveness of the loan. In June 2021, the
Company was informed that its application was approved, and that the loan has now been fully forgiven. The Company recognized a gain
on forgiveness of PPP loan of approximately during the year ended April 30, 2022 as reflected on the Consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

The SBA may audit a borrower s PPP loan up to six years after the loan is forgiven. The PPP loan audit after
forgiveness is conducted to ensure that the borrower has used the loan funds for eligible expenses and complied with the applicable requirements
of the PPP loan program. 

shares were authorized for issuance under the 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan, including shares available
for awards under the 2006 Stock Incentive Plan remaining at the time that plan terminated, or that were subject to awards under the 2006
Stock Incentive Plan that thereafter terminated by reason of expiration, forfeiture, cancellation or otherwise. If any award under the
2006 Stock Incentive Plan or 2015 Plan expires, is cancelled, terminates unexercised or is forfeited, those shares become again available
for grant under the 2015 Plan. The 2015 Plan will terminate ten years after its effective date, in October 2025, but is subject to earlier
termination as provided in the 2015 Plan. At subsequent shareholder meetings, including most recently in January 2023, the shareholders
approved an aggregate increase to the 2015 Plan of shares resulting in total shares authorized for issuance of as
of April 30, 2023. As of April 30, 2023, the Company had shares available for future issuance under the 2015 Plan . 

On
January 18, 2018, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the Company s Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan (the
 2018 Inducement Plan pursuant to which the Company reserved shares of common stock for issuance under the Inducement
Plan. In accordance with Rule 711(a) of the NYSE American Company Guide, awards under the Inducement Plan may only be made to individuals
not previously employees of the Company (or following such individuals bona fide period of non-employment with the Company), as
an inducement material to the individuals entry into employment with the Company. An award is any right to receive the Company s
common stock pursuant to the 2018 Inducement Plan, consisting of a performance share award, a restricted stock unit award or a stock
payment award. On February 9, 2022, the 2018 Inducement Plan was amended to increase the authorized shares by to . As
of April 30, 2023, there were shares available for grant under the 2018 Inducement Plan. 

Stock
Options 

The
Company estimates the fair value of each stock option award granted with service-based vesting requirements, using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model, assuming no dividends, and using weighted average valuation assumptions. The risk-free rate is based on the
U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant commensurate with the expected life of the award. The expected life
(estimated period outstanding) of the stock options granted was estimated using the simplified method as permitted by
the SEC s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110, Share-Based Payment. Expected volatility is based on the Company s
historical volatility over the expected life of the stock option granted. There were 
and 
shares granted for the periods ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected life (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding as of April 30, 2023 

Exercisable as of April 30, 2023 

As
of April 30, 2023, the total intrinsic value of outstanding and exercisable options was approximately . As of April 30, 2023, approximately
 additional options were unvested, which had an intrinsic value of and a weighted average remaining contractual term of 
years. There was approximately million and million of total recognized compensation cost related to stock options during each
of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of April 30, 2023, there was approximately million of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over
a weighted-average period of years. 

Performance
Stock Options 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled/forfeited 

Outstanding as of April 30, 2023 

Exercisable as of April 30, 2023 

As
of April 30, 2023, approximately 
 additional options were unvested,
which had an intrinsic value of and a weighted average remaining
contractual term of 
years. There was approximately 
 million and 
 million of total recognized compensation
cost related to performance stock options during each of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of April 30,
2023, there was approximately 
 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to non-vested stock options granted under the plans. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 
 years. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Compensation
expense for unvested restricted stock units is generally recorded based on its market value on the date of grant and recognized
ratably over the associated service and performance period. During the year ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company granted 
and 
shares, respectively, subject to service-based and market condition vesting requirements. 

Granted 

Vested and issued 

Cancelled/forfeited 

Issued and unvested at April 30, 2023 

There
was approximately 
million and 
million of total recognized compensation cost related to restricted stock units for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. As of April 30, 2023, there was 
million of unrecognized compensation cost remaining related to unvested restricted stock granted under our plans. This cost is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Additionally,
there is a Level 3 contingent liability related to earnouts as part of the MAR acquisition in the amount of 
million as of April 30, 2023. As of April 30, 2023, the fair value of this contingent liability from the time that MAR was acquired
has increased by approximately 
million from 
million as of April 30, 2022. Subsequent to year end in June 2023, the Company paid out in cash and issued in shares
to satisfy the achievement of the earnout based on new customer bookings of million. 

Transfers
into or out of any hierarchy level are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which the transfers occurred. There was one
transfers between any hierarchy levels during each of the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023 related to the current portion of the MAR
earnout being known and payable as of year-end in the amount of 
million. There was a adjustment for 3Dent as of the year end April 30, 2022. 

Foreign 

Total loss before income taxes 

Tax
Rate Reconciliation 

Increase(reduction) in income taxes resulting from: 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Federal research and development tax credits 

Foreign rate differential 

Other non-deductible expenses 

Proceeds of sale of New Jersey tax benefits 

Other 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefit) 

Significant
Components of Deferred Taxes 

Foreign net operating loss carryforwards 

State operating loss carryforwards 

Federal and New Jersey research and development tax credits 

Stock compensation 

Accrued expenses 

Capitalized section 174 research development 
 
 - 
 
 Leases 

Other 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Lease liabilities 

Intangibles 

Net deferred tax liabilities 

In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences and carry forwards become deductible or are utilized. As of April
30, 2023 and 2022, based upon the level of historical taxable losses, valuation allowances of 
 million and 
 million, respectively, were recorded
to fully offset deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance increased 
 million during the year ended April
30, 2023 and increased 
 million during the year ended 2022
respectively, due to continuing net operating losses. 

As
of April 30, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately 
million, which ; 
 million of the federal carryforward
has no expiration, but The
Company also had federal research and development tax credit carry forwards of approximately 
 million as of April 30, 2023, which
begins to expire in 2024. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contains provisions that limit the utilization of net operating loss and tax credit
carry forwards if there has been an ownership change, as defined. The Company has determined that as a result of multiple ownership changes,
as described in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, its ability to utilize these NOL s and research and development tax credit
have been significantly limited. 

In
addition, as of April 30, 2023, the Company had state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately million which Further, as of April 30, 2023, the Company had foreign net operating
loss carry forwards of approximately million. The ability to utilize these carry forwards may also be limited due to ownership
changes. 

Income
Tax Benefit 

The
Company has sold New Jersey State net operating losses and research development credits under the New Jersey Economic Development Authority
Tax Transfer programs, The income tax benefit for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted
of state minimum tax benefits of million and million, respectively, from the sale of New Jersey net operating losses and research
and development credits. New Jersey-based technology or biotechnology companies with fewer than
225 US employees may be eligible to sell net operating losses and research and development tax credits to unaffiliated corporations, up
to a maximum lifetime benefit of million per business. 

Uncertain
Tax Positions 

The
Company applies the guidance issued by the FASB for the accounting and reporting of uncertain tax positions. The guidance requires the
Company to recognize in its consolidated financial statements the impact of a tax position if that position is more likely than not to
be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. The Company is currently undergoing an income tax audit
in Spain for the period from 2011 to 2014, when the Company s Spanish branch was closed. At April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
had no other unrecognized tax positions. The Company does not expect any material increase or decrease in its income tax expense in the
next fiscal year, related to examinations or uncertain tax positions. Net operating loss and credit carry forwards since inception
remain open to examination by taxing authorities and will continue to remain open for a period after utilization. 

The
Company does not have any interest or penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions as it does not have any unrecognized tax benefits. 

Tax
Law Update 

Effective
for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021, taxpayers are required to capitalize any expenses incurred that are considered incidental
to research and experimentation R E activities under IRC Section 174. While taxpayers historically had the option
of deducting these expenses under IRC Section 174, the December 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act mandates capitalization and amortization of
R E expenses for tax years beginning after December 31, 2021. 
R E activities are broader in scope than qualified research activities that are considered under IRC Section 41 (relating to the
research tax credit). The Company prepared an analysis if the tax impact of capitalizing and amortizing these costs over the required
periods and for calendar year 2022, it is expected to be in a loss position after the estimated add back. 

or approximately
 . On January 25, 2021,the Company paid the Spanish Tax Administration . Notwithstanding that payment, on April 30,
2022, the Company filed its appeal of the decision of the Central Court to the Spanish National Court. 

General
Legal Matters 

From
time to time, the Company is involved in legal and administrative proceedings and claims of various types. The Company records a liability
in its consolidated financial statements for these matters when a loss is known or considered probable, and the amount can be reasonably
estimated. The Company reviews these estimates each accounting period as additional information is known and adjusts the loss provision
when appropriate. If a matter is both probable to result in a liability and the amounts of loss can be reasonably estimated, the Company
estimates and discloses the possible loss or range of loss to the extent necessary to make the consolidated financial statements not
misleading. If the loss is not probable or cannot be reasonably estimated, a liability is not recorded in its consolidated financial
statements. 

segment as the revenue associated with its different business lines are not material enough
to justify segment reporting or to make it meaningful to investors, and our chief operating decision maker does not view the Company s
operations on a segment basis. The Company operates on a worldwide basis with one operating company in the U.S. and one operating subsidiary
in the UK. Revenues and expenses are generally attributed to the operating unit that bills the customers. Geographic information is as
follows: 

Operating income (loss) 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Long-lived assets 

Total assets 

Year Ended April 30, 2022 

North South America 
 Europe 
 Asia and Australia 
 Total 

(in thousands) 
 
 Revenues from external customers 

Operating loss 

Long-lived assets 

Total assets 

of their salary, up to the maximum allowable
by the Internal Revenue Service regulations. Participants are immediately vested in their voluntary contributions plus actual earnings
or less actual losses thereon. Participants are eligible to participate in the Company match after one year of service and are fully vested
in the Company match after two years of service. 

The Company matches employee contributions dollar for dollar up to the first and fifty cents on the dollar for
each up to for a maximum match contribution of . The aggregate employer 401(k) match expense recorded in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 was approximately million and million, respectively. 

The Company also provides for a voluntary contribution to the plan which
is approved by the Company s Board of Directors on an annual basis. All participants immediately vest on the date of distribution. 

in cash to the Sellers and issued 
shares of our common stock to the Sellers. Pursuant to registration rights that we granted under such stock purchase agreement, the Company
previously filed a registration statement to register the resale of the 
shares of our common stock that we issued to the Sellers. 

On June 29,
2023, the Company issued an additional 
shares of our common stock to the Sellers and to certain employees of MAR. shares related to the earnout provisions of such stock purchase
agreement, as well as shares related to performance bonuses for MAR employees which was not related to the business combination, and further agreed to register the resale
of such additional shares. The Company filed a registration statement on Form S-3 on June 30,
2023 to this effect. 

Tax
benefits preservation plan 

On
June 30, 2023, the Company adopted a tax benefits preservation plan in the form of a Section 382 Rights Agreement. Under the terms
of this plan, if enacted by the Company s Board of Directors, each common shareholder is entitled to one preferred stock
purchase right for each share of OPT s common stock held as of the close of business on July 11, 2023 (the record date).
Management assessed the impact of the distribution of the rights and deemed the issuance of the rights to existing shareholders to
be a freestanding equity instrument. 

F- 28 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 ex4-1.htm

Exhibit 4.1 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-4.3>
 3
 ex4-3.htm

Exhibit
4.3 

DESCRIPTION
OF SECURITIES 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, and 5,000,000 shares of preferred
stock, par value 0.001 per share, 100,000 of which are designated as Series A Participating Preferred Stock which may be issued upon
the exercise of the preferred stock purchase rights described below under Section
382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan . 

Description
of Common Stock 

Voting .
Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and do not have
cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors
may elect all of the directors standing for election. 

Dividends .
Holders of common stock are entitled to receive proportionately any dividends that may be declared by our Board, subject to any preferential
dividend rights of outstanding preferred stock. 

Liquidation
and Distribution . Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive proportionately
our net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred
stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. Our outstanding shares of common stock
are, and the shares offered by us in this offering will be, when issued and paid for, fully paid and nonassessable. The rights, preferences
and privileges of holders of common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any
series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Delaware Law, Our Certificate of Incorporation and Our Bylaws 

Delaware
law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging
another party from acquiring control of us. These provisions, which are summarized below, are intended to discourage coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first
negotiate with our Board. 

Removal
of Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation currently provides that directors may be removed only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the
holders of 75 of our shares of capital stock present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote. However, our Board of Directors approved
an amendment to our bylaws that became effective on June 17, 2016, which permits our directors to be removed either for cause or without
cause by our stockholders. At our annual meeting of stockholders for the year ended April 30, 2016 that was held on October 21, 2016
(the 2016 Annual Meeting ), we submitted a proposal to stockholders seeking stockholder approval to amend our certificate
of incorporation to delete the reference to for cause in Section 6 of Article IX of the certificate of incorporation. This
proposal to amend the certificate of incorporation did not receive the required affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the
outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the meeting, so the proposal did not pass. However, we also submitted a proposal
to stockholders at the 2016 Annual Meeting seeking approval to amend our certificate of incorporation to add a clause that specified
that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any provision in the Certificate of Incorporation that is contrary to a requirement of
the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL shall be read in conformity with the applicable requirement of the DGCL.
This second proposal only required the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled
to vote at the 2016 Annual Meeting, and it passed. 

Our
Board of Directors takes the position that under current Delaware law, the only for cause provision in the certificate
of incorporation regarding removal of the company s directors is not enforceable and is therefore not in conformity with the applicable
requirement of the DGCL. Accordingly, we will comply with the provisions of our bylaws, as amended and as described above, relating to
director removal and will not seek to enforce that provision of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholder removal of directors
only for cause, as presently in effect. Under our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, any vacancy on the Board, including a vacancy
resulting from an enlargement of the Board, may be filled only by vote of a majority of our directors then in office. 

The
limitations on the ability of our stockholders to remove directors and fill vacancies could make it more difficult for a third party
to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, control of us. 

Stockholder
Action by Written Consent; Special Meetings 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly
called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such holders. Our certificate of
incorporation and our bylaws also provide that, except as otherwise required by law, special meetings of our stockholders can only be
called by our chairman of the board, our chief executive officer, our president or the Board. 

Advance
Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals 

Our
bylaws establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders, including
proposed nominations of persons for election to the Board. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider proposals or nominations
specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors or by a stockholder
of record on the record date for the meeting, that is entitled to vote at the meeting and that has delivered to our secretary a timely
written notice in proper form of the stockholder s intention to bring such business before the meeting, as well as having met certain
other requirements specified in the bylaws. These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting stockholder
actions that are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 

Delaware
Business Combination Statute 

We
are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Subject to certain exceptions, Section 203 prevents a publicly held
Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with any interested stockholder for three years
following the date that the person became an interested stockholder, unless the interested stockholder attained such status with the
approval of our Board of Directors or unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination 
includes, among other things, a merger or consolidation involving us and the interested stockholder and the sale of more
than 10 of our assets. In general, an interested stockholder is any entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of
our outstanding voting stock and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 

Section
382 Tax Benefits Preservation Plan 

Our
Board of Directors has approved the adoption of a tax benefits preservation plan in the form of a Section 382 Rights Agreement designed
to protect and preserve our tax assets primarily associated with net operating loss carryforwards NOLs that could potentially
be utilized in certain circumstances to offset our future taxable income and reduce its federal income tax liability. 

Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code imposes limitations on the future use of a company s NOLs if it undergoes an ownership
change. Our ability to benefit from its tax assets would be substantially limited by Section 382 if an ownership change 
occurred. A company experiences an ownership change for tax purposes if the percentage of stock owned by one or a group
of its 5 stockholders (as defined for tax purposes) increases by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period over
the lowest percentage of stock of such corporation owned by such stockholders at any time during that period. 

Our
tax benefits preservation plan is similar to those adopted by numerous other public companies with significant NOLs. In order to protect
our NOLs from being limited or permanently lost under Section 382, the tax benefits preservation plan is intended to reduce the likelihood
of an unintended ownership change occurring through the buying and selling of our common stock. This is accomplished by
deterring any person or group from acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of our outstanding common stock without the approval
of the Board. Our tax benefits preservation plan does not, however, block anyone from buying or selling OPT s common stock. Accordingly,
there can be no assurance that the tax benefits preservation plan will prevent an ownership change. 

Under
the terms of the tax benefits preservation plan, OPT will distribute to its stockholders one preferred stock purchase right for each
share of our common stock held as of the close of business on July 11, 2023. Any shares of common stock issued after the July 11, 2023
record date will be issued together with associated preferred stock purchase rights. 

Under
the tax benefits preservation plan, the rights will initially trade with our common stock. The rights will generally become exercisable
only if a person (or any persons acting as a group) acquires beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of our outstanding common stock, without
the approval of the Board, after the first public announcement by us of the adoption of the tax benefits preservation plan. A person
or group who acquires, without the approval of the Board, beneficial ownership of 4.99 or more of our outstanding common stock could
be subject to significant dilution. If the preferred stock purchase rights become exercisable, all holders of rights, other than the
person or group triggering the rights, will be entitled to purchase our common stock at a 50 discount. The Board also has the option
to cause the exchange of one share of common stock for each preferred stock purchase right held. Preferred stock purchase rights held
by the person or group triggering the rights will become null and void and will not be exercisable or transferable. 

Stockholders
who beneficially owned 4.99 or more of our outstanding common stock prior to the first public announcement by us of the adoption of
the tax benefits preservation plan will not trigger any penalties under the tax benefits preservation plan so long as they do not acquire
beneficial ownership of any additional shares of common stock (other than pursuant to a stock split, stock dividend, reclassification,
or similar transaction effected by us) at a time when they still beneficially own 4.99 or more of such common stock. The Board also
has the discretion to exempt any acquisition of our common stock from the provisions of the tax benefits preservation plan. 

The
preferred stock purchase rights and the tax benefits preservation plan will expire no later than June 29, 2026. The preferred stock purchase
rights and the tax benefits preservation plan may also expire on an earlier date upon the occurrence of other events, including a determination
by our Board that (i) the tax benefits preservation plan is no longer necessary for the preservation of our tax attributes, (ii) no tax
attributes may be carried forward (with such expiration occurring as of the beginning of the applicable taxable year), or (iii) prior
to the time any person or group acquires 4.99 or more of our common stock, that the tax benefits preservation plan and the preferred
stock purchase rights are no longer in the best interests of us and our stockholders. The preferred stock purchase rights may also be
redeemed, exchanged, or terminated prior to their expiration. 

Amendment
of Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The
Delaware General Corporation Law provides generally that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter
is required to amend a corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, unless a corporation s certificate of incorporation
or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater percentage. Our bylaws may be amended or repealed by a majority vote of our Board of
Directors or the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the voting power of our capital stock issued and outstanding and
entitled to vote on the matter. 

Limitation
of Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation limits the personal liability of directors for breach of fiduciary duty to the maximum extent permitted
by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Our certificate of incorporation provides that no director will have personal liability to us
or to our stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty or other duty as a director. However, these provisions do not
eliminate or limit the liability of any of our directors: 

for
 any breach of their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders; 

for
 acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

for
 voting or assenting to unlawful payments of dividends or other distributions; or 

for
 any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. 

Any
amendment to or repeal of these provisions will not eliminate or reduce the effect of these provisions in respect of any act or failure
to act, or any cause of action, suit or claim that would accrue or arise prior to any amendment or repeal or adoption of an inconsistent
provision. If the Delaware General Corporation Law is amended to provide for further limitations on the personal liability of directors
of corporations, then the personal liability of our directors will be further limited to the greatest extent permitted by the Delaware
General Corporation Law. 

In
addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that we must indemnify our directors and officers and we must advance expenses, including
attorneys fees, to our directors and officers in connection with legal proceedings, subject to limited exceptions. 

Notice
of Share Ownership 

Our
bylaws contain a provision requiring any beneficial owner of three percent or more of our outstanding common stock to notify us of his
or her stockholdings, as well as of any change in his or her beneficial ownership of one percent or more of our outstanding common stock.
Our bylaws do not provide for any specific remedy in the event a stockholder does not comply with this provision. We do not intend to
make any such information public, unless required by law or the rules of the SEC or the NYSE American. 

Authorized
but Unissued Shares 

Our
authorized but unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuance without stockholder approval, subject
to any limitations imposed by the listing standards of the NYSE American. These additional shares may be used for a variety of corporate
finance transactions, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and
preferred stock could make it more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer,
merger or otherwise. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Its address is 250 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021-1011,
and its telephone number is 1-800-662-7232. 

Our
common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol OPTT. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ex21.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 

Ocean
 Power Technologies Ltd 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 Oregon
 Wave Energy Partners I, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Victorian
 Wave Partners Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 
 
 3Dent
 Technology, LLC 
 
 Texas 
 
 Marine
 Advanced Robotics, Inc. 
 
 California

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. on Form S-3 (No. 333-221867,
No. 333-250824, No. 333-261240 and No. 333-273044) and Form S-8 (No. 333-208522, No. 333-214316, No. 333-224436, No. 333-232755, No.
333-252372, No. 333-262684 and No. 333-269344) of our report dated July 28, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements
as of April 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the years then ended which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

EISNERAMPER
LLP 

 Iselin,
New Jersey 

 July
28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Philipp Stratmann, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or other persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Philipp Statman 

Philipp
 Stratmann 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:
 July 28, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Robert Powers, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or other persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
 Robert Powers 

Robert
 Powers 

Senior
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:
 July 28, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. (the Company for the year ended April
30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Philipp
Stratmann, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Philipp Stratmann 

Philipp
 Stratmann 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated:
 July 28, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Ocean Power Technologies, Inc. (the Company for the year ended April
30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Robert
Powers, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Robert Powers 

Robert
 Powers 

Senior
 Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated:
 July 28, 2023 

A
si2gned original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 optt-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 optt-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 optt-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 optt-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

