<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230818_10-K_edgar_data_8858_0000008858-23-000029.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13136088</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>206379</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1886813</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4721652</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2242917</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3694151</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000008858-23-000029.hdr.sgml : 20230818
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230817174235
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000008858-23-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230701
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230818
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230817

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVNET INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-ELECTRONIC PARTS & EQUIPMENT, NEC [5065]
		IRS NUMBER:				111890605
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0701

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04224
		FILM NUMBER:		231183155

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 SOUTH 47TH STREET
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85034
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4806432000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2211 SOUTH 47TH STREET
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85034

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000008858-23-000029.txt : 20230818

10-K
 1
 avt-20230701x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that require a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to Section 240.10D-1(b) . Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value (approximate) of the registrant s common equity held by non-affiliates based on the closing price of a share of the registrant s common stock for Nasdaq Global Select Market composite transactions on December 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was . As of August 11, 2023, the total number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Common Stock was shares, net of treasury shares. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement (to be filed pursuant to Reg. 14A) relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders anticipated to be held on November 16, 2023, are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this Report. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 9 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 Item 2. Properties 19 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 19 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 19 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 20 Item 6. [Reserved] 22 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 22 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 32 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 33 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 68 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 68 Item 9B. Other Information 68 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 68 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 69 Item 11. Executive Compensation 69 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 69 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 69 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 69 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 70 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 74 Signature Page 76 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Avnet, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries (collectively, the Company or Avnet ), is a leading global electronic component technology distributor and solutions provider that has served customers evolving needs for more than a century. Founded in 1921, the Company works with suppliers in every major technology segment to serve customers in more than 140 countries. Avnet serves a wide range of customers: from startups and mid-sized businesses to enterprise-level original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), electronic manufacturing services EMS providers, and original design manufacturers ODMs ). Organizational Structure Avnet has two primary operating groups Electronic Components EC and Farnell Farnell ). Both operating groups have operations in each of the three major economic regions of the world: (i) the Americas, (ii) Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA and (iii) Asia/Pacific Asia ). Each operating group has its own management team, who manage various functions within each operating group. Each operating group also has distinct financial reporting to the executive level, which informs operating decisions, strategic planning and resource allocation for the Company as a whole. Regional divisions business units within each operating group serve primarily as sales and marketing units to streamline sales efforts and enhance each operating group s ability to work with its customers and suppliers, generally along more specific geographies or product lines. However, each business unit relies heavily on support services from the operating groups, as well as centralized support at the corporate level. A description of each operating group is presented below. Further financial information by operating group is provided in Note 16 Segment information to the consolidated financial statements appearing in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Electronic Components Avnet s EC operating group primarily supports high and medium-volume customers. It markets, sells, and distributes electronic components from the world s leading electronic component manufacturers, including semiconductors, IP E components (interconnect, passive and electromechanical components), and other integrated and embedded components. EC serves a variety of markets ranging from industrial to automotive to defense and aerospace. It offers an array of customer support options throughout the entire product lifecycle, including both turnkey and customized design, supply chain, new product introduction, programming, logistics and post-sales services. Within the EC operating group for 2023, net sales of approximately 85 consist of semiconductor products, approximately 13 consist of interconnect, passive, and electromechanical components, and approximately 2 consist of computers. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Design Chain Solutions EC offers design chain support that provides engineers with a host of technical design solutions, which helps EC support a broad range of customers seeking complex products and technologies. With access to a suite of design tools and engineering support, customers can get product specifications along with evaluation kits and reference designs that enable a broad range of applications from any point in the design cycle. EC also offers engineering and technical resources deployed globally to support product design, bill of materials development, and technical education and training. By utilizing EC s design chain support, customers can optimize their component selection and accelerate their time to market. EC s extensive product line card provides customers access to a diverse range of products from a complete spectrum of electronic component manufacturers. Supply Chain Solutions EC s supply chain solutions provide support and logistics services to OEMs, EMS providers, and electronic component manufacturers, enabling them to optimize supply chains on a local, regional or global basis. EC s internal competencies in global warehousing and logistics, information technology, and asset management, combined with its global footprint and extensive supplier relationships, allows EC to develop supply chain solutions that provide for a deeper level of engagement with its customers. These customers can manage their supply chains to meet the demands of a competitive global environment without a commensurate investment in physical assets, systems, and personnel. With supply chain planning tools and a variety of inventory management solutions, EC provides solutions that meet a customer s requirements and minimize supply chain risk in a variety of scenarios. Embedded and Integrated Solutions EC provides embedded solutions including technical design, integration and assembly of embedded products, systems, and solutions primarily for industrial applications. EC also provides embedded display solutions, including touch and passive displays. In addition, EC develops and produces standard board and industrial subsystems and application-specific devices that enable it to produce specialized systems tailored to specific customer requirements. EC serves OEMs that require embedded systems and solutions, including engineering, product prototyping, integration, and other value-added services in the medical, telecommunications, industrial, and digital editing markets. EC also provides integrated solutions and services for software companies that bring their intellectual property to market via hardware solutions, including custom-built servers. Farnell Avnet s Farnell operating group primarily supports lower-volume customers that need electronic components quickly to develop, prototype, and test their products. It distributes a comprehensive portfolio of kits, tools, electronic components, industrial automation components, and test and measurement products to both engineers and entrepreneurs, primarily through an e-commerce channel. Farnell brings the latest products, services, and development trends all together in element14, an industry-leading online community where engineers collaborate to solve one another s design challenges. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Within the Farnell operating group for 2023, net sales of approximately 21 consist of semiconductor products, approximately 48 consist of interconnect, passive, and electromechanical components, approximately 6 consist of computers, and approximately 25 consist of other products and services including test and measurement and maintenance, repair and operations products. Major Products One of Avnet s competitive strengths is the breadth and quality of the suppliers whose products it distributes. Products from one single supplier was approximately 10 of consolidated sales during fiscal 2023, and no single supplier exceeded 10 of consolidated sales during fiscal years 2022, and 2021. Listed in the table below are the major product categories and the Company s approximate sales of each during the past three fiscal years. Other consists primarily of test and measurement and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) products. 

Years Ended July 1, July 2, July 3, 2023 2022 2021 (Millions) Semiconductors 21,366.5 18,380.2 14,722.8 Interconnect, passive electromechanical (IP E) 4,150.6 4,639.1 3,649.0 Computers 520.8 663.2 640.6 Other 499.0 628.2 522.3 Sales 26,536.9 24,310.7 19,534.7 Competition Markets The electronic components industry is highly competitive. The Company s major competitors include: Arrow Electronics, Inc., Future Electronics, World Peace Group, and WT Microelectronics for EC; Mouser Electronics, Digi-Key Electronics and RS Components for Farnell. There are also certain smaller, specialized competitors who generally focus on particular sectors or on narrower geographic locations, markets, or products. As a result of these factors, Avnet s pricing and product availability must remain competitive. A key competitive factor in the electronic component distribution industry is the need to carry a sufficient amount and selection of inventory to meet customers demand and rapid delivery requirements. To minimize its exposure related to inventory on hand, the Company purchases a majority of its products pursuant to franchised distribution agreements, which typically provide certain protections for product obsolescence and price erosion. These agreements are generally cancelable upon 30 to 180 days notice and, in most cases, provide for or require inventory return privileges upon cancellation. In addition, the Company enhances its competitive position by offering a variety of value-added services, which are tailored to individual customer specifications and business needs, such as point of use replenishment, testing, assembly, programming, supply chain management, and materials management. A competitive advantage is the breadth of the Company s supplier product line card. Because of the number of Avnet s suppliers, many customers can simplify their procurement process and make all of their required purchases from Avnet, rather than purchasing from several different parties. Seasonality Historically, Avnet s business has not been materially impacted by seasonality, with the exception of an impact on consolidated results from shifts in geographic sales trends from Asia in the first half of a fiscal year to the Americas and EMEA regions in the second half of a fiscal year, which impact gross profit and operating income margins as a result of 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 such seasonal geographic sales mix changes. Human Capital The Company values its employees, and recognizes their significant contributions to the success of the Company. The Company invests in its global workforce to drive diversity and inclusion; provide fair and market-competitive pay and benefits; foster employee development for future opportunities within the company; promote employees health and safety; and obtain employees feedback to better understand employees experiences and identify opportunities to improve. Its core values of integrity, customer focus, ownership, teamwork and inclusiveness establish the foundation on which its culture is built and are key expectations of its employees. The Company believes that its culture and commitment to its employees are vital in its ability to attract, motivate and retain exceptional talent. Additional information regarding the Company s Human Capital programs, initiatives, and metrics can be found on its website as well as in its Sustainability Reports accessible on its website. The Sustainability Reports and other information contained on the Company s website are neither part of nor incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. Number of Employees As of July 1, 2023, the Company s global workforce totaled approximately 15,800 employees across 48 countries. Broken down by geographic region, approximately 4,700 employees are in the Americas, 6,800 employees are in EMEA, and 4,300 employees are in Asia. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion DEI The Company s DEI vision is (i) an employee population that reflects the diverse communities in which they live, work, and do business, and (ii) an organizational culture which seeks out varying perspectives that allow the best ideas to come to light. The Company is committed to ensuring equal employment opportunities for all applicants and employees regardless of race, gender, national origin, or other protected characteristic, with employment decisions and people practices based on merit and the needs of the Company s business. To oversee inclusion efforts, the Company created the Global DEI Council, a global cross-functioning team of leaders who represent various business units and corporate functions. The council meets regularly and engages with colleagues across the Company to connect DEI initiatives to the Company s broader business strategy. The Company s Equal Opportunity, Diversity and Inclusion Policy actively promotes DEI in the Company s talent management practices. The Company s commitment to diversity is evidenced by the makeup of its Board of Directors, which as of July 1, 2023, was 30 women and 50 racially and ethnically diverse (including Middle Eastern origin). In addition, for fiscal years 2021 through 2023, executive s annual incentive compensation included ESG non-financial performance goals. The Company s employee-led Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are open to all employees and provide a forum for employees to communicate and exchange ideas, build a network of relationships across the Company, and support each other in personal and career development. The Company s eight ERGs support the following communities: women, Asian and Pacific Islanders, Blacks, Hispanic and Latinos, U.S. veterans, LGBTQ+, later career employees; and environmental and sustainability causes. In partnership with the ERGs, the Company conducts listen-and-learn sessions on a variety of DEI topics, which promote meaningful discussions and allow employees to better understand and support each other. These group conversations are open to the entire Company, and are regularly attended by senior leaders, including the CEO. During fiscal 2023, sessions were conducted covering Black History Month, Women and Bias, 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Gender Inclusivity, Environment Sustainability and LGBTQ+ topics. DEI education topics are regularly presented at company-wide quarterly town hall, team, and leadership meetings, and through internal webinars and podcasts open to all employees. Additionally, the Company maintains an official culture and diversity calendar and publishes articles on its intranet to celebrate events and holidays around the world. Since 2020, Juneteenth, which commemorates the official end of slavery in the United States and the emancipation of Black slaves, has been an official company-paid holiday for employees in the United States, a year before the federal government recognized it officially. Pay Equity, Benefits and Wellness The Company strives to pay all its employees fairly, without regard to gender, race, or other personal characteristics, and competitively to attract, retain and incentivize talent. The Company sets pay ranges based on market data and considers factors, such as an employee s role, experience, tenure, job location, and job performance. The Company periodically reviews its compensation practices, both in terms of its overall workforce and individual employees, to help ensure that pay remains fair and equitable. The Company offers a wide array of benefits that support employees physical, financial, and emotional well-being. Through its THRIVE program, the Company offers resources and benefits to support overall health and well-being covering (1) physical and mental health, fitness, and well-being; (2) professional growth, skills, and development; (3) total rewards, retirement planning and money management; and (4) community connections, networks, and social interests. The health and well-being benefits are managed within the Total Rewards Center of Excellence in the Human Resources organization HR ). The global HR leadership team meets regularly to assist in reviewing benefit offerings and aligning global programs to remain market competitive and meet the needs of employees. Development and Training The Company provides development opportunities and career development training to empower employees to reach their career potential. The performance management process provides ongoing performance, goals, and development discussions between employees and their leaders. The Company s learning and development resources include mentoring programs and LinkedIn Learning and Business Book Summaries, which cover a variety of technical, business, interpersonal, and leadership topics. Lead2Achieve and InsideOut Coaching are available for leaders to develop skills in effective goal setting, coaching, feedback, and development. In Canada, United States and Mexico, the Company provides education financial assistance for employees who pursue undergraduate or graduate education to further their career development. Talent and succession planning activities are conducted for the Company s executive officers at least annually and periodically for other senior leaders. Health and Safety The Company strives to create workspaces and practices that foster a safe and secure work environment. The Company s Global Director of Environment, Health, and Safety Director helps to define and execute a compliance strategy across all regions, business units, and subsidiaries. In fiscal 2023, the Director began implementing a multi-year plan to improve alignment and consistency of management systems, policies, and procedures; provide comprehensive health and safety training to employees relevant to their specific work functions; drive continual improvement processes with a focus on identified risks; and increase ISO certifications at operational sites. During fiscal 2023, the Company also launched a Global Environment, Health, and Safety site on its intranet, where articles and other health and safety information are posted. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 As of July 1, 2023, the Company has 10 operational sites that are certified to ISO 45001, an increase from 8 in the prior fiscal year, and 18 that are certified to ISO 14001. In the past four years, the Company had less than 75 total injuries that required medical treatment and reported no fatalities at Avnet global facilities in accordance to the OSHA/local industrial injuring reporting requirements. Employee Engagement The Company engages with its employees and encourages open and direct feedback through employee engagement surveys. Through such surveys, the Company regularly collects feedback to better understand its employees experiences and identify opportunities to improve the work environment, increase employee satisfaction, and strengthen its culture. In fiscal 2023, the Company conducted its regular global employee engagement survey and achieved a participation rate of 71.4 , an increase over fiscal 2022. Available Information The Company files its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and other documents (including registration statements) with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or the Securities Act of 1933, as applicable. The Company s SEC filings are available to the public on the SEC s website at http://www.sec.gov and through The Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq ), 165 Broadway, New York, New York 10006, on which the Company s common stock is listed. A copy of any of the Company s filings with the SEC, or any of the agreements or other documents that constitute exhibits to those filings, can be obtained by request directed to the Company at the following address and telephone number: Avnet, Inc. 2211 South 47 th Street Phoenix, Arizona 85034 (480) 643-2000 Attention: Corporate Secretary The Company also makes these filings available, free of charge, through its website (see Avnet Website below). Avnet Website In addition to the information about the Company contained in this Report, extensive information about the Company can be found at http://www.avnet.com , including information about its management team, products and services, and corporate governance practices. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 The corporate governance information on the Company s website includes the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Code of Conduct and the charters for each of the committees of its Board of Directors. In addition, amendments to these documents and waivers granted to directors and executive officers under the Code of Conduct, if any, will be posted in this area of the website. These documents can be accessed at ir.avnet.com/documents-charters . Printed versions can be obtained, free of charge, by writing to the Company at the address listed above in Available Information. In addition, the Company s filings with the SEC, as well as Section 16 filings made by any of the Company s executive officers or directors with respect to the Company s common stock, are available on the Company s website ir.avnet.com/financial-information/sec-filings as soon as reasonably practicable after the filing is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These details about the Company s website and its content are only for information. The contents of the Company s website are not, nor shall they be deemed to be, incorporated by reference in this Report. Item 1A. Risk Factors Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors This Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, and business of Avnet. These statements are generally identified by words like believes, plans, projects, expects, anticipates, should, will, may, estimates, or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, and actual results and other outcomes could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which that statement is made. Except as required by law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which the statement is made. Risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements include the risk factors discussed below as well as risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company or that management does not currently consider material. Such factors make the Company s operating results for future periods difficult to predict and, therefore, prior results do not necessarily indicate results in future periods. Some of the risks disclosed below may have already occurred, but not to a degree that management considers material unless otherwise noted. Any of the below factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, may have an adverse effect on the Company s financial condition, operating results, prospects, and liquidity. Similarly, the price of the Company s common stock is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions; actual financial results that do not meet the Company s or the investment community s expectations; changes in the Company s or the investment community s expectations for the Company s future results, dividends or share repurchases; and other factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control. Business and Operations Risks Changes in customer needs and consumption models Changes in customer product demands and consumption models may cause a decline in the Company s billings, which would have a negative impact on the Company s financial results. Changes in technology (such as artificial intelligence) could reduce the types or quantity of services that customers require from the Company. While the Company attempts to identify changes in market conditions as soon as possible, the dynamics of the industries in which 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 it operates make it difficult to predict and timely react to such changes, including those relating to product capacity and lead times. Also, future downturns, inflation, or supply chain challenges, including in the semiconductor and embedded solutions industries, could adversely affect the Company s relationships with its customers, operating results, and profitability. Specifically, the semiconductor industry experiences periodic fluctuations in product supply and demand (often associated with changes in economic conditions, technology, and manufacturing capacity) and suppliers may not adequately predict or meet customer demand. Geopolitical uncertainty (including from military conflicts; health-related crises; and international trade disputes) have led, and may continue to lead, to shortages, extended lead times, and unpredictability in the supply of certain semiconductors and other electronic components. In reaction, customers may over order to ensure sufficient inventory, which, when the shortage lessens, may result in order cancellations and decreases. In cases where customers have entered into non-cancellable/ non-returnable orders, customers may not be able or willing to carry out the terms of the orders. The Company s prices to customers depend on many factors, including product availability, supplier costs, and competitive pressures. In fiscal 2022 and 2023, pricing to customers increased due to higher costs from suppliers, as well as higher freight and other costs. However, the Company may not be able to maintain higher prices to customers in the future. As product becomes more available, customer and competitive pressures may lower prices to customers, which could reduce the Company s margins. In addition, the Company may be unable to increase prices to customers to offset higher internal costs, which could also reduce margins. During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, sales of semiconductors represented approximately 81 , 76 , and 75 of the Company s consolidated sales, respectively, and the Company s sales closely follow the strength or weakness of the semiconductor industry. These conditions make it more difficult to manage the Company s business and predict future performance. Disruptions to key supplier and customer relationships One of the Company s competitive strengths is the breadth and quality of the suppliers whose products the Company distributes. For fiscal 2023, there was one of the Company s suppliers that accounted for 10 or more of the Company s consolidated billings. The Company s contracts with its suppliers vary in duration and are generally terminable by either party at will upon notice. The Company s suppliers may terminate or significantly reduce their volume of business with the Company because of a product shortage, an unwillingness to do business with the Company, changes in strategy, or otherwise. Shortages of products or loss of a supplier may negatively affect the Company s business and relationships with its customers, as customers depend on the Company s timely delivery of technology hardware and software from the industry s leading suppliers. In addition, shifts in suppliers strategies, or performance and delivery issues, may negatively affect the Company s financial results. These conditions make it more difficult to manage the Company s business and predict future performance. The competitive landscape has also experienced a consolidation among suppliers and capacity constraints, which could negatively impact the Company s profitability and customer base. Further, if key suppliers modify the terms of their contracts (including, without limitation, terms regarding price protection, rights of return, order cancellation rights, delivery commitments, rebates, or other terms that protect or enhance the Company s gross margins), it could negatively affect the Company s results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Due to recent global shortages of semiconductors, some suppliers have increased the amount of non-cancellable/ non-returnable orders, which limited the Company s ability to adjust down its inventory levels. The Company may attempt to limit associated risks by passing such terms on to its customers, but this may not be possible. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Risks related to international operations During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 approximately 76 , 77 and 78 , respectively, of the Company s sales came from its operations outside the United States. The Company s operations are subject to a variety of risks that are specific to international operations, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 potential restrictions on the Company s ability to repatriate funds from its foreign subsidiaries; foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations; non-compliance with foreign and domestic data privacy regulations, business licensing requirements, environmental regulations, and anti-corruption laws, the failure of which could result in severe penalties including monetary fines and criminal proceedings; non-compliance with foreign and domestic import and export regulations and adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, including technology transfer restrictions, additional license, permit or authorization requirements for shipments, specific company sanctions, new and higher duties, tariffs or surcharges, or other import/export controls; complex and changing tax laws and regulations; regulatory requirements and prohibitions that differ between jurisdictions; economic and political instability, terrorism, military conflicts (including the Russia-Ukraine conflict), or civilian unrest; fluctuations in freight costs (both inbound and outbound), limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure; natural disasters (including as a result of climate change), pandemics, and other public health crises; differing employment practices and labor issues; and non-compliance with local laws. In addition to the cost of compliance, the potential criminal penalties for violations of import or export regulations and anti-corruption laws, by the Company or its third-party agents, create heightened risks for the Company s international operations. If a regulatory body determines that the Company has violated such laws, the Company could be fined significant sums, incur sizable legal defense costs, have its import or export capabilities restricted or denied, or have its inventories seized, which could have a material and adverse effect on the Company s business. Additionally, allegations that the Company has violated any such regulations may negatively impact the Company s reputation, which may result in customers or suppliers being unwilling to do business with the Company. While the Company has adopted measures and controls designed to ensure compliance with these laws, these measures may not be adequate, and the Company may be materially and adversely impacted in the event of an actual or alleged violation. Tariffs, trade restrictions, and sanctions resulting from international trade disputes, changes in trade policies, or military conflicts may adversely affect the Company s sales and profitability. For example, the U.S. government imposed several trade policies, rules, and restrictions applicable to China and Hong Kong. In addition, in response to the Russian-Ukraine conflict, the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and numerous other countries initiated a variety of sanctions, export restrictions, currency controls and other restrictions against Russia. The Chinese and Russian governments have responded in kind with restrictions, sanctions, and other measures. These actions have resulted in losses; increased costs, including increased costs of procuring certain products the Company purchases from its suppliers; shortages of materials and electronic components; increased expenses such as energy, fuel, and freight costs, which may not 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 be possible to pass on to customers; increased cyber security attacks; credit market disruptions; and inflation, which may impact the Company s sales, customer demand for certain products, access to certain markets, and profits. In addition, increased operational expenses incurred in minimizing the number of products subject to the tariffs could adversely affect the Company s operating profits. Neither U.S. tariffs nor any retaliatory tariffs imposed by other countries on U.S. goods have yet had a material impact, but any future actions or escalations that affect trade relations could materially affect the Company s sales and results of operations. The Company transacts sales, pays expenses, owns assets, and incurs liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Because the Company s consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. Dollars, the Company must translate such activities and amounts into U.S. Dollars at exchange rates in effect during each reporting period. Therefore, increases or decreases in the exchange rates between the U.S. Dollar and other currencies affect the Company s reported amounts of sales, operating income, and assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. In addition, unexpected and dramatic changes in foreign currency exchange rates may negatively affect the Company s earnings from those markets. While the Company may use derivative financial instruments to reduce its net exposure, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations may materially affect the Company s financial results. Further, foreign currency instability and disruptions in the credit and capital markets may increase credit risks for some of the Company s customers and may impair its customers ability to repay existing obligations. Internal information systems failures The Company depends on its information systems to facilitate its day-to-day operations and to produce timely, accurate, and reliable information on financial and operational results. Currently, the Company s global operations are tracked with multiple information systems, including systems from acquired businesses, some of which are subject to ongoing IT projects designed to streamline or optimize the Company s systems. These IT projects are extremely complex, in part because of wide ranging processes, use of on-premise and cloud environments, the Company s business operations, and changes in information technology (including artificial intelligence). The Company may not always succeed at these efforts. Implementation or integration difficulties may adversely affect the Company s ability to complete business transactions and ensure accurate recording and reporting of financial data. In addition, IT projects may not achieve the expected efficiencies and cost savings, which could negatively impact the Company s financial results. A failure of any of these information systems (including due to power losses, computer and telecommunications failures, cyber security incidents, or manmade or natural disasters), or material difficulties in upgrading these information systems, could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, internal controls, and reporting obligations under federal securities laws. Due to the Company s increased online sales, system interruptions and delays that make its websites and services unavailable or slow to respond may reduce the attractiveness of its products and services to its customers. If the Company is unable to continually improve the efficiency of its systems, it could cause systems interruptions or delays and adversely affect the Company s operating results. Logistics disruptions The Company s global logistics services are operated through specialized and centralized distribution centers around the globe, some of which are outsourced. The Company also depends almost entirely on third-party transportation service providers to deliver products to its customers. A major interruption or disruption in service at one or more of its distribution centers for any reason or significant disruptions of services from the Company s third-party transportation providers could cause a delay in expected cost savings or an increase in expenses, which may not be possible to pass on to customers. Such disruptions could result from risks related to information technology, data security, or any of the General Risk Factors, as discussed herein. In addition, as the Company continues to increase capacity at various distribution centers, it may experience operational challenges, increased costs, decreased efficiency, 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 and customer delivery delays and failures. Such operational challenges could have an adverse impact on the Company s business partners, and on the Company s business, operations, financial performance, and reputation. Data security and privacy threats Threats to the Company s data and information technology systems (including cyber security attacks such as phishing and ransomware) are becoming more frequent and sophisticated. Threat actors have successfully breached the Company s systems and processes in various ways, and such cyber security breaches expose the Company to significant potential liability and reputational harm. Cyber security attacks have not yet materially impacted the Company s data (including data about customers, suppliers, and employees) or the Company s operations, financial condition, or data security, but future attacks could have a material impact. Threat actors seek unauthorized access to intellectual property, or confidential or proprietary information regarding the Company, its customers, its business partners, or its employees. They deploy malicious software programs that exploit security vulnerabilities, including ransomware designed to encrypt the Company s files so an attacker may demand a ransom for restored access. They also seek to misdirect money, sabotage data and systems, takeover internal processes, and induce employees or other system users to disclose sensitive information, including login credentials. In addition, some Company employees continue to work from home on a full-time or hybrid basis, which increases the Company s vulnerability to cyber and other information technology risks. Further, the Company s business partners and service providers, such as suppliers, customers, and hosted solution providers, pose a security risk because their own security systems or infrastructure may become compromised. The Company seeks to protect and secure its systems and information, prevent and detect evolving threats, and respond to threats as they occur. Measures taken include implementing and enhancing information security controls such as enterprise-wide firewalls, intrusion detection, endpoint protection, email security, disaster recovery, vulnerability management, and cyber security training for employees to enhance awareness of general security best practices, financial fraud, and phishing. Despite these efforts, the Company may not always be successful. Threat actors frequently change their techniques and, consequently, the Company may not always promptly detect the existence or scope of a security breach. As these types of threats grow and evolve, the Company may make further investments to protect its data and information technology infrastructure, which may impact the Company s profitability. The Company s insurance coverage for protecting against cyber-attacks may not be sufficient to cover all possible claims, and the Company may suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on its business. As a global enterprise, the Company may be negatively impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations, as well as government policies and practices, related to cybersecurity, data privacy, data localization, and data protection. Failure to comply with such requirements could have an adverse effect on the Company s reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as subject the Company to significant fines, litigation losses, third-party damages, and other liabilities. Financial Risks Inventory value decline The electronic components and integrated products industries are subject to technological change, new and enhanced products, changes in customer needs, and changes in industry standards and regulatory requirements, which can cause the Company s inventory to decline in value or become obsolete. Regardless of the general economic environment, prices may decline due to a decrease in demand or an oversupply of products, which may increase the risk of declines in inventory value. Many of the Company s suppliers offer certain protections from the loss in value of inventory (such as price protection and limited rights of return), but such policies may not fully compensate for the loss. Also, suppliers may not honor such agreements, some of which are subject to the supplier discretion. In addition, most Company sales are made pursuant to individual purchase orders, rather than through long-term sales contracts. Where there are contracts, such contracts are generally terminable at will upon notice. Unforeseen product developments, 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 inventory value declines, or customer cancellations may adversely affect the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Accounts receivable defaults Accounts receivable are a significant portion of the Company s working capital. If entities responsible for a significant amount of accounts receivable cease doing business, direct their business elsewhere, fail to pay, or delay payment, the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity could be adversely affected. An economic or industry downturn could adversely affect the Company s ability to collect receivables, which could result in longer payment cycles, increased collection costs, and defaults exceeding management s expectations. A significant deterioration in the Company s ability to collect accounts receivable in the United States could impact the cost or availability of financing under its accounts receivable securitization program. Liquidity and capital resources constraints The Company s ability to satisfy its cash needs and implement its capital allocation strategy depends on its ability to generate cash from operations and to access the financial markets, both of which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond the Company s control. In addition to cash on hand, the Company relies on external financing to help satisfy its cash needs. However, various factors affect external financing, including general market conditions, interest rate fluctuations, and the Company s debt ratings and operating results. Consequently, external financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. An increase in the Company s debt or deterioration of its operating results may cause a reduction in its debt ratings. Any such reduction could negatively impact the Company s ability to obtain additional financing or renew existing financing, and could result in reduced credit limits, increased financing expenses, and additional restrictions and covenants. A reduction in its current debt rating may also negatively impact the Company s working capital and impair its relationship with its customers and suppliers. As of July 1, 2023, the Company had debt outstanding with financial institutions under various notes, secured borrowings, and committed and uncommitted lines of credit. The Company needs cash to pay debt principal and interest, and for general corporate purposes, such as funding its ongoing working capital and capital expenditure needs. Under certain of its credit facilities, the applicable interest rate and costs are based in part on the Company s current debt rating. If its debt rating is reduced, higher interest rates and increased costs would result. Any material increase in the Company s financing costs or loss of access to cost-effective financing could have an adverse effect on its profitability, results of operations, and cash flows. Under some of its credit facilities, the Company is required to maintain a maximum leverage ratio and pass certain financial tests. If the Company increases its level of debt or its operating results deteriorate, it may fail to meet this financial ratio or pass these tests, which may result in an event of default. In such an event, lenders may accelerate payment and the Company may be unable to continue to utilize these facilities. If the Company is unable to utilize these facilities or is required to repay debt earlier than management expected, it may not have sufficient cash available to make interest payments, to repay indebtedness, or for general corporate needs. General economic or business conditions, both domestic and foreign, may be less favorable than management expects and could adversely impact the Company s sales or its ability to collect receivables from its customers, which may impact access to the Company s accounts receivable securitization program. Financing covenants and restrictions may limit management discretion The agreements governing the Company s financing, including its credit facility, accounts receivable securitization program, and the indentures governing the Company s outstanding notes, contain various covenants and restrictions that, 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 in certain circumstances, limit the Company s ability, and the ability of certain subsidiaries, to: 
 grant liens on assets; make restricted payments (including, under certain circumstances, paying dividends on, redeeming or repurchasing common stock); make certain investments; merge, consolidate, or transfer all, or substantially all, of the Company s assets; incur additional debt; or engage in certain transactions with affiliates. As a result of these covenants and restrictions, the Company may be limited in the future in how it conducts its business and may be unable to raise additional debt, repurchase common stock, pay a dividend, compete effectively, or make further investments. Tax law changes and compliance As a multinational corporation, the Company is subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States and many foreign jurisdictions. From time to time, governments enact or revise tax laws and regulations, which are further subject to interpretations, guidance, amendments, and technical corrections from international, federal, and state tax authorities. Such changes to tax law may adversely affect the Company s cash flow, costs of share buybacks, and effective tax rate, including through decreases in allowable deductions and higher tax rates. Many countries are adopting provisions to align their international tax rules with the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Project, led by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD and supported by the United States. The project aims to standardize and modernize global corporate tax policy, including tax rate increases and a global minimum tax. In October 2021, a substantial majority of the OECD s participating countries and jurisdictions agreed to introduce a 15 global minimum corporate tax rate that would apply to companies with revenue over a set threshold. Furthermore, many countries are independently evaluating their corporate tax policy, which could result in tax legislation and enforcement that adversely impacts the Company s tax provision and value of deferred assets and liabilities. These provisions, if enacted, individually or as a whole, may negatively impact taxation of international business. The tax laws and regulations of the various countries where the Company has operations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. The Company believes that its historical tax positions are sound and consistent with applicable law, and that it has adequately reserved for income taxes. However, taxing authorities may challenge such positions and the Company may not be successful in defending against any such challenges. The Company s future income tax expense could be favorably or adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets, and liabilities and changes to its operating structure. Constraints on internal controls Effective internal controls are necessary for the Company to provide reliable financial reports, safeguard its assets, and prevent and detect fraud. If the Company cannot do so, its brand and operating results could be harmed. Internal controls over financial reporting are intended to prevent and detect material misstatements in its financial reporting and material fraudulent activity, but are limited by human error, circumventing or overriding controls, and fraud. As a result, the Company may not identify all material activity or all immaterial activity that could aggregate into a material 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 misstatement. Therefore, even effective internal controls cannot guarantee that financial statements are wholly accurate or prevent all fraud and loss of assets. Management continually evaluates the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s internal controls. However, if the Company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved internal controls, or if the Company experiences difficulties in their implementation, the Company s business and operating results could be harmed. Additionally, the Company may be subject to sanctions or investigations by regulatory authorities, or the Company could fail to meet its reporting obligations, all of which could have an adverse effect on its business or the market price of the Company s securities. Acquisition expected benefits shortfall The Company has made, and expects to make, strategic acquisitions or investments globally to further its strategic objectives and support key business initiatives. Acquisitions and investments involve risks and uncertainties, some of which may differ from those associated with the Company s historical operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to, risks relating to expanding into emerging markets and business areas, adding additional product lines and services, impacting existing customer and supplier relationships, incurring costs or liabilities associated with the companies acquired, incurring potential impairment charges on acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, and diverting management s attention from existing operations and initiatives. As a result, the Company s profitability may be negatively impacted. In addition, the Company may not successfully integrate the acquired businesses, or the integration may be more difficult, costly, or time-consuming than anticipated. Further, any litigation involving the potential acquisition or acquired entity will increase expenses associated with the acquisition, cause a delay in completing the acquisition, impact the ability to integrate the acquired entity, which may impact the Company s profitability. The Company may experience disruptions that could, depending on the size of the acquisition, have an adverse effect on its business, especially where an acquisition target may have pre-existing regulatory issues or deficiencies, or material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting. Furthermore, the Company may not realize all benefits anticipated from its acquisitions, which could adversely affect the Company s financial performance. Legal and Regulatory Risks Legal proceedings costs and damages From time to time, the Company may become involved in legal proceedings, including government investigations, that arise out of the ordinary conduct of the Company s business, including matters involving intellectual property rights, commercial matters, merger-related matters, product liability, and other actions. Legal proceedings could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s efforts and other resources, and could have an adverse effect on the Company s operations and business reputation. The Company may be obligated to indemnify and defend its customers if the products or services that the Company sells are alleged to infringe any third party s intellectual property rights. The Company may not be able to obtain supplier indemnification for itself and its customers against such claims, or such indemnification may not fully protect the Company and its customers against such claims. Also, the Company is exposed to potential liability for technology and products that it develops for which it has no indemnification protections. If an infringement claim against the Company is successful, the Company may be required to pay damages or seek royalty or license arrangements, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. The Company may have to stop selling certain products or services, which could affect its ability to compete effectively. In addition, the Company s expanding business activities may include the assembly or manufacture of electronic component products and systems. Product defects, whether caused by a design, assembly, manufacture or component failure or error, or manufacturing processes not in compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements, may result in product liability claims, product recalls, fines, and penalties. Product liability risks could be particularly significant with respect to aerospace, 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 automotive, and medical applications because of the risk of serious harm to users of such products. Environmental regulations non-compliance The Company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations addressing environmental and other impacts from industrial processes, waste disposal, carbon emissions, use of hazardous materials in products and operations, recycling products, and other related matters. While the Company strives to fully comply with all applicable regulations, certain of these regulations impose liability without fault. Additionally, the Company may be held responsible for the prior activities of an entity it acquired. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in substantial costs, fines, and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury. Future environmental laws and regulations, including disclosure requirements, may become more stringent over time, imposing greater compliance costs, and increasing risks, penalties and reputational harm associated with violations. Customers, suppliers, investors, and regulatory agencies in various jurisdictions globally are increasingly requesting or requiring disclosure and action regarding the Company s supply chain due-diligence and environmental, social, and governance practices. Such increased expectations and regulations may increase compliance costs and result in reputational damage and loss of business if the Company is perceived to have not met such expectations. General Risk Factors Negative impacts of economic or geopolitical uncertainty, or a health crisis, on operations and financial results Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty (including from military conflicts and international trade disputes), as well as health-related crises (including pandemics and epidemics), have resulted, and may result in the future, in a variety of adverse impacts on the Company and its customers and suppliers. Such adverse impacts include decreased sales, margins, and earnings; increased logistics costs; demand uncertainty; constrained workforce participation; global supply chain disruptions; and logistics and distribution system disruptions. Such crises and uncertainties could also result in, or heighten the risks of, customer bankruptcies, customer delayed or defaulted payments, delays in product deliveries, financial market disruption and volatility, and other risk factors described in the Company s Annual Report. As a result, the Company may need to impair assets (including goodwill, intangible assets, and other long-lived assets), implement restructuring actions, and reduce expenses in response to decreased sales or margins. The Company may not be able to adequately adjust its cost structure in a timely fashion, which may adversely impact its profitability. Uncertainty about economic conditions may increase foreign currency volatility, which may negatively impact the Company s results. Economic weakness and geopolitical uncertainty also make it more difficult for the Company to manage inventory levels (including when customers decrease orders, cancel existing orders, or are unable to fulfill their obligations under non-cancelable/ non-return orders) and collect customer receivables, which may result in provisions to create reserves, write-offs, reduced access to liquidity, higher financing costs, and increased pressure on cash flows. An increase in or prolonged period of inflation could affect the Company s profitability and cash flows, due to higher wages, higher operating expenses, higher financing costs, and higher supplier prices. Inflation may also adversely affect foreign exchange rates. The Company may be unable to pass along such higher costs to its customers, which may result in lower gross profit margins. In addition, inflation may adversely affect customers financing costs, cash flows, and profitability, which could adversely impact their operations and the Company s ability to offer credit and collect receivables. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Competition The market for the Company s products and services is very competitive and subject to technological advances (including artificial intelligence), new competitors, non-traditional competitors, and changes in industry standards. The Company competes with other global and regional distributors, as well as some of the Company s own suppliers that maintain direct sales efforts. In addition, as the Company expands its offerings and geographies, the Company may encounter increased competition from current or new competitors. The Company s failure to maintain and enhance its competitive position could adversely affect its business and prospects. Furthermore, the Company s efforts to compete in the marketplace could cause deterioration of gross profit margins and, thus, overall profitability. The size of the Company s competitors varies across market sectors, as do the resources the Company has allocated to the sectors and geographic areas in which it does business. Therefore, some competitors may have greater resources or a more extensive customer or supplier base in some market sectors and geographic areas. As a result, the Company may not be able to effectively compete in certain markets, which could impact the Company s profitability and prospects. Employee retention and hiring constraints Identifying, hiring, training, developing, and retaining qualified and engaged employees is critical to the Company s success, and competition for experienced employees in the Company s industry can be intense. Restrictions on immigration or changes in immigration laws, including visa restrictions, may limit the Company s acquisition of key talent, including talent with diverse experience, background, ability, and perspectives. Changing demographics and labor work force trends may result in a loss of knowledge and skills as experienced workers leave the Company. In addition, as global opportunities and industry demands shift, and as the Company expands its offerings, the Company may encounter challenges in realigning, training, and hiring skilled personnel. Through organizational design activities, the Company periodically eliminates positions due to restructurings or other reasons, which may risk the Company s brand reputation as an employer of choice and negatively impact the Company s ability to hire and retain qualified personnel. Also, position eliminations may negatively impact the morale of employees who are not terminated, which could result in work stoppages or slowdowns, particularly where employees are represented by unions or works councils. If these circumstances occur, the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations could be seriously harmed. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties The Company owns and leases approximately 1.7 million and 4.2 million square feet of space, respectively, of which approximately 27 is in the United States. The following table summarizes certain of the Company s key facilities: 

Approximate Leased Square or Location Footage Owned Primary Use Chandler, Arizona 400,000 Owned EC warehousing and value-added operations Tongeren, Belgium 390,000 Owned EC warehousing and value-added operations Leeds, United Kingdom 360,000 Leased Farnell warehousing and value-added operations Poing, Germany 300,000 Owned EC warehousing and value-added operations Gaffney, South Carolina 220,000 Owned Farnell warehousing Hong Kong, China 210,000 Leased EC warehousing Phoenix, Arizona 180,000 Leased Corporate and EC Americas headquarters Chandler, Arizona 150,000 Leased EC warehousing, integration and value-added operations See Note 5, Property, plant and equipment, net and Note 11, Leases to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the Company s properties. Item 3. Legal Proceedings Pursuant to SEC regulations, including but not limited to Item 103 of Regulation S-K, the Company regularly assesses the status of and developments in pending environmental and other legal proceedings to determine whether any such proceedings should be identified specifically in this discussion of legal proceedings, and has concluded that no particular pending legal proceeding requires public disclosure. Based on the information known to date, management believes that the Company has appropriately accrued in its consolidated financial statements for its share of the estimable costs of environmental and other legal proceedings. The Company is also currently subject to various pending and potential legal matters and investigations relating to compliance with governmental laws and regulations, including import/export and environmental matters. The Company currently believes that the resolution of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity, but could possibly be material to its results of operations in any single reporting period. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information The Company s common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol AVT. Dividends The declaration and payment of future dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon the Company s financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors the Board of Directors considers relevant. In addition, certain of the Company s debt facilities may restrict the declaration and payment of dividends, depending upon the Company s then current compliance with certain covenants. Record Holders As of August 11, 2023, there were 1,384 registered holders of record of Avnet s common stock. Stock Performance Graphs and Cumulative Total Returns The graph below matches the cumulative 5-year total return of holders of Avnet s common stock with (i) the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index and (ii) a customized peer group of five companies (Agilysys Inc., Arrow Electronics Inc., Insight Enterprises Inc., Scansource Inc., and TD Synnex Corporation). The graph assumes that the value of the investment in Avnet s common stock, in each index, and in the peer group (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on 6/30/2018 and tracks it through 7/1/2023. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

6/30/2018 6/29/2019 6/27/2020 7/3/2021 7/2/2022 7/1/2023 Avnet, Inc. 100 107.49 63.35 99.84 108.02 132.42 Nasdaq Composite 100 107.78 132.70 200.58 153.53 191.93 Peer Group 100 100.41 98.26 195.94 174.09 214.52 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance . 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities During the fiscal year ended July 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a new share repurchase plan with an authorization to repurchase up to an aggregate of 600 million of common stock. The following table includes the Company s monthly purchases of the Company s common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, under the share repurchase program, which is part of publicly announced plans. 

Total Number of Approximate Dollar Total Average Shares Purchased Value of Shares That Number Price as Part of Publicly May Yet Be of Shares Paid per Announced Plans Purchased under the Period Purchased Share or Programs Plans or Programs April 2 April 29 11,051 39.88 11,051 318,519,000 April 30 May 27 196 40.01 196 318,511,000 May 28 July 1 318,511,000 Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations For a description of the Company s critical accounting policies and an understanding of Avnet and the significant factors that influenced the Company s performance during the past three fiscal years, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the description of the business appearing in Item 1 of this Report and the consolidated financial statements, including the related notes and schedule, and other information appearing in Item 8 of this Report. The Company operates on a 52/53 week fiscal year. Fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 contain 52 weeks compared to 53 weeks in fiscal 2021. The discussion of the Company s results of operations includes references to the impact of foreign currency translation. When the U.S. Dollar strengthens and the stronger exchange rates are used to translate the results of operations of Avnet s subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies, the result is a decrease in U.S. Dollars of reported results. Conversely, when the U.S. Dollar weakens, the weaker exchange rates result in an increase in U.S. Dollars of reported results. In the discussion that follows, results excluding this impact, primarily for subsidiaries in EMEA and Asia, are referred to as constant currency. In addition to disclosing financial results that are determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP ), the Company also discloses certain non-GAAP financial information, including: 
 Operating income excluding (i) restructuring, integration and other expenses (see Restructuring, Integration and Other Expenses in this MD A), (ii) Russian-Ukraine conflict related expenses (see Russian-Ukraine conflict related expenses in this MD A), and (iii) amortization of acquired intangible assets is referred to as adjusted operating income. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 The reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income is presented in the following table: 

Years Ended July 1, July 2, July 3, 2023 2022 2021 (Thousands) Operating income 1,186,800 939,011 281,408 Restructuring, integration and other expenses 28,038 5,272 84,391 Russian-Ukraine conflict related expenses 26,261 Amortization of acquired intangible assets and other 6,053 15,038 41,245 Adjusted operating income 1,220,891 985,582 407,044 Management believes that providing this additional information is useful to financial statement users to better assess and understand operating performance, especially when comparing results with prior periods or forecasting performance for future periods, primarily because management typically monitors the business both including and excluding these adjustments to GAAP results. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures to establish operational goals and, in many cases, for measuring performance for compensation purposes. However, any analysis of results on a non-GAAP basis should be used as a complement to, and in conjunction with, results presented in accordance with GAAP. Results of Operations Executive Summary Sales for fiscal 2023 were 26.54 billion, an increase of 9.2 from fiscal 2022 sales of 24.31 billion. Excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency, sales increased 13.4 as compared to sales in the prior year. This increase in sales was predominately driven by sales growth in both operating groups across all regions driven by strong global demand and to a lesser extent pricing for electronic components. Gross profit increased 216.8 million or 7.3 from fiscal 2022 gross profit due primarily to increases in sales. Gross profit margin of 12.0 decreased 21 basis points compared to 12.2 in fiscal 2022. This decrease is primarily driven by the unwinding of certain pricing premiums in the Farnell business. Operating income of 1.19 billion was 247.8 million or 26.4 higher than fiscal 2022. Operating income margin was 4.5 in fiscal 2023, as compared to 3.9 in fiscal 2022. The increase in operating income margin is primarily the result of increases in sales and the operating leverage created by the additional gross profit dollars without any meaningful increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. Adjusted operating income margin was 4.6 in fiscal 2023 as compared to 4.1 in fiscal 2022, an increase of 55 basis points. This increase in adjusted operating income margin is primarily due to increases in sales and the operating leverage created by the additional gross profit dollars. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 Sales Three-Year Analysis of Sales: By Operating Group and Geography The table below provides a year-over-year summary of sales for the Company and its operating groups. 

Years Ended Percent Change July 1, of July 2, of July 3, of 2023 to 2022 to 2023 Total 2022 Total 2021 Total 2022 2021 (Dollars in millions) Sales by Operating Group: EC 24,802.6 93.5 22,503.3 92.6 18,030.5 92.3 10.2 24.8 Farnell 1,734.3 6.5 1,807.4 7.4 1,504.2 7.7 (4.0) 20.2 26,536.9 24,310.7 19,534.7 Sales by Geographic Region: Americas 6,807.7 25.7 5,896.0 24.3 4,662.5 23.9 15.5 26.5 EMEA 9,229.4 34.8 7,838.1 32.2 6,149.9 31.5 17.8 27.5 Asia 10,499.8 39.5 10,576.6 43.5 8,722.3 44.6 (0.7) 21.3 Total Avnet 26,536.9 24,310.7 19,534.7 The table below provides reported and organic sales growth rates for fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 by geographic region and operating group. 

Sales Year-Year Sales Change in Year-Year Constant Change Currency Avnet 9.2 13.4 Avnet by region Americas 15.5 15.5 EMEA 17.8 27.0 Asia (0.7) 1.9 Avnet by operating group EC 10.2 14.4 Farnell (4.0) 0.9 Avnet s sales for fiscal 2023 were 26.54 billion, an increase of 2.23 billion, or 9.2 , from fiscal 2022 sales of 24.31 billion. Sales in constant currency increased 13.4 year over year, reflecting sales growth in both operating groups across all regions driven by strong global demand and to a lesser extent pricing for electronic components. EC sales in fiscal 2023 were 24.80 billion, representing a 10.2 increase over fiscal 2022 sales of 22.50 billion. EC sales increased 14.4 year over year in constant currency. The increase in EC sales is primarily due to double-digit growth in the Americas and EMEA regions driven primarily by strong demand in the industrial, transportation, and aerospace and defense sectors. Farnell sales in fiscal 2023 were 1.73 billion, a decrease of 73.0 million or 4.0 , from fiscal 2022 sales of 1.81 billion. The year-over-year decrease in sales was primarily a result of foreign currency translation from a strengthening U.S. Dollar. Farnell sales in constant currency increased 0.9 year over year as sales growth in the Americas was offset by sales declines in the EMEA and Asia regions. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit Gross profit in fiscal 2023 was 3.18 billion, an increase of 216.8 million, or 7.3 , from fiscal 2022 gross profit of 2.97 billion. Gross profit margin decreased to 12.0 in fiscal 2023 or 21 basis points from fiscal 2022 gross profit margin of 12.2 . EC gross profit margin increased year over year primarily due to a higher percentage of sales coming from the higher-margin western regions. Sales in the higher margin western regions represented approximately 60 of sales in fiscal 2023 as compared to 56 during fiscal 2022. Farnell gross profit margin decreased year over year primarily driven by the unwinding of certain component pricing premiums during fiscal 2023 and from unfavorable sales mix of lower margin products. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A expenses in fiscal 2023 were 1.97 billion, a decrease of 27.5 million, or 1.4 , from fiscal 2022. The year-over-year decrease in SG A expenses was primarily a result of foreign currency translation from a strengthening U.S. Dollar. Metrics that management monitors with respect to its operating expenses are SG A expenses as a percentage of sales and as a percentage of gross profit. In fiscal 2023, SG A expenses as a percentage of sales were 7.4 and as a percentage of gross profit were 61.8 , as compared with 8.2 and 67.3 , respectively, in fiscal 2022. The decreases in SG A expenses as a percentage of sales and gross profit resulted primarily from the operating leverage realized with higher sales, and lower amortization expenses, partially offset by increases in SG A expenses to support sales volumes. Russian-Ukraine Conflict Related Expenses During fiscal 2022, the Company incurred 26.3 million of costs associated with the Russian-Ukraine conflict, primarily comprised of 17.2 million of expense for credit loss reserves for trade accounts receivable from Russian customers that are no longer considered collectible. The remaining expense is related to product write-downs for Russia based customers and other Russian business operation wind-down costs. Restructuring, Integration and Other Expenses During fiscal 2023, the Company incurred restructuring, integration and other expenses primarily related to the planned closure of a distribution center. In addition, the Company increased its estimated environmental remediation reserves associated with certain legacy manufacturing operations that were divested several decades ago. As a result, during fiscal 2023 the Company recorded restructuring, integration, and other expenses of 28.0 million. The Company recorded 17.4 million for restructuring costs consisting of 16.1 million for severance, 0.5 million for facility exit costs and 0.8 million for asset impairments. The Company expects to realize approximately 16.0 million in incremental annualized operating costs savings as a result of such restructuring actions once completed. Integration and other costs were 2.6 million associated with incremental costs incurred as a result of the planned distribution center closure and 8.0 million related to the Company s estimated environmental remediation obligations, respectively. The after-tax impact of restructuring, integration and other expenses was 22.0 million and 0.24 per share on a diluted basis. During fiscal 2022, the Company recorded restructuring, integration and other expenses of 5.3 million, substantially all of which was related to integration costs. See Note 17, Restructuring expenses to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to restructuring expenses. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Income Operating income for fiscal 2023 was 1.19 billion, an increase of 247.8 million or 26.4 , from fiscal 2022 operating income of 939.0 million. The year-over-year increase in operating income is primarily driven by the increase in sales and lower SG A expenses, partially offset by a lower gross profit margin. Operating income margin was 4.5 in fiscal 2023 compared to 3.9 in fiscal 2022. Adjusted operating income for fiscal 2023 was 1.22 billion, an increase of 235.3 million or 23.9 , from fiscal 2022. Adjusted operating income margin was 4.6 in fiscal 2023 compared to 4.1 in fiscal 2022. EC operating income margin was 4.8 in fiscal 2023 compared to 3.9 in fiscal 2022. Farnell operating income margin was 9.5 in fiscal 2023 compared to 13.4 in fiscal 2022. Interest and Other Financing Expenses, Net Interest and other financing expenses for fiscal 2023 was 250.9 million, an increase of 150.5 million, or 149.9 , compared with interest and other financing expenses of 100.4 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in interest and other financing expenses in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022 is a result of higher outstanding borrowings and increases in average borrowing rates during fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. Gain on Legal Settlements and Other During fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a gain on legal settlements of 74.4 million before tax, 56.9 million after tax, and 0.61 per share on a diluted basis, in connection with the settlement of claims filed against certain manufacturers of capacitors. See Note 13, Commitments and contingencies to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to the gain on legal settlements. In June 2023, the Company settled a portion of its pension liability related to certain retirees and terminated vested employees in the Company s U.S. pension plan as part of a de-risking strategy. This strategy triggered settlement accounting which required immediate recognition of a portion of the accumulated losses associated with the plan. Consequently, the Company recognized non-cash settlement expense of 37.4 million in fiscal 2023. Income Tax The below discussion of the effective tax rate for the periods presented in the statements of operations is in comparison to the 21 U.S. statutory federal income tax rate. Avnet s effective tax rate on its income before income taxes was 21.6 in fiscal 2023. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was unfavorably impacted primarily by (i) U.S. state taxes, (ii) increases to valuation allowances against deferred tax assets, and (iii) the mix of income in higher income tax jurisdictions, partially offset by (iv) the impact of foreign currency translation loss. For fiscal 2022, the Company s effective tax rate on its income before income taxes was 16.9 . The effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was favorably impacted primarily by decreases to valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. See Note 9, Income taxes to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion on the effective tax rate. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Net Income As a result of the factors described in the preceding sections of this MD A, the Company s net income in fiscal 2023 was 770.8 million, or earnings per share on a diluted basis of 8.26, compared with fiscal 2022 net income of 692.4 million, or earnings per share on a diluted basis of 6.94. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows Cash Flows from Operating Activities The Company used 713.7 million of cash from its operating activities in fiscal 2023 as compared to 219.3 million of cash used in fiscal 2022. These operating cash flows are comprised of: (i) cash flows generated from net income, adjusted for the impact of non-cash and other items, which includes depreciation and amortization expense, deferred income taxes, stock-based compensation expense, amortization of operating lease assets and other non-cash items, and (ii) cash flows used for, or generated from, working capital and other, excluding cash and cash equivalents. Cash used for working capital and other to support sales growth was 1.68 billion during fiscal 2023, including increases in accounts receivable of 461.1 million and inventories of 1.17 billion, and a decrease in accounts payable of 75.9 million, offset by an increase in accrued expenses and other of 28.8 million. Comparatively, cash used for working capital and other was 1.09 billion during fiscal 2022, including increases in accounts receivable of 1.13 billion and inventories of 1.22 billion, offset by increases in accounts payable of 1.13 billion, and accrued expenses and other of 134.4 million. Cash Flows from Financing Activities During fiscal 2023, the Company received net proceeds of 498.6 million as a result of the issuance of 500.0 million of 6.25 Notes due March 2028, 728.2 million under the Credit Facility, and 258.0 million under the Securitization Program, and repaid 96.2 million under other short-term debt. During fiscal 2023, the Company paid dividends on common stock of 106.3 million, and repurchased 221.7 million of common stock. During fiscal 2022, the Company received net proceeds of 300.0 million as a result of the issuance of 300.0 million of 5.50 Notes due May 2032, 274.9 million under the Securitization Program, and 235.0 million from borrowings of various bank credit facilities. During fiscal 2022, the Company repaid 354.3 million of notes, paid dividends on common stock of 98.5 million, and repurchased 184.4 million of common stock. Cash Flows from Investing Activities During fiscal 2023, the Company used 194.7 million for capital expenditures compared to 48.9 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in capital expenditures year over year was primarily related to expenditures for a new distribution center being built in EMEA to support the future growth of the EC EMEA business. During fiscal 2023, the Company used 16.9 million for other investing activities. During fiscal 2022, the Company received 90.4 million from investing activities related to the liquidation of Company owned life insurance policies. Financing Transactions The Company uses a variety of financing arrangements, both short-term and long-term, to fund its operations in addition to historical cash generated from operating activities. The Company also uses several funding sources to avoid becoming overly dependent on one financing source, and to lower overall funding costs. These financing arrangements 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 include public debt Notes ), short-term and long-term bank loans, a revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility ), and an accounts receivable securitization program (the Securitization Program ). The Company has various lines of credit, financing arrangements, and other forms of bank debt in the U.S. and various foreign locations to fund the short-term working capital, foreign exchange, overdraft, and letter of credit needs of its wholly owned subsidiaries. Outstanding borrowings under such forms of debt at the end of fiscal 2023 was 70.6 million. As an alternative form of liquidity outside of the United States, the Company sells certain of its trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis to financial institutions pursuant to factoring agreements. The Company accounts for these transactions as sales of receivables and presents cash proceeds as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Factoring fees for the sales of trade accounts receivable are recorded within Interest and other financing expenses, net and were not material to the consolidated financial statements. See Note 7, Debt to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on financing transactions including the Credit Facility, the Securitization Program and the outstanding Notes as of July 1, 2023. Covenants and Conditions The Company s Credit Facility contains certain covenants with various limitations on debt incurrence, share repurchases, dividends, investments and capital expenditures, and also includes financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain a leverage ratio below a certain threshold. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of July 1, 2023. The Company s Securitization Program contains certain covenants relating to the quality of the receivables sold. If these conditions are not met, the Company may not be able to borrow any additional funds and the financial institutions may consider this an amortization event, as defined in the Securitization Program agreements, which would permit the financial institutions to liquidate the accounts receivables sold to cover any outstanding borrowings. Circumstances that could affect the Company s ability to meet the required covenants and conditions of the Securitization Program include the Company s ongoing profitability and various other economic, market, and industry factors. The Company was in compliance with all such covenants as of July 1, 2023. Management does not believe that the covenants under the Credit Facility or Securitization Program limit the Company s ability to pursue its intended business strategy or its future financing needs. See Liquidity below for further discussion of the Company s availability under these various facilities. Liquidity The Company had cash and cash equivalents of 288.2 million as of July 1, 2023, of which 194.5 million was held outside the United States. As of July 2, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 153.7 million, of which 60.4 million was held outside of the United States. During periods of weakening demand in the electronic components industry, the Company typically generates cash from operating activities. Conversely, the Company will use cash for working capital requirements during periods of higher growth. The Company used 713.7 million in cash flows for operating activities during the fiscal year ended July 1, 2023, to support the fiscal 2023 sales growth. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity is subject to many factors, such as normal business operations and general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, and regulatory factors that are beyond the Company s control. To the extent the cash balances held in foreign locations cannot be remitted back to the U.S. in a tax efficient manner, those cash balances are generally used for ongoing working capital, including the need to purchase inventories, capital expenditures and other foreign business needs. In addition, local government regulations may restrict the Company s ability to move funds among various locations under certain circumstances. Management does not believe such restrictions would limit the Company s ability to pursue its intended business strategy. As of July 1, 2023, there were 796.6 million of borrowings outstanding under the Credit Facility and 0.9 million in letters of credit issued, and 555.8 million outstanding under the Securitization Program. During fiscal 2023, the Company had an average daily balance outstanding under the Credit Facility of approximately 1.13 billion and 549.1 million under the Securitization Program. As of July 1, 2023, the combined availability under the Credit Facility and the Securitization Program was 846.7 million. Availability under the Securitization Program is subject to the Company having sufficient eligible trade accounts receivable in the United States to support desired borrowings. The Company has the following contractual obligations outstanding as of July 1, 2023 (in millions): 

Payments due by period Less than More than Contractual Obligations Total 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years 5 years Long-term debt obligations (1) 3,073.0 70.6 1,105.8 1,296.6 600.0 Interest expense on long-term debt obligations (2) 699.5 157.7 269.6 181.4 90.8 Operating lease obligations (3) 287.5 58.1 86.2 44.4 98.8 

 (1) Includes amounts due within one year and excludes unamortized discount and issuance costs on debt. (2) Represents interest expense due on debt by using fixed interest rates for fixed rate debt and assuming the same interest rate at the end of fiscal 2023 for variable rate debt. (3) Excludes imputed interest on operating lease liabilities. The Company purchases inventories in the normal course of business throughout the year through the issuance of purchase orders to suppliers. During fiscal 2023, the Company s cost of sales, substantially all of which related to the underlying purchase of inventories was 23.4 billion and the Company had 5.5 billion of inventories as of July 1, 2023. The Company expects to continue to purchase sufficient inventory to meet its customers demands in fiscal year 2024, some of which relates to outstanding purchase orders at the end of fiscal 2023. Outstanding purchase orders with suppliers may be non-cancellable/non-returnable at the point such orders are issued, or may become non-cancellable at some point in the future, typically within 30 days to 90 days from the requested delivery date of inventories. At July 1, 2023, the Company had an estimated liability for income tax contingencies of 130.5 million, which is not included in the above table. Cash payments associated with the settlement of these liabilities that are expected to be paid within the next 12 months is 1.0 million. The settlement period for the remaining amount of the unrecognized tax benefits, including related accrued interest and penalties, cannot be determined, and therefore was not included in the table. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 As of July 1, 2023, the Company may repurchase up to an aggregate of 318.5 million of shares of the Company s common stock through the share repurchase program approved by the Board of Directors. The Company may repurchase stock from time to time at the discretion of management, subject to strategic considerations, market conditions including share price and other factors. The Company may terminate or limit the share repurchase program at any time without prior notice. During fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased 212.8 million of common stock. The Company has historically paid quarterly cash dividends on shares of its common stock, and future dividends are subject to approval by the Board of Directors. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, the Board of Directors approved a dividend of 0.29 per share, which resulted in 26.5 million of dividend payments during the quarter. The Company continually monitors and reviews its liquidity position and funding needs. Management believes that the Company s ability to generate operating cash flows through the liquidation of working capital in the future and available borrowing capacity, including capacity for the non-recourse sale of trade accounts receivable, will be sufficient to meet its future liquidity needs. Additionally, the Company believes that it has sufficient access to additional liquidity from the capital markets if necessary. Critical Accounting Policies The Company s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are based upon the Company s continual evaluation of available information, including historical results and anticipated future events. Actual results may differ materially from these estimates. The Securities and Exchange Commission defines critical accounting policies as those that are, in management s view, most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgments and estimates. Management believes the Company s most critical accounting policies at the end of fiscal 2023 relate to: Valuation of Inventories Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost or estimated net realizable value. Inventory cost includes the purchase price of finished goods and any freight cost incurred to receive the inventory into the Company s distribution centers. The Company s inventories include electronic components sold into changing, cyclical, and competitive markets, so inventories may decline in market value or become obsolete. The Company regularly evaluates inventories for expected customer demand, obsolescence, current market prices, and other factors that may render inventories less marketable. Write-downs are recorded so that inventories reflect the estimated net realizable value and take into account the Company s contractual provisions with its suppliers, which may provide certain protections to the Company for product obsolescence and price erosion in the form of rights of return, stock rotation rights, obsolescence allowances, industry specific supplier rebate programs and price protections. Because of the large number of products and suppliers and the complexity of managing the process around price protections, supplier rebate programs and stock rotations, estimates are made regarding the net realizable value of inventories. Additionally, assumptions about future demand and market conditions, as well as decisions to discontinue certain product lines, impact the evaluation of whether to write-down inventories. If future demand changes or actual market conditions are less favorable than assumed, then management evaluates whether additional write-downs of inventories are required. In any case, actual net realizable values could be different from those currently estimated. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Accounting for Income Taxes Management s judgment is required in determining income tax expense, unrecognized tax benefit liabilities , deferred tax assets and liabilities, and valuation allowances recorded against net deferred tax assets. Recovering net deferred tax assets depends on the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain jurisdictions. In addition, when assessing the need for valuation allowances, the Company considers historic levels and types of income, expectations and risk associated with estimates of future taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. If the Company determines that it cannot realize all or part of its deferred tax assets in the future, it may record additional valuation allowances against the deferred tax assets with a corresponding increase to income tax expense in the period such determination is made. Similarly, if the Company determines that it can realize all or part of its deferred tax assets that have an associated valuation allowance established, the Company may release a valuation allowance with a corresponding benefit to income tax expense in the period such determination is made. The Company establishes contingent liabilities for potentially unfavorable outcomes of positions taken on certain tax matters. These liabilities are based on management s assessment of whether a tax benefit is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The anticipated and actual outcomes of these matters may differ, which may result in changes in estimates to such unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. To the extent such changes in estimates are necessary, the Company s effective tax rate may fluctuate. In accordance with the Company s accounting policy, accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recorded as a component of income tax expense. In determining the Company s income tax expense, management considers current tax regulations in the numerous jurisdictions in which it operates, including the impact of tax law and regulation changes in the jurisdictions the Company operates in. The Company exercises judgment for interpretation and application of such current tax regulations. Changes to such tax regulations or disagreements with the Company s interpretation or application by tax authorities in any of the Company s major jurisdictions may have a significant impact on the Company s income tax expense. See Note 9, Income taxes to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion on income tax expense, valuation allowances and unrecognized tax benefits. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In September 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-04, Liabilities (subtopic 405-50): Supplier Finance Programs ASU No. 2022-04 to enhance the transparency of certain supplier finance programs to allow financial statement users to understand the effect on working capital, liquidity and cash flows. The new pronouncement requires qualitative and quantitative disclosure sufficient to enable users of the financial statements to understand the nature, activity during the period, changes from period to period and potential magnitude of such programs. The Company plans to adopt this guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2024, except for the amendment on roll-forward information, which is effective in fiscal 2025. The Company s planned adoption of ASU No. 2022-04 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The Company seeks to reduce earnings and cash flow volatility associated with changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates by entering into financial arrangements, from time to time, which are intended to provide an economic hedge against all, or a portion of the risks associated with such volatility. The Company continues to have exposure to such risks to the extent they are not economically hedged. The following table sets forth the scheduled maturities of the Company s debt outstanding at July 1, 2023 (dollars in millions): 

Fiscal Year 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Liabilities: Fixed rate debt (1) 550.0 500.0 600.0 1,650.0 Floating rate debt 70.6 555.8 796.6 1,423.0 

 (1) Excludes unamortized discounts and issuance costs. The following table sets forth the carrying value and fair value of the Company s debt and the average interest rates at July 1, 2023, and July 2, 2022 (dollars in millions): 

Carrying Value Fair Value at Carrying Value Fair Value at at July 1, 2023 at July 1, 2023 at July 2, 2022 July 2, 2022 Liabilities: Fixed rate debt (1) 1,650.0 1,567.5 1,324.6 1,265.8 Average interest rate 5.0 4.1 Floating rate debt 1,423.0 1,423.0 297.8 297.8 Average interest rate 5.3 2.6 

 (1) Excludes unamortized discounts and issuance costs. Fair value was estimated primarily based upon quoted market prices for the Company s public long-term notes. Many of the Company s subsidiaries purchase and sell products in currencies other than their functional currencies, which subjects the Company to the risks associated with fluctuations in currency exchange rates. The Company uses economic hedges to reduce this risk utilizing natural hedging (i.e., offsetting receivables and payables in the same foreign currency) and creating offsetting positions through the use of derivative financial instruments (primarily forward foreign currency exchange contracts typically with maturities of less than 60 days, but no longer than one year). The Company continues to have exposure to foreign currency risks to the extent they are not economically hedged. The Company adjusts any economic hedges to fair value within the same line item in the consolidated statements of operations as the remeasurement of the underlying assets or liabilities being economically hedged. Therefore, the changes in valuation of the underlying items being economically hedged are offset by the changes in fair value of the forward foreign exchange contracts. A hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates under the forward foreign currency exchange contracts outstanding at July 1, 2023, would result in an increase or decrease of approximately 80.0 million to the fair value of the forward foreign exchange contracts, which would generally be offset by an opposite effect on the underlying exposure being economically hedged. See Note 2, Derivative financial instruments to the Company s consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion on derivative financial instruments. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Financial Statements 

Page 1. Consolidated Financial Statements: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 34 Avnet, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets at July 1, 2023, and July 2, 2022 36 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2023, July 2, 2022, and July 3, 2021 37 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2023, July 2, 2022, and July 3, 2021 38 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2023, July 2, 2022, and July 3, 2021 39 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2023, July 2, 2022, and July 3, 2021 40 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 41 2. Financial Statement Schedule: Schedule II (Valuation and Qualifying Accounts) for the fiscal years ended July 1, 2023, July 2, 2022, and July 3, 2021 75 Schedules other than that above have been omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Shareholders and Board of Directors Avnet, Inc.: Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Avnet, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of July 1, 2023 and July 2, 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 1, 2023, and the related notes and financial statement schedules II (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 1, 2023 and July 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended July 1, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 1, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Evaluation of accounting for income taxes As discussed in Notes 1 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognized 187.3 million of deferred tax assets, net and income tax expense of 212.1 million as of and for the year ended July 1, 2023. Additionally, as discussed in Note 8, the Company recognized accrued income taxes of 93.5 million as of July 1, 2023. The Company conducts business globally and consequently is subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income taxes as well as foreign income taxes in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates. The Company exercises judgment for the interpretation and application of such current tax regulations. We identified the evaluation of accounting for income taxes as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the Company s application of current tax regulations in various foreign jurisdictions and the impact of those regulations on foreign, U.S. federal, state and local income tax provisions required complex auditor judgment and the use of tax professionals with specialized skills. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s income tax process, including controls related to the application of current tax regulations in the various tax jurisdictions and impact on the Company s tax provisions. We involved tax professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in various tax jurisdictions, who assisted in evaluating the Company s analyses over the application of current tax regulations and the Company s interpretation of tax laws and regulations in those jurisdictions. /s/ KPMG LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2002. Phoenix, Arizona August 18, 2023 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

July 1, July 2, 2023 2022 (Thousands, except share amounts) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories Prepaid and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Operating lease assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Short-term debt Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Short-term operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Shareholders equity: Common stock par; authorized shares; issued shares and shares, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended July 1, July 2, July 3, 2023 2022 2021 (Thousands, except per share amounts) Sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Russian-Ukraine conflict related expenses Restructuring, integration and other expenses Operating income Other income (expense), net ) ) Interest and other financing expenses, net ) ) ) Gain on legal settlements and other Income before taxes Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Shares used to compute earnings per share: Basic Diluted Cash dividends paid per common share See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Years Ended July 1, July 2, July 3, 2023 2022 2021 (Thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation and other ) Cross-currency swap ) Pension adjustments, net ) Total comprehensive income, net of tax See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Years Ended July 1, 2023, July 2, 2022, and July 3, 2021 

Accumulated Common Common Additional Other Total Stock- Stock- Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Earnings (Loss) Income Equity (Thousands) Balance, June 27, 2020 ) Net income Translation adjustments and other Pension liability adjustments, net of tax of Cash dividends per share) ) ) Effects of new accounting principles ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, July 3, 2021 ) Net income Translation adjustments and other ) ) Pension liability adjustments, net of tax of ) ) Cash dividends per share) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, July 2, 2022 ) Net income Translation adjustments and other Pension liability adjustments, net of tax of Cross-currency swap ) ) Cash dividends per share) ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance, July 1, 2023 ) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended July 1, July 2, July 3, 2023 2022 2021 (Thousands) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Non-cash and other reconciling items: Depreciation Amortization Amortization of operating lease assets Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Impairments Other, net Changes in (net of effects from businesses acquired and divested): Receivables ) ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other, net Net cash flows (used for) provided by operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of notes, net of discounts Repayments of public notes ) ) Borrowings under accounts receivable securitization, net Borrowings (repayments) under senior unsecured credit facility, net ) Borrowings (repayments) under bank credit facilities and other debt, net ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash flows provided by (used for) financing activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions of assets and businesses ) Proceeds from liquidation of Company owned life insurance policies Other, net ) Net cash flows (used for) provided by investing activities ) ) Effect of currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents: increase (decrease) ) ) at beginning of period at end of period Additional cash flow information (Note 15) See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 40 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 41 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)); machinery, fixtures and equipment - ); information technology hardware and software - years); and leasehold improvements (over the applicable lease term or economic useful life, if shorter). The Company amortizes intangible assets acquired in business combinations or asset combinations using the straight-line method over the estimated economic useful lives of the intangible assets from the date of acquisition, which is generally between - . . The Company s equipment leases are primarily for automobiles, distribution center equipment and office equipment, which are not material to the consolidated financial statements. The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Lease right-of-use assets operating lease assets and associated liabilities operating lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. Certain lease agreements may include one or more options to extend or terminate a lease. Lease terms are inclusive of these options if it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise such options. The Company s leases generally do not provide an implicit borrowing rate, as such, the discount rate used to calculate present value is based upon an estimate of the Company s secured borrowing rate, which varies based on the lease term and the currency of the lease payments. Lease cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included as a component of Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Lease payments are primarily fixed; however, certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the measurement of operating lease assets and liabilities. 
 42 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 43 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 44 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
 45 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 transfers of assets measured at fair value between the three levels of the fair value hierarchy. The carrying amounts of the Company s financial instruments, including cash equivalents, receivables, and accounts payable approximate their fair values at July 1, 2023, due to the short-term nature of these assets and liabilities. At July 1, 2023, and July 2, 2022, the Company had million and million, respectively, of cash equivalents that were measured at fair value based upon Level 1 criteria. 
 46 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 , but no longer than ). The Company continues to have exposure to foreign currency risks to the extent they are not economically hedged. The fair value of forward foreign exchange contracts is based upon Level 2 criteria under the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy. The Company s master netting and other similar arrangements with various financial institutions related to derivative financial instruments allow for the right of offset. The Company s policy is to present derivative financial instruments with the same counterparty as either a net asset or liability when the right of offset exists. Under the Company s economic hedging policies, gains and losses on the derivative financial instruments are classified within the same line item in the consolidated statements of operations as the remeasurement of the underlying assets or liabilities being economically hedged. During the third quarter of fiscal 2023, the Company entered into a fixed-to-fixed rate cross currency swap (the cross-currency swap with a notional amount of million, or million, that is set to mature in March 2028. The Company designated this derivative contract as a net investment hedge of its European operations and elected the spot method for measuring hedge effectiveness. Changes in fair value of the cross-currency swap is presented in Accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets. Amounts related to the cross-currency swap recognized directly in net income represent net periodic interest settlements and accruals, which are recognized in Interest and other financing expenses, net, on the consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the cross-currency swaps is based upon Level 2 criteria under the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy. The Company uses these derivative financial instruments to manage risks associated with foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Company does not enter derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes and monitors the financial stability and credit standing of its counterparties. 
 47 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Accrued expenses and other Cross-currency swap Other liabilities The locations of derivative financial instruments on the Company s consolidated statements of operations are as follows: ) ) Cross currency swap Interest and other financing expense, net ) ) Accumulated pension liability adjustments, net of income taxes ) ) ) Total accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Substantially all amounts reclassified out of Accumulated comprehensive loss, net of tax , to operating expenses during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 related to net periodic pension costs as discussed further in Note 10. Share repurchase program During fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased million shares under existing programs for a total cost of million. As of July 1, 2023, the Company had million remaining under its new share repurchase authorization. Common stock dividend During fiscal 2023, the Company paid dividends of per common share and million in total. 
 48 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Allowance for Credit Losses ) ) The Company had the following activity in the allowance for credit losses during fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022: 

July 1, July 2, 2023 2022 (Thousands) Balance at beginning of the period Credit Loss Provisions Russian-Ukraine conflict Credit Loss Provisions Credit Loss Recoveries ) ) Receivables Write Offs ) ) Foreign Currency Effect and Other ) Balance at end of the period During fiscal 2022, the Company incurred million of expense, primarily related to million of credit loss provisions associated with accounts receivable from Russian customers that were no longer considered collectible. The remaining million of expenses were related to product write downs and other costs associated with the wind-down of the Company s business operations in Russia and Ukraine. Machinery, fixtures and equipment Information technology hardware and software Leasehold improvements Depreciable property, plant and equipment, gross Accumulated depreciation ) ) Depreciable property, plant and equipment, net Land Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment, net Depreciation expense related to property, plant, and equipment, was million, million and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Interest expense capitalized during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was not material. 
 49 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Foreign currency translation Carrying value at July 1, 2023 (1) 

 (1) Includes accumulated impairment of from prior fiscal years. Intangible Assets The net book value of intangible assets was million as of July 1, 2023, which is not material to the consolidated financial statements. Intangible asset amortization expense was million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Short-term debt Other short-term debt consists primarily of various committed and uncommitted lines of credit and other forms of bank debt with financial institutions utilized primarily to support the ongoing working capital requirements of the Company, including its foreign operations. 
 50 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Credit Facility (due August 2027) Public notes due: April 2026 May 2031 June 2032 March 2028 Long-term debt before discount and debt issuance costs Discount and debt issuance costs unamortized ) ) Long-term debt In December 2022, the Company amended and extended its trade accounts receivable securitization program (the Securitization Program in the United States with a group of financial institutions. The Securitization Program allows the Company to transfer, on an ongoing revolving basis, an undivided interest in a designated pool of trade accounts receivable, to provide security or collateral for borrowings of up to million, which was amended in May 2023 to increase the borrowing capacity to million. The Securitization Program does not qualify for off balance sheet accounting treatment and any borrowings under the Securitization Program are recorded as debt in the consolidated balance sheets. Under the Securitization Program, the Company legally sells and isolates certain U.S. trade accounts receivable into a wholly owned and consolidated bankruptcy remote special purpose entity. Such receivables, which are recorded within Receivables in the consolidated balance sheets, totaled billion and billion at July 1, 2023, and July 2, 2022, respectively. The Securitization Program contains certain covenants relating to the quality of the receivables sold. There were million and million borrowings outstanding under the Securitization Program as of July 1, 2023, and as of July 2, 2022, respectively. In 2022, the Company amended and extended its billion revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks, which expires in August 2027. It consists of revolving credit facilities and the issuance of up to million of letters of credit and up to million of loans in certain approved currencies. Under the Credit Facility, the Company may select from various interest rate options, currencies, and maturities. The Credit Facility contains certain covenants including various limitations on debt incurrence, share repurchases, dividends, investments, and capital expenditures. The Credit Facility also includes a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain a leverage ratio not to exceed a certain threshold, which the Company was in compliance with as of July 1, 2023. At July 1, 2023, and July 2, 2022, there were million and million, respectively, in letters of credit issued under the Credit Facility. In March 2023, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount of Notes due 2028. The related discount and issuance costs will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the notes and are not considered material to the consolidated financial statements. Interest is payable semi-annually, in arrears, in March and September, commencing September 2023. 
 51 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Subtotal Discount and debt issuance costs unamortized ) Total debt At July 1, 2023, the carrying value and fair value of the Company s total debt was billion and billion, respectively. At July 2, 2022, the carrying value and fair value of the Company s total debt was billion and billion, respectively. Fair value for the public notes was estimated based upon quoted market prices (Level 1) and, for other forms of debt, fair value approximates carrying value due to the market based variable nature of the interest rates on those debt facilities (Level 2). Accrued operating costs Accrued interest and banking costs Accrued restructuring costs Accrued income taxes Accrued property, plant and equipment Accrued other Total accrued expenses and other 
 52 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) State and local ) Foreign Total current taxes ) Deferred: Federal ) ) State and local ) Foreign ) Total deferred taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) The tax provision is computed based upon income (loss) before income taxes from both U.S. and foreign operations. U.S. income (loss) before income taxes was million, million and, ) million, in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, and foreign income before income taxes was million, million, and million, in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The Company asserts that all of its unremitted foreign earnings are permanently reinvested, and any unrecorded liabilities related to this assertion are not material. Reconciliations of the federal statutory tax rate to the effective tax rates are as follows: State and local income taxes, net of federal benefit ) Tax on foreign income, net of valuation allowances ) ) Establishment/release of valuation allowances, net of U.S. tax expense ) Change in unrecognized tax benefit reserves ) ) Tax audit settlements Impact of surrender of Company owned life insurance policies Impact on foreign currency translation loss ) Impact of the CARES Act ) Impairments of investments ) Other, net ) Effective tax rate ) 
 53 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 in fiscal 2023 as compared with an effective tax rate of on fiscal 2022 income before income taxes. Included in the fiscal 2023 effective tax rate are U.S. state taxes, tax expense related to the increase to valuation allowances against the deferred tax assets, the impact of mix of income in higher tax jurisdictions and the tax benefit arising from a foreign currency translation loss. The Company applies the guidance in ASC 740 Income Taxes , which requires management to use its judgment to the appropriate weighting of all available evidence when assessing the need for the establishment or the release of valuation allowances. As part of this analysis, the Company examines all available evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis and weighs the positive and negative evidence when determining the need for full or partial valuation allowances. The evidence considered for each jurisdiction includes, among other items: (i) the historic levels and types of income or losses over a range of time periods, which may extend beyond the most recent three fiscal years depending upon the historical volatility of income in an individual jurisdiction; (ii) expectations and risks associated with underlying estimates of future taxable income, including considering the historical trend of down-cycles in the Company s served industries; (iii) jurisdictional specific limitations on the utilization of deferred tax assets, including when such assets expire; and (iv) prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities, included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, are as follows: Depreciation and amortization Inventories valuation Operating lease liabilities Receivables valuation Interest deductions Various accrued liabilities and other Less valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease assets ) ) Net deferred tax assets The change in valuation allowances in fiscal 2023 from fiscal 2022 was related to a million increase resulting from current year activities, and a million decrease resulting from changing foreign exchange rates. An income tax refund receivable of million, associated with the fiscal 2021 income tax benefit, is classified within Receivables on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 54 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 billion, of which million will expire during fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2025, substantially all of which have full valuation allowances, million have expiration dates ranging from fiscal 2026 to fiscal 2042, and the remaining million have no expiration date. A significant portion of these losses are not expected to be realized in the foreseeable future and have valuation allowances against them. The carrying value of the Company s net operating and capital loss carry-forwards depends on the Company s ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in certain tax jurisdictions. Estimated liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits are included in Accrued expenses and other and Other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. These contingent liabilities relate to various tax matters that result from uncertainties in the application of complex income tax regulations in the numerous jurisdictions in which the Company operates. As of July 1, 2023, unrecognized tax benefits were million. The estimated liability for unrecognized tax benefits included accrued interest expense and penalties of million and million, net of applicable state tax benefits, as of the end of fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Reconciliations of the beginning and ending liability balances for unrecognized tax benefits, excluding interest and penalties, are as follows: Additions for tax positions taken in prior periods Reductions for tax positions taken in prior periods ) ) Additions for tax positions taken in current period Reductions related to settlements with taxing authorities ) ) Reductions related to the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations ) ) Adjustments related to foreign currency translation ) Balance at end of year The evaluation of uncertain income tax positions requires management to estimate the ability of the Company to sustain its position with applicable tax authorities and estimate the final benefit to the Company. If the actual outcomes differ from the Company s estimates, there could be an impact on the consolidated financial statements in the period in which the position is settled, the applicable statutes of limitations expire, or new information becomes available, as the impact of these events are recognized in the period in which they occur. It is difficult to estimate the period in which the amount of a tax position will change as settlement may include administrative and legal proceedings beyond the Company s control. The effects of settling tax positions with tax authorities and statute expirations may significantly impact the estimate for unrecognized tax benefits. Within the next twelve months, the Company estimates that approximately million of these liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits will be settled by the expiration of the statutes of limitations or through settlements with the tax authorities. The expected cash payment related to the settlement of these contingencies is approximately million. The Company conducts business globally and consequently files income tax returns in numerous jurisdictions, including those listed in the following table. It is also routinely subject to audit in these and other countries. The Company is no longer subject to audit in its major jurisdictions for periods prior to fiscal 2017. The years remaining subject to audit, by major jurisdiction, are as follows: 
 55 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 hours. The Plan provides defined benefits pursuant to a cash balance feature whereby a participant accumulates a benefit based upon a percentage of current salary, which varies with age, and interest credits. The Company uses its fiscal year end as the measurement date for determining pension expense and benefit obligations for each fiscal year. 
 56 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Settlements paid ) Benefit obligations at end of year Changes in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Settlements paid ) Contributions Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status of the plan recognized as a non-current asset Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss: Unrecognized net actuarial losses Unamortized prior service cost Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive income: Net actuarial loss Amortization of net actuarial losses ) ) Amortization of prior service costs ) ) Net loss recognized due to benefit obligation settlement ) ) Included in Accumulated other comprehensive loss at July 1, 2023, is an expense of million of net actuarial losses that have not yet been recognized in net periodic pension cost, of which million is expected to be recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost during fiscal 2024. 
 57 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million in fiscal 2023, which is included in Gain on legal settlement and other on the Company s consolidated statement of operations. The settlement resulted in a reduction to the projected benefit obligation and a corresponding decrease to plan assets. Assumptions used to calculate actuarial present values of benefit obligations are as follows: The discount rate selected by the Company for the Plan reflects the current rate at which the underlying liability could be settled at the measurement date as of July 1, 2023. The estimated discount rate in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 was based on the spot yield curve approach, which applies the individual spot rates from a highly rated bond yield curve to each future year s estimated cash flows. The weighted-average assumptions used to determine net benefit costs are as follows: Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase Interest crediting rate Components of net periodic pension cost for the Plan during the last three fiscal years are as follows: Total net periodic pension cost within selling, general and administrative expenses Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized net actuarial loss Net loss recognized due to benefit obligation settlement Total net periodic pension benefit within other income (expense), net and gain on legal settlements and other ) ) Net periodic pension cost (benefit) ) The Company made million and million of contributions in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively, 
 58 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million of contributions in fiscal 2024. 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 through 2033 The Plan s assets are held in trust and were allocated as follows as of the measurement date at the end of fiscal 2023 and 2022: Fixed income debt securities Cash and cash equivalents The general investment objectives of the Plan are to maximize returns through a diversified investment portfolio to earn annualized returns that exceed the long-term cost of funding the Plan s pension obligations while maintaining reasonable and prudent levels of risk. The expected return on the Plan s assets in fiscal 2024 is currently , which is the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the benefit obligation based upon the targeted investment allocations. In making this assumption, the Company evaluated expectations regarding future rates of return for the investment portfolio, along with the historical and expected distribution of investments by asset class and the historical rates of return for each of those asset classes. The mix of return seeking and fixed income investments is typically diversified. The Plan s assets do not include any investments in Avnet common stock. As of July 1, 2023, the Company s target allocation for the Plan s investment portfolio is for return seeking investments to represent approximately of the investment portfolio. The majority of the remaining investment portfolio is invested in fixed income investments, which typically have lower risks, but also lower returns. Return Seeking Investments: Common stocks Real estate High yield credit and bonds Fixed Income Investments: U.S. government Corporate Total Certain investments included in the table above are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its 
 59 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Return Seeking Investments: Common stocks Real estate High yield credit and bonds Fixed Income Investments: U.S. government Corporate Total Each of these investments may be redeemed without restrictions in the normal course of business and there were no material unfunded commitments as of July 1, 2023. Variable lease cost Total lease cost 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future operating lease payments Total imputed interest on operating lease liabilities ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 60 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Weighted-average discount rate Operating lease assets obtained from new operating lease liabilities million, million, and million, respectively, for all forms of stock-based compensation awards. Stock plan At July 1, 2023, the Company had million shares of common stock reserved for stock-based payments, which consisted of million shares for unvested or unexercised stock options, million shares available for stock-based awards under plans approved by shareholders, and million shares for restricted stock units and performance share units granted but not yet vested. Stock options Service based stock option grants have a contractual life of , vest in increments on each anniversary of the grant date, commencing with the first anniversary, and require an exercise price of of the fair market value of common stock at the date of grant. Stock-based compensation expense associated with all stock options during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, was million, million, and million, respectively. There were stock options granted in fiscal 2023 and the unamortized stock-based compensation associated with unvested options was not material as of July 1, 2023. 
 61 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million shares previously awarded have not yet vested. Stock-based compensation expense associated with restricted stock units was million, million, and million for fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The following is a summary of the changes in non-vested restricted stock units during fiscal 2023: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted stock units at July 1, 2023 As of July 1, 2023, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, was million, million, and million, respectively. Performance share units Certain eligible employees, including Avnet s executive officers, may receive a portion of their long-term stock-based compensation through the performance share program. Through grants of performance share units, this program provides for the vesting of underlying shares of Avnet s common stock at the end of the third year performance period, based on the Company achieving certain performance goals that the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors establishes for a three year period. During fiscal 2023, the Company granted million performance share units. During fiscal 2022 and 2021, the Company granted performance share units. The actual amount of performance share units vested at the end of each period is measured by the level of achievement of performance goals and can range from to of the award grant. During fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense (benefit) associated with the Performance Share Program of million, million, and ) million, respectively. 
 62 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 million and million, respectively, classified within accrued expenses and other for such compliance-related matters that were reasonably estimable as of such dates. Gain on Legal Settlements and Other During fiscal 2023, the Company recorded a gain on legal settlements of million in connection with the settlement of claims filed against certain manufacturers of capacitors. During fiscal 2023, the Company received million in cash related to these settlements, which were classified as operating cash flows in the Company s consolidated statements of cash flows. Subsequent to the end of fiscal 2023, the Company reached an additional legal settlement with a manufacturer of capacitors for approximately million net of legal costs, which under the terms of the settlement will be realized in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. Denominator: Weighted average common shares for basic earnings per share Net effect of dilutive stock-based compensation awards Weighted average common shares for diluted earnings per share Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Stock options excluded from earnings per share calculation due to an anti-dilutive effect 
 63 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Periodic pension cost (benefit) (1) ) Other, net Total 

 (1) Includes net loss recognized due to benefit obligation settlement of . 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities and supplemental cash flow information were as follows: Non-cash Financing Activities: Unsettled share repurchases Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Interest Income tax payments, net The Company includes book overdrafts as part of accounts payable on its consolidated balance sheets and reflects changes in such balances as part of cash flows from operating activities in its consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 64 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Farnell Operating income: Electronic Components Farnell Corporate ) ) ) Restructuring, integration and other expenses ) ) ) Russian-Ukraine conflict related expenses ) Amortization of acquired intangible assets and other ) ) ) Assets: Electronic Components Farnell Corporate Capital expenditures: Electronic Components Farnell Corporate Depreciation amortization expense: Electronic Components Farnell Corporate Sales, by geographic area: Americas (1) EMEA (2) Asia (3) Property, plant and equipment, net, by geographic area: Americas (4) EMEA (5) Asia 

(1) Includes sales in the United States of billion, billion, and billion for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 65 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 billion and billion, respectively, for fiscal 2023. Includes sales in Germany and Belgium of billion and billion, respectively, for fiscal 2022. Includes sales in Germany and Belgium of billion and billion, respectively, for fiscal 2021. (3) Includes sales of billion, billion, and billion in Taiwan, China (including Hong Kong), and Singapore, respectively, for fiscal 2023. Includes sales of billion, billion, and billion in Taiwan, China (including Hong Kong), and Singapore, respectively, for fiscal 2022. Includes sales of billion, billion, and billion in Taiwan, China (including Hong Kong), and Singapore, respectively, for fiscal 2021. (4) Includes property, plant and equipment, net, of million, million, and million in the United States for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. (5) Includes property, plant and equipment, net, of million, million, and million in Germany, the UK, and Belgium, respectively, for fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2022 includes property, plant and equipment, net, of million, million, and million in Germany, the UK, and Belgium, respectively. Fiscal 2021 includes property, plant and equipment, net, of million, million, and million in Germany, the UK, and Belgium, respectively. Listed in the table below are the Company s major product categories and the related sales for each of the past three fiscal years: Interconnect, passive electromechanical (IP E) Computers Other 
 66 

Table of Contents AVNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Cash payments ) ) Non-cash amounts ) ) Balance at July 1, 2023 Severance expense recorded in fiscal 2023 related primarily to the planned reduction of over employees associated with the planned closure of a distribution center. Facility exit costs primarily consist of liabilities for the closure of facilities. Asset impairments relate to the impairment of property, plant and equipment as a result of the underlying restructuring actions taken in fiscal 2023. The Company expects the majority of the remaining severance and facility exit costs to be paid by the end of fiscal 2024. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) as of the end of the reporting period covered by this report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10-K, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective such that material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of July 1, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the 2013 framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of July 1, 2023. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting as of July 1, 2023, as stated in its audit report which is included herein. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, there were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) of the Exchange Act) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information During the three months ended July 1, 2023, director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 PART II I Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information called for by Item 10 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on November 16, 2023. On May 22, 2023, the Board of Directors amended the Company s By-Laws, effective immediately Amended By-Laws ). The By-Laws were amended to, among other things, clarify and enhance procedural mechanics and disclosure requirement under Section 1.14 in connection with shareholder proposals and nominations of directors and to address the new Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, known as the Universal Proxy Rule. Under the Amended By-Laws, for annual meetings, the deadline for delivery of Shareholder Notice and specified Nominee Materials, if applicable, is based on the anniversary of the prior annual meeting date versus the anniversary of the filing date of the prior proxy statement. Therefore, for the 2023 Annual Shareholder Meeting, Shareholder Notice and Nominee Materials were required to be delivered no earlier than June 20, 2023, and no later than July 20, 2023. The Amended By-Laws further require additional obligations from or disclosures regarding the Proposing Shareholder, proposed nominees and other known persons working with the Proposing Shareholder, including obligations to update information provided in the Shareholder Notice and Nominee Materials and to attend the shareholder meeting to present the business specified in the Shareholder Notice. It also clarified that a Proposing Shareholder may nominate up to the number of directors to be elected at the applicable meeting and may not make additional or substitute nominations after the Shareholder Notice and Nominee Materials deadlines expire. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information called for by Item 11 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on November 16, 2023. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information called for by Item 12 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on November 16, 2023. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transaction s, and Director Independence The information called for by Item 13 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders scheduled to be held on November 16, 2023. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information called for by Item 14 is incorporated in this Report by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on November 16, 2023. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 PART I V Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The financial statements and supplementary data are listed in the index included under Item 8 of this Report. The exhibits listed below are filed as part of this report. INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Exhibit 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(i) to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 12, 2001). 3.2 By-laws of the Company, as amended May 22, 2023 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 24, 2023). 4.1 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 15, 2019). 4.2 Indenture dated as of June 22, 2010, between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, National Association as successor to and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee, providing for the issuance of Debt Securities in one or more series (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2010). 4.3 Form of Officers Certificate establishing the terms of the 4.625 Notes due 2026 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2016). 4.4 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms of the 3.00 Notes due 2031 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2021). 4.5 Form of Officer s Certificate setting forth the terms of the 5.50 Notes due 2032 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2022). 4.6 Form of Officers Certificate setting forth the terms of the 6.25 Notes due 2028 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2023). Note: The total amount of securities authorized under any other instrument that defines the rights of holders of the Company s long-term debt does not exceed 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Therefore, these instruments are not required to be filed as exhibits to this Report. The Company agrees to furnish copies of such instruments to the Commission upon request. Executive Compensation Plans and Arrangements 10.1 Letter Agreement between the Company and Philip R. Gallagher as Chief Executive Officer dated November 17, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 29, 2021). 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 10.2 Letter Agreement between the Company and Kenneth Jacobson as Chief Financial Officer dated August 30, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6, 2022). 10.3 Form of Letter Agreement between the Company and Ken Arnold, Max Chan, Michael McCoy and Elizabeth McMullen (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2017). 10.4 Form of Change of Control Agreement between the Company and Philip Gallagher, Kenneth Jacobson, Ken Arnold, Max Chan, Michael McCoy, and Elizabeth McMullen (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 15, 2011). 10.5 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and its directors and officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 8, 2006). 10.6 Avnet Executive Severance Plan (Effective as of August 10, 2017) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 30, 2017). 10.7 Avnet Supplemental Executive Officers Retirement Plan (2013 Restatement) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 9, 2013). 10.8 Avnet Restoration Plan (2013 Restatement) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 9, 2013). 10.9 Avnet, Inc. 2010 Stock Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of May 8, 2018). (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2018). 10.10 Avnet, Inc. 2010 Stock Compensation Plan: (a) Form of non-qualified stock option term sheet (b) Form of incentive stock option term sheet (c) Form of performance stock unit term sheet (d) Form of restricted stock unit term sheet (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 10, 2012). 10.11 Avnet, Inc. 2013 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of May 8, 2018). (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2018). 10.12 Avnet, Inc. 2013 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan: (a) Form of restricted stock unit term sheet (b) Form of nonqualified stock option term sheet (c) Form of performance-based stock option term sheet (d) Form of performance stock unit term sheet (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2017). 10.13 Avnet, Inc. 2016 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated Effective as of May 8, 2018). (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2018). Refer to Exhibit 10.12, above, for the form of awards under the 2016 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 10.14 Avnet, Inc. 2021 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2022). 10.15 Avnet, Inc. 2021 Stock Compensation and Incentive Plan: (a) Form of Award Letter for Restricted Stock Unit Award (b) Form of Award Letter for Performance Stock Unit Award (c) Form of Award Letter for Nonqualified Stock Option Award (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2022). 10.16 Avnet, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside Directors (Amended and Restated Effective as of May 8, 2018) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 17, 2018). Bank Agreements 10.17 Securitization Program (a) Receivables Sale Agreement: (1) Second Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated August 16, 2018, between Avnet, Inc. and Avnet Receivables Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2018). (2) Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Receivables Sale Agreement, dated July 31, 2020, among Avnet, Inc. and Avnet Receivables Corporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2020). (b) Receivables Purchase Agreement: (1) Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2018, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, the companies and financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2018). (2) Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2020, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, the companies and financial institutions party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 1, 2020). (3) Amendment No. 2 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2020, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the companies and financial institutions party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2020). (4) Amendment No. 3 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated July 30, 2021, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the companies and financial institutions party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18B4 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on August 12, 2022). (5) Amendment No. 4 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated August 16, 2021, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the companies and financial institutions party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 18, 2021). 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 (6) Amendment No. 5 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated January 10, 2022, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the companies and financial institutions party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on April 29, 2022). (7) Amendment No. 6 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 16, 2022, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the companies and financial institutions party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21, 2022). (8) Amendment No. 7 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated May 12, 2023, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Receivables Corporation, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent, and the companies and financial institutions party thereto. 10.18 Credit Facility (a) Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 28, 2018, among Avnet, Inc., each subsidiary of the Company party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and each lender party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2018). (b) Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated August 4, 2020, among Avnet, Inc, Avnet Holding Europe BVBA, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 6, 2020). (c) Amendment No. 2 to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated December 21, 2021, among Avnet, Inc., Avnet Holdings Europe BVBA and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on January 28, 2022). (d) Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 2, 2022, among Avnet, Inc., each subsidiary of the Company party thereto, Bank of America, N.A. as the administrative agent, and each lender party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2022). (e) Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 29, 2022, among Avnet, Inc., each subsidiary of the Company party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent, and each lender party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 3, 2023). 21.1 List of subsidiaries of the Company as of July 1, 2023. 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 

Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary Not applicable. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ) (a) Valuation allowance on tax loss carry-forwards (b) ) (c) Fiscal 2022 Allowance for credit losses (d) ) (a) Valuation allowance on tax loss carry-forwards ) (e) ) (f) Fiscal 2021 Allowance for credit losses (g) (h) ) (a) Valuation allowance on tax loss carry-forwards (i) ) (c) 

(a) Primarily represents uncollectible receivables written off and the impact of changes in foreign currency rates during the fiscal year. (b) Primarily represents impact of current year activities. (c) Primarily related to impact of foreign currency exchange on valuation allowances. (d) Amount includes of credit loss provisions associated with accounts receivable from Russian customers that are no longer considered collectible. See Note 4, Receivables and Russian-Ukraine conflict related expenses of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this Form 10-K. (e) Primarily represents net release of valuation allowance and impact of current year activities. (f) Primarily related to impact of pension-related other comprehensive income and foreign currency exchange on valuation allowances. (g) Beginning balance includes of allowance for credit losses associated with trade accounts receivable and of allowance for credit losses associated with notes receivable prior to the adoption of a new accounting standard discussed further in (h) below. (h) The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments on June 28, 2020, with a cumulative effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of fiscal 2021. (i) Primarily represents impact of current year activities. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AVNET, INC. Date: August 18, 2023 By: /s/ PHILIP R. GALLAGHER Philip R. Gallagher Chief Executive Officer KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby authorizes and appoints each of Phil R. Gallagher and Kenneth A. Jacobson his or her attorneys-in-fact, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact, or their substitute, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on August 18, 2023. 

Signature Title /s/ PHILIP R. GALLAGHER Philip R. Gallagher Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ RODNEY C. ADKINS Rodney C. Adkins Chair of the Board and Director /s/ CARLO BOZOTTI Carlo Bozotti Director /s/ BRENDA L. FREEMAN Brenda L. Freeman Director /s/ JO ANN JENKINS Jo Ann Jenkins Director /s/ OLEG KHAYKIN Oleg Khaykin Director /s/ JAMES A. LAWRENCE James A. Lawrence Director /s/ ERNEST MADDOCK Ernest Maddock Director /s/ AVID MODJTABAI Avid Modjtabai Director /s/ ADALIO T. SANCHEZ Adalio T. Sanchez Director /s/ KENNETH A. JACOBSON Kenneth A. Jacobson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 
 77 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 avt-20230701xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1
 
 Company Ad Hoc Report 
 Exhibit 21.1 Avnet, Inc. Foreign and Domestic Subsidiaries Company Name Country Avnet (Asia Pacific Holdings) Limited Hong Kong Avnet (Holdings) Ltd United Kingdom Avnet (NZ) New Zealand Avnet (Shanghai) Limited China Avnet Asia Pte Ltd Singapore Avnet ASIC Israel Ltd Israel Avnet B.V. Netherlands Avnet Bidco Limited United Kingdom Avnet Business Services GmbH Germany Avnet Components Israel Limited Israel Avnet de Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico Avnet Delaware Holdings, Inc. United States Avnet Delaware LLC United States Avnet do Brasil Ltda. Brazil AVNET DOO Serbia Avnet Electronics Marketing (Australia) Pty Ltd Australia Avnet Electronics Technology (China) Limited China Avnet Electronics Technology (Shenzhen) Limited China Avnet Electronics Turkey thalat hracat Sanayi ve Ticaret Limited irketi Turkey Avnet EM Holdings (Japan) Kabushiki Kaisha Japan Avnet EM Sp. z.o.o. Poland Avnet Embedded (Freiburg) GmbH Germany Avnet Embedded (Malta) Limited Malta Avnet Embedded GmbH Germany Avnet EMG Elektronische Bauelemente GmbH Austria Avnet EMG France France Avnet EMG GmbH Germany Avnet EMG GmbH Switzerland Avnet EMG Italy S.r.l. Italy Avnet EMG Ltd United Kingdom Avnet Europe BV Belgium Avnet Finance International S. r.l. Luxembourg Avnet Financial Services Asia Limited Hong Kong Avnet France S.A.S. France Avnet Group Holdings Limited United Kingdom Avnet Holding Europe BV Belgium Avnet Holding South Africa (Pty) Limited South Africa Avnet Holdings UK Limited United Kingdom Avnet Holdings, LLC United States Avnet Iberia S.L.U. Spain Avnet India Private Limited India Avnet International (Canada) Ltd. Canada Avnet International Holdings 1 BV Belgium Avnet International Holdings 2 BV Belgium Avnet International Holdings UK Limited United Kingdom 

Avnet International, LLC United States Avnet Kabushiki Kaisha Japan Avnet Korea, Inc. Korea, Republic of Avnet Limited Ireland Avnet Logistics Bernburg GmbH Co. KG Germany Avnet Logistics BV Belgium Avnet Logistics GmbH Germany Avnet Malaysia Sdn Bhd Malaysia Avnet Mexicana S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Avnet Nortec AB Sweden Avnet Nortec ApS Denmark Avnet Nortec AS Norway Avnet Nortec Oy Finland Avnet Philippines Pty Ltd., Inc. Philippines Avnet Receivables Corporation United States Avnet SellCo B.V. Netherlands Avnet Services S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Avnet South Africa (Pty) Limited South Africa Avnet Sunrise Limited Hong Kong Avnet Technology (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Avnet Technology Electronics Marketing (Taiwan) Co., Ltd. Taiwan (Province of China) Avnet Technology Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Avnet Technology Solutions (China) Ltd China Avnet Technology Solutions (Tianjin) Ltd China AVNET VELOCITY LIMITED Ireland AVT Holdings LLC United States Beijing Vanda Yunda IT Services Co., Ltd China Bell Microproducts Brazil Holdings, LLC United States Bell Microproducts Mexico Shareholder, LLC United States CELDIS LIMITED United Kingdom CM Satellite Systems, Inc. United States COMBINED PRECISION COMPONENTS LIMITED United Kingdom Dragon Innovation (HK) Limited Hong Kong EBV Beteiligungs-Verwaltungs GmbH Germany EBV Elektronik ApS Denmark EBV Elektronik EOOD Bulgaria EBV Elektronik GmbH Co. KG Germany EBV Elektronik International GmbH Germany EBV Elektronik Israel (2008) Ltd Israel EBV Elektronik Kft Hungary EBV Elektronik Limited Hong Kong EBV Elektronik O Estonia EBV Elektronik S.r.l. Italy EBV Elektronik S.R.L. Romania EBV Elektronik s.r.o. Slovakia EBV Elektronik SAS France EBV Elektronik sp. z o.o. Poland EBV Elektronik Spain S.L. Spain EBV Elektronik spol. s r.o. Czech Republic EBV Elektronik Ticaret Limited Sirketi Turkey EBV Elektronik TOV Ukraine EBV Elektronik, Druzba Za Posredovanje D.O.O. Slovenia 

EBV Elektronik, Unipessoal Lda, Portugal EBV Erste Holding GmbH Co. KG Germany EBV Management GmbH Germany EBV Zweite Holding GmbH Co. KG Germany EBV-Elektronik GmbH Austria Electrolink (PTY) Ltd South Africa Electron House (Overseas) Limited United Kingdom element 14 Limited United Kingdom element 14 sp. zoo Poland element14 Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Element14 de Mexico, S. de R.L de C.V Mexico element14 Electronics Limited Ireland Element14 Finance UK Limited United Kingdom element14 Holding BV Netherlands element14 India Pvt Limited India element14 Limited New Zealand element14 Ltd. Korea, Republic of element14 Pte. Ltd. Singapore element14 Pty Ltd Australia element14 Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Element14 US Holdings Inc. United States Element14 US Holdings LLC United States Element14. S. de R.L. de C.V Mexico eluomeng Electronics (China) Co. Ltd China Eluomeng Limited Hong Kong Eluomeng Limited Company Taiwan (Province of China) Erste TENVA Property BV Belgium FARNELL (BELGIUM) SA Belgium FARNELL (FRANCE) SAS France FARNELL (NETHERLANDS) B.V. Netherlands FARNELL AG Switzerland FARNELL COMPONENTS (IRELAND) LIMITED Ireland FARNELL COMPONENTS (ISRAEL) LTD Israel FARNELL COMPONENTS AB Sweden FARNELL COMPONENTS SL Spain FARNELL DANMARK A/S Denmark FARNELL ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS LIMITED United Kingdom FARNELL GMBH Germany FARNELL HOLDING LIMITED United Kingdom FARNELL ITALIA SRL Italy FARNELL OVERSEAS United Kingdom Import Holdings LLC United States INONE HOLDINGS LIMITED United Kingdom Kent One Corporation United States Memec Group Holdings Limited United Kingdom Memec Group Limited United Kingdom Memec Pty Limited Australia Mexico Holdings LLC United States Newark Corporation United States Newark Electronics Corporation United States OY FARNELL (FINLAND) AB Finland Phoenics Electronics Corporation United States 

PREMIER FARNELL (SCOTLAND) LIMITED United Kingdom Premier Farnell Canada Limited Canada Premier Farnell Corp. United States PREMIER FARNELL LIMITED United Kingdom PREMIER FARNELL PENSION FUNDING SCOTTISH LIMITED PARTNERSHIP United Kingdom PREMIER FARNELL PENSION TRUSTEES LIMITED United Kingdom Premier Farnell Properties Inc. United States PREMIER FARNELL UK LIMITED United Kingdom Priya Softweb Solutions Pvt. Ltd. India SEC International Holding Company II, L.L.C. United States Shanghai FR International Trading Co., Ltd. China Shenzhen Embest Technology Co., Ltd. China Soci t Civile Immobili re du 22 rue de Dames France Softweb Solutions Inc. United States Telmil Electronics, Inc. United States Tenva Belgium Comm. VA Belgium Tenva Financial Management BV Belgium TENVA GmbH Germany TENVA INVESTMENTS BV Belgium Tenva Management GmbH Germany UAB EBV Elektronik Lithuania Vanda Computer System Integration (Shanghai) Company Limited China Venezuelan Partner B.V. Netherlands Witekio Corporation United States Witekio France SAS France Witekio GmbH Germany Witekio Holding France Witekio UK Limited United Kingdom YEL Electronics (China) Limited Hong Kong YEL Electronics Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong ZWEITE TENVA Property GmbH Im Technologiepark Germany 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 avt-20230701xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors Avnet, Inc.: We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-208009, 333-227100 and 333-262379) on Form S-3 and (Nos. 333-45267, 333-112062, 333-140903, 333-171291, 333-177787, 333-192289, 333-214887, 333-220133, 333-228875 and 333-262380) on Form S-8 of our report dated August 18, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Avnet, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. /s/ KPMG LLP Phoenix, Arizona August 18, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 avt-20230701xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Philip R. Gallagher, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Avnet, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 18, 2023 /s/ PHILIP R. GALLAGHER Philip R. Gallagher Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 avt-20230701xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Kenneth A. Jacobson, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Avnet, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 18, 2023 /s/ KENNETH A. JACOBSON Kenneth A. Jacobson Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 avt-20230701xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 1, 2023 (the Report ), I, Philip R. Gallagher, Chief Executive Officer of Avnet, Inc. (the Company hereby certify that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 18, 2023 

/s/ PHILIP R. GALLAGHER 

Philip R. Gallagher 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 avt-20230701xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 1, 2023 (the Report ), I, Kenneth A. Jacobson, Chief Financial Officer of Avnet, Inc. (the Company hereby certify that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: August 18, 2023 /s/ KENNETH A. JACOBSON Kenneth A. Jacobson Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-10.17B8>
 8
 avt-20230701xex10d17b8.htm
 EX-10.17B8
 
 NINTH AMENDMENT TO 
 Exhibit 10.17(b)(8) AMENDMENT NO. 7 TO FOURTH AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT This Amendment No. 7 to the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement (this Amendment is dated as of May 12, 2023, among Avnet Receivables Corporation, a Delaware corporation Seller ), Avnet, Inc., a New York corporation Avnet ), as initial Servicer (the Servicer together with Seller, the Seller Parties and each a Seller Party ), each of the entities party hereto identified as a Financial Institution (together with any of their respective successors and assigns hereunder, the Financial Institutions ), each of the entities party hereto identified as a Company (together with any of their respective successors and assigns hereunder, the Companies and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as agent for the Purchasers or any successor agent hereunder (together with its successors and assigns hereunder, the Agent ), amending the Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2018 (as amended by Amendment No. 1 thereto, dated February 28, 2020, Amendment No. 2 thereto, dated as of July 31, 2020, Amendment No. 3 thereto, dated as of July 30, 2021, Amendment No. 4 thereto, dated as of August 16, 2021, Amendment No. 5 thereto, dated as of January 10, 2022, and Amendment No. 6 thereto, dated as of December 16, 2022, the Existing Agreement , and as further amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, including through the date hereof, the Receivables Purchase Agreement ). RECITALS The parties hereto are the current parties to the Existing Agreement and they now desire to amend the Existing Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions hereof, as more particularly described herein. AGREEMENT NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions Used Herein . Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings set forth for such terms in, or incorporated by reference into, the Existing Agreement. 
 Section 2. Amendment of Existing Agreement . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Existing Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 
 (a) The following definitions in Exhibit I of the Existing Agreement are hereby deleted in their entirety and replaced with the following:
 Agreement means this Fourth Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 16, 2018, as amended by Amendment No. 1 hereto, dated as of February 28, 2020, Amendment No. 2 hereto, dated as of July 31, 2020, Amendment No. 3 hereto, dated as of July 30, 2021, Amendment No. 4 hereto, dated as of August 16, 2021, Amendment No. 5 hereto, dated as of January 10, 2022, Amendment No. 6 hereto, 

 Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 dated as of December 16, 2022, Amendment No. 7 hereto, dated as of May 12, 2023, and as the same may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified and in effect from time to time. Purchase Limit means 700,000,000, as such amount may be modified in accordance with the terms of Section 4.6(b) . (b) Schedule A to the Existing Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by Schedule A attached hereto.
 Section 3. Conditions to Effectiveness of Amendment . This Amendment shall become effective as of the date hereof, upon the satisfaction of the conditions precedent that: 
 (a) Amendment . The Agent, each Seller Party and each Purchaser shall have received, on or before the date hereof, executed counterparts of this Amendment, duly executed by each of the parties hereto.
 (b) Upfront Fee . On the date hereof, Seller shall have paid to The Bank of Nova Scotia (or to the Agent for the benefit of The Bank of Nova Scotia), a non-refundable, fully-earned upfront fee in an amount equal to 41,666.67.
 (c) Opinion . The Agent and each Purchaser shall have received a favorable opinion from counsel to the Seller Parties, addressed to the Agent and each Purchaser, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and each Purchaser, addressing corporate and enforceability matters with respect to Seller, Avnet, this Amendment and the Receivables Purchase Agreement.
 (d) Representations and Warranties . As of the date hereof, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, all of the representations and warranties of each Seller Party contained in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and in each other Transaction Document shall be true and correct in all material respects as though made on the date hereof (and by its execution hereof, each Seller Party shall be deemed to have represented and warranted such).
 (e) No Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event . As of the date hereof, both before and after giving effect to this Amendment, no Amortization Event or Potential Amortization Event shall have occurred and be continuing (and by its execution hereof, each Seller Party shall be deemed to have represented and warranted such).
 Section 4. Special Incremental Purchase; Reallocation of Purchaser Interests . 
 (a) Seller hereby requests on a one-time basis that, in connection with the increases to the Purchase Limit and Commitment occurring on the date hereof, the Purchasers make an Incremental Purchase on the terms set forth on Schedule B hereto (the Special Incremental Purchase ). Each Purchaser consents to, and hereby waives the requirements of Section 1.2 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement that would otherwise be applicable to, the Special Incremental Purchase, and further agrees to pay or receive, as applicable, the amount set forth on Schedule C Reallocation Payments/Receipts ). 
 (b) The parties hereto agree that, as of the date hereof, and after giving effect to the transactions contemplated in this Amendment, including the Special Incremental Purchase and Reallocation Payments/Receipts, the Agent will reallocate the Purchaser Interests of each Purchaser such that, after giving effect thereto, the amount of Capital related to the Purchaser Interests of each Purchaser shall be 

 2 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 equal to such Purchaser s proportionate share of the Purchase Limit. For the avoidance of doubt, such reallocation may require the reallocation of Purchaser Interests from one Purchaser to another Purchaser. 
 (c) On the date hereof, the Agent shall remit to any Purchaser the portion of Capital, if any, that is necessary to give effect to the reallocation of the Purchaser Interest among the Purchasers described in the preceding clause (b) . In connection with any repayment of the Capital of any Purchaser as a result of such reallocation, Seller shall pay all interest (including breakage costs) due on the amount repaid to the date of repayment on the immediately following Settlement Date.
 Section 5. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Effect; Ratification . This Amendment is effective solely for the purposes set forth herein and shall be limited precisely as written, and shall not be deemed (i) to be a consent to, or an acknowledgment of, any amendment, waiver or modification of any other term or condition of the Existing Agreement or of any other instrument or agreement referred to therein or (ii) to prejudice any right or remedy which the Agent, any Company or Financial Institution (or any of their respective assigns) may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Receivables Purchase Agreement or any other instrument or agreement referred to therein. Each reference in the Receivables Purchase Agreement to this Agreement, herein, hereof and words of like import and each reference in the other Transaction Documents to the Existing Agreement or to the Receivables Purchase Agreement shall mean the Existing Agreement as amended hereby. This Amendment shall be construed in connection with and as part of the Receivables Purchase Agreement and all terms, conditions, representations, warranties, covenants and agreements set forth in the Receivables Purchase Agreement and each other instrument or agreement referred to therein, except as herein amended, are hereby ratified and confirmed and shall remain in full force and effect.
 (b) Transaction Documents . This Amendment is a Transaction Document executed pursuant to the Receivables Purchase Agreement and shall be construed, administered and applied in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof.
 (c) Costs, Fees and Expenses . Seller agrees to reimburse the Agent and each Purchaser and its assigns upon demand for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs, fees and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Amendment (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel to the Agent).
 (d) Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart constituting an original and all of which when taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.
 (e) Severability . Any provision contained in this Amendment which is held to be inoperative, unenforceable or invalid in any jurisdiction shall, as to that jurisdiction, be inoperative, unenforceable or invalid without affecting the remaining provisions of this Amendment in that jurisdiction or the operation, enforceability or validity of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 (f) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK EXCLUDING CHOICE-OF-LAW PRINCIPLES OF THE LAW OF SUCH STATE THAT WOULD REQUIRE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF A JURISDICTION OTHER THAN SUCH STATE.
 (g) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ANY 

 3 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 MATTER (WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) IN ANY WAY ARISING OUT OF, RELATED TO, OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AMENDMENT, ANY DOCUMENT EXECUTED BY ORIGINATOR PURSUANT TO THIS AMENDMENT OR THE RELATIONSHIP ESTABLISHED HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER.
 
 4 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed and delivered by their respective duly authorized officers as of the date first written above. 

AVNET RECEIVABLES CORPORATION, As Buyer and as Seller By: /s/ Ken Jacobson Name Ken Jacobson Title President and Treasurer AVNET, INC., as Originator and as Servicer By: /s/ Joseph Burke Name Joseph Burke Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 S-1 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as a Company and as a Financial Institution By: /s/ Chance Hausler Name: Chance Hausler Title: Director WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as Agent By: /s/ Chance Hausler Name: Chance Hausler Title: Director 
 
 S-2 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 

TRUST BANK, as a Company and as a Financial Institution By: /s/ Paul Cornely Name: Paul Cornely Title: Vice President 
 
 S-3 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 

LIBERTY STREET FUNDING LLC., as a Company By: /s/ Kevin J. Corrigan Name: Kevin J. Corrigan Title: Vice President THE BANK OF NOVA SCOTIA, as a Financial Institution By: /s/ Doug Noe Name: Doug Noe Title: Managing Director 
 
 S-4 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. as a Company and as a Financial Institution By: /s/ Ross Glynn Name: Ross Glynn Title: Vice President 
 
 S-5 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 Schedule A COMMITMENTS, COMPANY PURCHASE LIMITS AND RELATED FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS Commitments of Financial Institutions Financial Institution Commitment Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 225,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. 225,000,000 Truist Bank 125,000,000 The Bank of Nova Scotia 127,500,000 
 Reflects 2.00 additional commitment availability for being in a Purchaser Group with a CP Company. Company Purchase Limits and Related Financial Institutions of Companies Company Company Purchase Limit Related Financial Institution(s) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 225,000,000 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Bank of America, N.A. 225,000,000 Bank of America, N.A. Truist Bank 125,000,000 Truist Bank Liberty Street Funding LLC 125,000,000 The Bank of Nova Scotia 

Amendment No. 7 to Avnet Receivables Purchase Agreement 
 Schedule B SPECIAL INCREMENTAL PURCHASE The terms of the Special Incremental Purchase are set forth on this Schedule B . Purchase Price: 45,000,000 Date of Purchase: May 12, 2023 Requested Discount Rate: Benchmark 
 The Purchase Price will be allocated among the Financial Institutions on a non-ratable basis as follows: Financial Institution Share of Purchase Price Outstanding Capital (after giving effect to Special Incremental Purchase and Reallocation Payments/Receipts) Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 0 223,392,857.14 Bank of America, N.A. 0 223,392,857.14 Truist Bank 0 124,107,142.86 The Bank of Nova Scotia 45,000,000 124,107,142.86 
 In connection with the Incremental Purchase to be made on the above listed Date of Purchase (the Purchase Date ), Seller hereby certifies that the following statements are true on the date hereof, and will be true on the Purchase Date (before and after giving effect to such Special Incremental Purchase): (i) the representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Section 5.1 of the Receivables Purchase Agreement are true and correct on and as of the Purchase Date as though made on and as of such date; (ii) no event has occurred and is continuing, or would result from the proposed Incremental Purchase, that will constitute an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event; (iii) the Facility Termination Date has not occurred, the Aggregate Capital does not exceed the Purchase Limit and the aggregate Purchaser Interests do not exceed 100 ; and (iv) the amount of Aggregate Capital is 695,000,000 after giving effect to the Incremental Purchase to be made on the Purchase Date 

</EX-10.17B8>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 avt-20230701.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 avt-20230701_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 avt-20230701_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 avt-20230701_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

