<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230726_10-K_edgar_data_1414767_0001903596-23-000560.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5255011</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>268495</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>902118</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1649505</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1023799</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1248287</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-23-000560.hdr.sgml : 20230726
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230726160911
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-23-000560
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230430
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230726
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230726

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Netcapital Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001414767
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				870409951
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			UT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41443
		FILM NUMBER:		231113669

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02111
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(781) 925-1700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 LINCOLN STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02111

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ValueSetters Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140924

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ValueSetters Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071011

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-23-000560.txt : 20230726

10-K
 1
 ncpl_10-k.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: ,
2023 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification
No.) 

, 
 
 (Address
of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each
class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each
exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent
filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge,
in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definition of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of registrant s
voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) computed by reference to the
average bid and asked price of such common equity on October 31, 2022 was . 

As of July 26, 2023 the registrant has
one class of common equity, and the number of shares outstanding of such common equity was 

Documents Incorporated By Reference: None. 

1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 6 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 27 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 27 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 27 

PART II 

28 
 
 See 

Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data. 
 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 29 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 37 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 37 

PART III 

38 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 38 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 43 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 55 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 56 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 
 57 

PART IV 

59 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statements Schedules. 
 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 
 61 

2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

We caution readers that this Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements as that term is defined in the Exchange Act. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as may, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, 
 estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other
comparable terminology. We hereby qualify all our forward-looking statements by the following cautionary statements. Forward-looking statements
are predictions and not guarantees of future performance or events. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations rather
than historical facts and relate to future events or future financial performance. Such statements are based on currently available financial
and competitive information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
historical experience and present expectations. Our actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by such forward-looking
statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with our business. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements
as such statements speak only as of the date on which they are made. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry's actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Some of the factors that could affect our financial performance, cause actual results to differ from our estimates, or underlie
such forward-looking statements, are set forth below and in various places in this Form 10-K, including under the headings Item 1. Business 
and Item 1A. Risk Factors in this Form 10-K. These factors include: 

capital requirements and the availability of capital to fund our growth and to service our existing debt; 

difficulties executing our growth strategy, including attracting new issuers and investors; 

our anticipated use of the net proceeds from our recent public offering; 

economic uncertainties and business interruptions resulting from the coronavirus COVID-19 global pandemic and its aftermath; 

as restrictions related to the coronavirus COVID-19 global pandemic are removed and face-to-face economic activities normalize, it may be difficult for us to maintain the recent sales gains that we have experienced; 

all the risks of acquiring one or more complementary businesses, including identifying a suitable target, completing comprehensive due diligence uncovering all information relating to the target, the financial stability of the target, the impact on our financial condition of the debt we may incur in acquiring the target, the ability to integrate the target s operations with our existing operations, our ability to retain management and key employees of the target, among other factors attendant to acquisitions of small, non-public operating companies; 

difficulties in increasing revenue per issuer; 

challenges related to hiring and training fintech employees at competitive wage rates; 

difficulties in increasing the average number of investments made per investor; 

shortages or interruptions in the supply of quality issuers; 

our dependence on a small number of large issuers to generate revenue; 

negative publicity relating to any one of our issuers; 

competition from other online capital portals with significantly greater resources than we have; 

changes in investor tastes and purchasing trends; 

our inability to manage our growth; 

3 

our inability to maintain an adequate level of cash flow, or access to capital, to meet growth expectations; 

changes in senior management, loss of one or more key personnel or an inability to attract, hire, integrate and retain skilled personnel; 

labor shortages, unionization activities, labor disputes or increased labor costs, including increased labor costs resulting from the demand for qualified employees; 

our vulnerability to increased costs of running an online portal on Google Cloud Platform and Amazon Web Services; 

the impact of governmental laws and regulation; 

failure to obtain or maintain required licenses; 

changes in economic or regulatory conditions and other unforeseen conditions that prevent or delay the development of a secondary trading market for shares of equity that are sold on our online portal; 

inadequately protecting our intellectual property or breaches of security of confidential user information; and 

You are cautioned that all forward-looking statements
involve risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to amend this Form 10-K or revise publicly these forward-looking statements
(other than pursuant to reporting obligations imposed on registrants pursuant to applicable federal securities laws) to reflect subsequent
events or circumstances. 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to significant risks and uncertainties
that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but these risks
are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled
 Risk Factors, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually
occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial condition,
results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware
of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Unless the context
otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Company, we, us, our, 
and Netcapital refer to Netcapital Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

Risks Related to Our Need for Additional Capital 

We will need to raise additional funding, which may
not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may force us to delay, limit or
terminate operations. 

Risks Related to our Business and Growth Strategy 

We have a limited operating
history and cannot assure you that our business will maintain profitability. 

We operate in a highly regulated
industry and those regulations are constantly evolving and may be interpreted in ways that could impact our business. 

Our wholly owned subsidiary,
Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. has licensed the technology necessary to operate our funding portal and if Netcapital Funding Portal Inc.
fails to comply with any obligations under this license agreement, it may be subject to termination which could severely impact our ability
to operate our funding portal and would adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Our products face significant
competition, and if they are unable to compete successfully, our business may suffer. 

4 

Risks Related to Receipt of Securities for Services 

We are not, and do not intend
to become, regulated as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 40 Act, (and similar
legislation in other jurisdictions) and if we are deemed an investment company under the 40 Act applicable restrictions
would make it impractical for us to operate as contemplated. 

Risk Factors Related to Our Common Stock 

If we are unable to maintain
listing of our securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market or any stock exchange, our stock price could be adversely affected and the liquidity
of our stock and our ability to obtain financing could be impaired. 

The market price of our common
stock is highly volatile and could be subject to volatility related or unrelated to our operations. 

Market and economic conditions
may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Future sales and issuances
of our securities could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our share price
to fall. 

Our common stock may be subject
to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which could make transactions
in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock. 

We do not intend to pay cash
dividends on our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares. 

5 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Netcapital Inc. is a fintech company with a
scalable technology platform that allows private companies to raise capital online from accredited and non-accredited investors. We give
virtually all investors the opportunity to access investments in private companies. Our model is disruptive to traditional private equity
investing and is based on Title III, Reg CF of the JOBS Act. We generate fees from listing private companies on our portal. Our consulting
group, Netcapital Advisors, provides marketing and strategic advice in exchange for cash and equity positions. The Netcapital funding
portal is registered with the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, a registered national securities
association, and provides investors with opportunities to invest in private companies. 

 Development of Business 

The
Company was incorporated in Utah in 1984 as DBS Investments, Inc., or DBS. DBS merged with ValueSetters L.L.C. in December 2003 and changed
its name to ValueSetters, Inc. In November 2020, the Company purchased Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. (the Funding Portal and changed the name of the Company from ValueSetters, Inc. to Netcapital Inc. 

The Company has three operating subsidiaries. The
Funding Portal provides private companies with access to investments from accredited and non-accredited retail investors through our online
portal (www.netcapital.com). The Funding Portal charges a 5,000 to 10,000 engagement fee, a 4.9 success fee for capital raised at closing
and sometimes is paid with equity from the issuer that has listed on the Funding Portal. In addition, the Funding Portal generates fees
for other ancillary services, such as rolling closes. Netcapital Advisors Inc. generates fees and equity stakes from consulting in select
portfolio and non-portfolio clients. MSG Development Corp. provides corporate valuation services to businesses and individuals. 

Funding Portal 

 Netcapital.com is an SEC-registered funding
portal that enables private companies to raise capital online, while investors are able to invest from almost anywhere in the world, at
any time, with just a few clicks. Securities offerings on the portal are accessible through individual offering pages, where companies
include product or service details, market size, competitive advantages, and financial documents. Companies can accept investment from
virtually anyone, including friends, family, customers, employees, etc. Customer accounts on our platform are not permitted to hold digital
securities. 

 In addition to access to the Funding Portal,
the Funding Portal provides the following services: 

a fully automated onboarding process; 

automated filing of required regulatory
documents; 

compliance review; 

custom-built offering page on our portal
website; 

third party transfer agent and custodial
services; 

rolling closes, which provide potential
access to liquidity before final close date of offering; 

assistance with annual filings; and 

direct access to our team for ongoing support. 

6 

Consulting Business 

 Our consulting group, Netcapital Advisors helps
companies at all stages to raise capital. Netcapital Advisors provides strategic advice, technology consulting and online marketing services
to assist with fundraising campaigns on the Netcapital platform. We also act as an incubator and accelerator, taking equity stakes in
select disruptive start-ups. 

 Netcapital Advisors services include: 

incubation of technology start-ups; 

investor introductions; 

online marketing; 

website design, software and software development; 

message crafting, including pitch decks,
offering pages, and ad creation; 

strategic advice; and 

technology consulting. 

Valuation Business 

 Our valuation group, MSG Development Corp.
prepares valuations. 

 The valuation services include: 

business valuations; 

fairness and solvency opinions; 

ESOP feasibility and valuation; 

non-cash charitable contributions; 

economic analysis of damages; 

intellectual property appraisals; and 

compensation studies. 

Competition 

We compete with a number of public and private companies
that provide assistance with capital raising, strategy, technology consulting, and digital marketing. Most of our competitors have significant
financial resources and occupy entrenched positions in the market with name-brand recognition. The majority of our capital raising and
digital marketing business is on the Internet. 

The barriers to entry into most Internet markets are
relatively low, making them accessible to a large number of entities and individuals. We believe the principal competitive factors in
our industry that create certain barriers to entry include but are not limited to reputation, technology, financial stability and resources,
proven track record of successful operations, critical mass, and independent oversight and transparency of business practices. Obtaining
approval from FINRA to operate as a funding portal is also a barrier to entry due to the significant internal control and capital requirements.
While these barriers may limit those able to enter or compete effectively in the market, it is likely that new competitors as well as
laws and regulations of governmental authority may be established in the future, in addition to our known current competitors. 

We face significant
competition in every aspect of our business, including from companies that facilitate online capital formation and the sharing of content
and information, companies that enable marketers to display advertising, companies that distribute video and other forms of media content,
and companies that provide development platforms for applications developers. We compete to attract, engage, and retain customers,
to attract and retain marketers, and to attract and retain developers to build compelling applications that integrate with our products. 

Increased competition from current and future competitors
may in the future materially adversely affect our business, revenues, operating results and financial condition. 

7 

Industry Regulation 

In an effort to enhance economic growth and
to democratize access to private investment opportunities, Congress finalized the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act) in 2016.
Title III of the JOBS Act enabled early-stage companies to offer and sell securities to the general public for the first time. The SEC
then adopted Regulation Crowdfunding, or Reg CF, in order to implement the JOBS Act s crowdfunding provisions. 

 Reg CF has several important features that
changed the landscape for private capital raising and investment. For the first time, this regulation: 

Allowed the general public
to invest in private companies, no longer limiting early-stage investment opportunities to less than 10 of the population; 

Enabled private companies to
advertise their securities offerings to the public (general solicitation); and 

Conditionally exempted securities
sold under Section 4(a)(6) from the registration requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. 

We are subject, both directly and indirectly,
to various laws and regulations relating to our business. If any of the laws are amended, compliance could become more expensive and
directly affect our income. We intend to comply with such laws, but new restrictions may arise that could materially adversely affect
our Company. Specifically, the SEC regulates our funding portal business, and our funding portal is also a member of FINRA and is regulated
by FINRA. We are also subject to the USA Patriot Act of 2001, which contains anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws and
mandates various regulations applicable to financial services companies, including standards for verifying client identification at account
opening, and obligations to monitor client transactions and report suspicious activities. Anti-money laundering laws outside of the United
States contain some similar provisions. Our failure to comply with these requirements as applicable to us could have a material adverse
effect on us. 

Our Market 

 The traditional funding model restricts access
to capital, investments and liquidity. According to Harvard Business Review, venture capital firms, or VCs, invest in fewer than 1 of
the companies they consider and only 10 of VC meetings are obtained through cold outreach. In addition, only 2 of VC funding went to
women in 2022, according to PitchBook, while only 1 went to black-owned firms, according to TechCrunch. 

 Furthermore, under the traditional model, the
average investor lacked access to early-stage investments. Prior to the JOBS Act, almost 90 of U.S. households were precluded from investing
in private deals, per dqydj.com. Liquidity has also been an issue, as private investments are generally locked up until IPO or takeout. 

 The JOBS Act helped provide a solution to these
issues by establishing the funding portal industry, which is currently in its infancy. Title III of the JOBS Act outlines Reg CF, which
traditionally allowed private companies to raise up to 1.07 million from all Americans. In March 2021, regulatory enhancements by the
SEC went into effect and increased the limit to 5 million. These amendments increased the offering limits for Reg CF, Regulation A and
Regulation D, Rule 504 offerings as follows: Reg CF increased to 5 million; Regulation D, Rule 504 increased to 10 million from 5 million;
and Regulation A Tier 2 increased to 75 million from 50 million. 

 There was 494 million raised via Reg CF in
2022, according to Crowdwise. We believe a significant opportunity exists to disrupt private capital markets via the Netcapital funding
portal. 

 Private capital markets reached 12 trillion
by the first half of 2022, per McKinsey. Within this market, private equity represents the largest share, with assets in excess of 3
trillion and a 10-year CAGR of 10 . Since 2000, global private equity, or PE, net asset value has increased almost tenfold, nearly three
times faster than the size of the public equity market. Both McKinsey and Boston Consulting Group predict that this strong growth will
continue, as investors allocate increasing amounts to private equity, due to historically higher returns and lower volatility than public
markets. In addition, Boston Consulting Group estimates that there are 42 trillion held in retail investment accounts, which we believe
represents a large pool of potential account holders for us. 

8 

Our Technology 

 The Netcapital platform is a scalable, real-time,
transaction-processing engine that runs without human intervention, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. 

For companies raising capital, the technology provides
fully automated onboarding with integrated regulatory filings. Funds are collected from investors and held in escrow until the offering
closes. For entrepreneurs, the technology facilitates access to capital at low cost. For investors, the platform provides access to investments
in private, early-stage companies that were previously unavailable to the general public. Both entrepreneurs and investors can track and
view their investments through their dashboard on netcapital.com. The platform currently has more than 100,000 users. 

Scalability was demonstrated in November 2021, when
the platform processed more than 2,000 investments in less than two hours, totaling more than 2 million. 

Our infrastructure is designed in a way that can horizontally
scale to meet our capacity needs. Using Docker containers and Amazon Elastic Container Service, or Amazon ECS, we are able to automate
the creation and launch of our production web and application programming interface, or API, endpoints in order to replicate them as needed
behind Elastic Load Balancers (ELBs). 

Additionally, all of our public facing endpoints live
behind CloudFlare to ensure protection from large scale traffic fluctuations (including DDoS attacks). 

Our main database layer is built on Amazon RDS and
features a Multi-AZ deployment that can also be easily scaled up or down as needed. General queries are cached in our API layer, and we
monitor to optimize very complex database queries that are generated by the API. Additionally, we cache the most complex queries (such
as analytics data) in our NoSQL (Mongo) data store for improved performance. 

Most of our central processing unit, or CPU, intensive
data processing happens asynchronously through a worker/jobs system managed by AWS ElastiCache s Redis endpoint. This component
can be easily fine-tuned for any scale necessary. 

The technology necessary to operate our funding portal
is licensed from Netcapital Systems LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, of which Jason Frishman, Netcapital Founder, owns a 29 
interest, under a license agreement with the Funding Portal. Payments under the licensing agreement amounted to 430,000 and 357,429
in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Proposed Alternative Trading System ATS Relationship 

On January 2, 2023, our wholly owned subsidiary, Netcapital
Systems LLC entered into a software license and services agreement Templum License Agreement with Templum, Inc Templum to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital funding portal with the potential for greater distribution and liquidity. Templum is
a company that provides capital markets infrastructure for trading private equity securities and operates an ATS with approval in 53 U.S.
states and territories for the trading of unregistered or private securities. 

The Templum License Agreement allows us to launch
a customized marketplace for the trading of private securities issued under an exemption to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Templum
operates an alternative trading system under the provisions of Regulation ATS. The Templum License Agreement is for an initial term of
three (3) years and will automatically renew for consecutive terms of one (1) year unless (i) either party upon at least ninety (90) days
prior to the expiration of the initial term or then-current renewal term, provides written notice to the other party of its intention
not to renew, in which case the agreement and the applicable order and technology services and pricing outline will expire, as the case
may be, at the end of the then current initial term or renewal term; or (ii) either party terminates the agreement pursuant to and in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in the agreement. Netcapital Systems paid Templum an implementation fee upon signing
of the Agreement. 

The Templum License Agreement
grants Netcapital Systems a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, and non-sublicensable right and license to use Templum s
software and to provide its users access to the software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Netcapital Systems shall be Templum s exclusive
registered crowdfunding platform partner and Templum shall not provide services to any third-party whose primary business is providing
services as a registered crowdfunding platform except as noted in the agreement. Netcapital Systems agreed to pay Templum a discounted
license fee in year 1, and a standard license fee in years 2 and 3. After conclusion of the initial 3-year term, the annual license fee
will increase by the greater of CPI+3 or 5 for each renewal term. 

A beta testing platform has been established and the
functionality is currently being tested. Additional milestones required to launch the platform to the public include, but are not limited
to, development of the know-your-customer (KYC) and anti-money laundering (AML) functionality as well as a launch of the beta version
to a closed group of users, which is currently expected in the fourth quarter of 2023. Currently, we do not know when, or if, this platform
will be fully completed and launched, as there are many details that remain to be completed as well as certain regulatory matters that
are required to be satisfied regarding the proposed operation of the ATS. Any regulatory delays or objections will result in delays in
our ability to launch the proposed platform. 

It is currently contemplated that the Templum ATS
will be integrated with the Netcapital funding platform, and that issuers and investors will not be able to directly access the Templum
ATS. Rather, we will be responsible for collecting and delivering any required information to the Templum ATS. Once an order request
has been submitted and the Templum ATS has identified two-order (bid/ask) matching at the price level, it will inform us so that we can
initiate the process of wallet reconciliation between the two proposed parties in the transaction. 

Competitive Advantages 

 We believe we provide a low-cost solution for
online capital raising versus our peer group (StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc., Wefunder Inc. and Republic Core LLC). We also believe that
our access and onboarding of new clients are superior due to our facilitated technology platforms. Our network is expanding as a result
of our enhanced marketing and broad distribution to reach new investors. Given the rapid growth in the industry and its potential to disrupt
the multi-billion dollar private capital market, we believe there is sufficient room for multiple players. 

 Our Strategy 

 Two major tailwinds are driving accelerated
growth in the shift to the use of online funding portals: (i) the COVID-19 pandemic; and (ii) the increase in funding limits under Reg
CF. The pandemic drove a rapid need to bring as many processes as possible online. With travel restrictions in place and most people
in lockdown, entrepreneurs were no longer able to fundraise in person and have increasingly turned to online capital raising through
funding portals. 

9 

There are numerous industry drivers and tailwinds that complement investor demand for access to investments in private companies. To
capitalize on these, our strategy is to: 

Generate New Investor Accounts. Growing the number of investor accounts on our platform is a top priority. Investment dollars continuing to flow through our platform is a key revenue driver. When issuers advertise their offerings, they are generating new investor accounts for us at no cost to Netcapital. We plan to supplement our issuers spend on advertising by increasing our online marketing spend as well, which may include virtual conferences going forward. 

Hire Additional Business Development Staff. We seek to hire additional business development staff that is technology and financially passionate about capital markets to handle our growing backlog of potential customers. 

Increase the Number of Companies on Our Platform via Marketing. When a new company lists on our platform, they bring their customers, supporters, and brand ambassadors as new investors to Netcapital. We plan to increase our marketing budget to help grow our portal and advisory clients. 

Invest in Technology. Technology is critical to everything that we do. We plan to invest in developing innovative technologies that enhance our platform and allow us to pursue additional service offerings. For example, we plan on offering the ability to purchase securities sold under Regulation A. 

Incubate and Accelerate Our Advisory Portfolio Clients. The advisory portfolio and our equity interests in select advisory clients represent potential upside for our shareholders. We seek to grow this model of advisory clients. 

Expand Internationally. We believe there is a significant opportunity to expand into Europe and Asia as an appetite abroad grows for U.S. stocks. 

Open ATS/Secondary Transfer Feature. Lack of liquidity is a key issue for investors in private companies as private markets lack a liquidity feature in our targeted market. In January 2023, we entered into software license and services agreement with Templum Markets LLC, operator of an ATS with approval in 53 U.S. states and territories, for the trading of unregistered or private securities to provide issuers and investors on the Netcapital funding portal with the potential for greater distribution and liquidity. A beta testing platform has been established and the functionality is currently being tested. 

New Verticals Represent a Compelling Opportunity. We operate in a regulated market supported by the JOBS Act. We may pursue expansion to our model to include Regulation A and Regulation D offerings. 

Industry Tailwinds 

Two major tailwinds are driving accelerated growth
in the shift to digital fundraising: the COVID-19 pandemic and regulatory enhancements to the Jobs Act. The pandemic drove a rapid need
to bring as many processes as possible online. With travel restrictions in place and most people in lockdown, entrepreneurs were no longer
able to fundraise in person and have increasingly turned to online capital raising through funding portals. 

In addition, exempt offering regulatory enhancements
proposed by the SEC in 2020 went into effect in March 2021. These amendments increased the offering limits for Reg CF, Regulation A and
Rule 504 of Regulation D offerings as follows: the Reg CF limit increased to 5 million from 1.07 million, every twelve months. Rule
504 of Regulation D moved to 10 million from 5 million and Regulation A Tier 2 rose to 75 million from 50 million. 

Investment Portfolio 

A key part of our story involves the potential value
creation driven by our portfolio companies. In our portfolio, we focus on companies with emerging, disruptive technologies. A partial
list of our investment portfolio is described below: 

10 

KingsCrowd 

Industry: Fintech 

Trusted
by over 300,000 investors to vet startup investments, KingsCrowd, Inc. is a leader in ratings and analytics for online private markets.
The company aggregates, analyzes, and rates companies raising on platforms like Netcapital to help investors make more informed decisions. 

ChipBrain 

Industry:
AI 

Effective
communicators close more deals. ChipBrain LLC s emotionally intelligent AI assistant provides real-time emotion, tone, and facial
expression feedback in live conversations across text, voice, and video. Taking the guesswork out of identifying conversational cues,
the company s technology enables sales professionals to see at a glance how they are coming across to customers. 

ScanHash LLC 

Industry: AI 

With
the click of a button and the wallet owner s permission, ScanHash s innovative program launches and immediately integrates
with customers' technology systems to search for clues and traces of their private key, digital wallets and other crypto-enabling logs
and records. Thanks to ScanHash s proprietary digital forensics technology, recovering lost cryptocurrency is affordable, accessible,
and safe. 

Zelgor 

Industry:
Mobile Games 

Backed
by famous venture capitalist Tim Draper, napster founder, Shawn Fanning, and co-creator of Guitar Hero, Kai Huang, Zelgor Inc. is an interactive
entertainment company featuring a new species of rambunctious alien characters called The Noobs. The Noobs are a unique and original intellectual
property introduced to the world through mobile games, multimedia content, and strategic partnerships. 

MustWatch 

Industry: Technology 

MustWatch LLC brings
your friends and favorite shows together all in one place. The Watch Party app makes it easy to find new shows, see what your friends
are watching, and recommend great shows to each other. The company s platform delivers targeted show recommendations based on the
television viewing tastes of users friends and family. It s not a single streaming platform s media catalog, but a
cross-platform television guide, crowdsourced from your friends and family. 

C-Reveal Therapeutics 

Industry: Cancer Immunotherapy 
 
 C-Reveal
Therapeutics s proprietary technology, developed at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University, helps the body's immune
system to identify and destroy cancer cells by inhibiting key enzymes that conceal the disease. This patent pending approach is designed
to improve the efficacy of treating a broad range of cancers. 

Hiveskill LLC 

11 

Industry: AI 
 
 The
product is an AI-powered database and CRM hybrid that uses data and emotionally intelligent AI to boost direct one-to-one marketing efforts.
It also provides specialized experts who know how to leverage your company s data. 

Caesar Media Group Inc. 

Industry: Marketing 
 
 Caesar
Media Group, Inc. is an advanced marketing and technology solutions provider. Caesar Media Group is designed to leverage its technology
and data to provide lead generation, search engine optimization (SEO) website development, project development, digital marketing, content
management, customer service, and sales management. 

Although each of the above companies possesses potential
to be a valuable liquid asset for our Company, they are subject to swings in their valuation and on a quarter-to-quarter basis, may create
extreme volatility in our earnings report, as we mark the value of the investment to the most recent observable price. Some of our investments
may decrease to a value of zero dollars. 

Major Customers 

For the year ended April 30, 2023,
the Company had one customer that constituted 25 of its revenues, and four customers that each constituted 14 of its revenues. For the
year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had one customer that constituted 22 of its revenues, a second customer that constituted 22 of
its revenues, and a third customer that constituted 18 of its revenues. 

Recent Developments 

May 2023 Registered Direct
Offering 

On May 23, 2023, we entered
into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to such investors,
in a registered direct offering (the Offering ), 1,100,000 shares (the Shares of our common stock at a price
of 1.55 per Share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,705,000, before deducting the placement agent's fees and other offering expenses
payable by the Company. The Offering closed on May 25, 2023 and we received aggregate net proceeds of 1,468,700. The Shares were offered
and issued and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-267921) filed by the Company with
the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), on October 18, 2022 and declared effective on
October 26, 2022. 

We used approximately 365,000
of the net proceeds from the Offering to repay certain indebtedness, and the remainder of net proceeds for working capital and general
corporate purposes. 

Also in connection with the
Offering, on May 23, 2023, we entered into a placement agency agreement with ThinkEquity (the Placement Agent ), pursuant
to which (i) the Placement Agent agreed to act as placement agent on a best efforts basis in connection with the Offering,
(ii) we agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate fee equal to 8.0 of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering, and to reimburse
the Placement Agent for certain expenses, and (iii) we agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to 55,000 shares
of Common Stock at an exercise price of 1.94 (the Placement Agent Warrants ), which were issued on May 25, 2023. The Placement
Agent Warrants (and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants) were not registered under the
Securities Act, and were offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 

Repayment of Secured Debt 

On May 25, 2023, we paid 367,167 to our secured lender,
Vaxstar LLC, to pay off the remaining 350,000 principal balance and 17,167 in interest, using a portion of the net proceeds of the Offering.
Following repayment to Vaxstar LLC the facility was closed and all related agreements were terminated in accordance with their terms. 

Recent Common Stock Issuances. 

12 

In April and May 2023, we issued an aggregate of 450,000
shares of common stock to consultants in consideration of services rendered. In addition, in July 2023, we issued 49,855 shares of common
stock to an unrelated third party, in consideration of a release from such third party related to settlement of an outstanding debt between
such third-party and Netcapital DE LLC. We did not receive any proceeds from these issuances. Such shares were issued as restricted securities
and were issued pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

July 2023 Public Offering 

On July 24, 2023 the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of 1,725,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price to the public of 0.70 per share for aggregate gross
proceeds of 1,207,500, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. In conjunction with this
offering, the Company issued the underwriter and its designees warrants to purchase 86,250 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of 0.875. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices
are located at State Street Financial Center, One Lincoln Street, Boston, Massachusetts and our telephone number is 781-925-1700. We maintain
a corporate website with the address http://www.netcapitalinc.com, our funding portal maintains a website with the address http://www.netcapital.com,
Netcapital Advisors maintains a website at http://www.netcapitaladvisors.com and our valuation business maintains a website at https://valucorp.com/. We
have not incorporated by reference into this Report on Form 10-K the information on any of our websites and you should not consider any
of such information to be a part of this document. Our website addresses are included in this document for reference only. 

We make available free of charge through our corporate
website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports
through a link to the EDGAR database as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such
material to the SEC. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100
F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling
the SEC at 1.800.SEC.0330. In addition, the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements,
and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including all of our filings. 

13 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Certain factors
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. You should consider carefully the
risks and uncertainties described below, in addition to other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our
consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that
adversely affect our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and future prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and
you could lose part or all of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Need for Additional Capital 

We will need to raise
additional funding, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Failure to obtain this necessary capital when needed may
force us to delay, limit or terminate operations. 

Our cash balances at April
30, 2023 and July 25, 2023 were 569,441 and 1,256,200, respectively. We will need to raise additional capital following the date of
this report through the offering of additional equity and/or debt securities and/or the sale of equity positions in certain portfolio
companies for which Netcapital Advisors provides marketing and strategic advice. In the event that we are not able to raise additional
working capital through these methods, we do not expect that our cash on hand will be sufficient to fund our current operations for the
next 12 months. Our operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to us, and we may need to seek additional
funds sooner than planned, through public or private equity or debt financings, government or other third-party funding or a combination
of these approaches. Raising funds in the current economic environment may present additional challenges. Even if we believe we have sufficient
funds for our current or future operating plans, we may seek additional capital if market conditions are favorable or if we have specific
strategic considerations. 

Any additional fundraising
efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available
in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings
or the rights of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such
issuance, may cause the market price of our shares of common stock to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities
may dilute our existing stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations, and we may be
required to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability
to acquire, sell or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct
our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise at an earlier stage
than otherwise would be desirable and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our technologies or product candidates or otherwise
agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Growth Strategy 

We have a limited operating history and our
profits have been generated primarily by unrealized gains from equity securities we own in other companies. Although we have been profitable,
the likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently
encountered by a small developing company. 

We were incorporated in the State of Utah
in April 1984. Although we have reported earnings in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the majority of our earnings came from
unrealized gains in equity securities that we own. These securities have observable prices but are not liquid. Furthermore, the likelihood
of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered by
a small developing company starting a new business enterprise and the highly competitive environment in which we will operate. Since
we have a limited operating history, we cannot assure you that our business will maintain profitability. 

14 

We have substantial customer concentration,
with a limited number of customers accounting for a substantial portion of our revenues. 

 We currently derive a significant
portion of our revenues from a limited number of customers. For the year ended April 30, 2023, the Company had one customer that constituted
25 of its revenues, and four customers that each constituted 14 of its revenues. For the year ended April 30, 2022, the Company had
one customer that constituted 22 of its revenues, a second customer that constituted 22 of its revenues, and a third customer that constituted
18 of its revenues. There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of
customers. It is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our services that will be generated by these customers
or new customers, or the future demand for the products and services of these customers or new customers. If any of these customers
experience declining or delayed sales due to market, economic or competitive conditions, we could be pressured to reduce the prices we
charge for our products which could have an adverse effect on our margins and financial position and could negatively affect our revenues
and results of operations and/or trading price of our common stock. 

We operate in a regulatory environment
that is evolving and uncertain. 

 The regulatory framework for online capital
formation or crowdfunding is very new. The regulations that govern our operations have been in existence for a very few years. Further,
there are constant discussions among legislators and regulators with respect to changing the regulatory environment. New laws and regulations
could be adopted in the United States and abroad. Further, existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in ways that would impact
our operations, including how we communicate and work with investors and the companies that use our services and the types of securities
that our clients can offer and sell on our platform. 

 We operate in a highly regulated industry. 

 We are subject to extensive regulation and failure
to comply with such regulation could have an adverse effect on our business. Further, our subsidiary Netcapital Funding Portal Inc is
registered as a funding portal. As a funding portal we have to comply with stringent regulations, and the operation of our funding portal
is frequently subject to examination, constraints on its business, and in some cases fines. In addition, some of the restrictions and
rules applicable to our subsidiary could adversely affect and limit some of our business plans. 

Our funding portal s service offerings
are relatively new in an industry that is still quickly evolving . 

 The principal securities regulations that we
work with, Rule 506(c) and Reg CF, have only been in effect in their current form since 2013 and 2016, respectively. Our ability to continue
to penetrate the market remains uncertain as potential issuer companies may choose to use different platforms or providers (including,
in the case of Rule 506(c) and Regulation A, using their own online platform), or determine alternative methods of financing. Investors
may decide to invest their money elsewhere. Further, our potential market may not be as large, or our industry may not grow as rapidly
as anticipated. Success will likely be a factor of investing in the development and implementation of marketing campaigns, repeat business
from both issuer companies and investors, and favorable changes in the regulatory environment. 

 We have an evolving business model. 

Our business model is one of innovation, including
continuously working to expand our product lines and services to our clients. For example, we are evaluating an expansion into the broker-dealer
space as well as our foray into becoming an alternative trading system. It is unclear whether these services will be successful. Further,
we continuously try to offer additional types of services, and we cannot offer any assurance that any of them will be successful. From
time to time, we may also modify aspects of our business model relating to our service offerings. We cannot offer any assurance that these
or any other modifications will be successful or will not result in harm to the business. We may not be able to manage growth effectively,
which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. 

15 

We may be liable for misstatements made by issuers. 

 Under the Securities Act and the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), issuers making offerings through our funding portal may be liable for inappropriate
disclosures, including untrue statements of material facts or for omitting information that could make the statements misleading. This
liability may also extend in Reg CF offerings to funding portals, such as our subsidiary. Even though due diligence defenses may be available,
there can be no assurance that if we were sued, we would prevail. Further, even if we do succeed, lawsuits are time consuming and expensive,
and being a party to such actions may cause us reputational harm that would negatively impact our business. Moreover, even if we are not
liable or a party to a lawsuit or enforcement action, some of our clients have been and will be subject to such proceedings. Any involvement
we may have, including responding to document production requests, may be time-consuming and expensive as well. 

 Our compliance is focused on U.S. laws
and we have not analyzed foreign laws regarding the participation of non-U.S. residents. 

 Some of the investment opportunities posted
on our platform are open to non-U.S. residents. We have not researched all the applicable foreign laws and regulations, and we have not
set up our structure to be compliant with foreign laws. It is possible that we may be deemed in violation of those laws, which could result
in fines or penalties as well as reputational harm. Any violation of foreign laws may limit our ability in the future to assist companies
in accessing money from those investors, and compliance with those laws and regulations may limit our business operations and plans for
future expansion. 

 Our cash flow is reliant on one main
type of service. 

 Most of our cash-flow generating services are variants
on one type of service: providing a platform for online capital formation. Our revenues are therefore dependent upon the market for online
capital formation. As such, any downturn in the market could have a material adverse effect of our business and financial condition. 

We depend on key personnel and face challenges
recruiting needed personnel. 

Our future success depends on the efforts of a small
number of key personnel, including the founder of our subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer, and our compliance, engineering and marketing teams. Our software engineer team, as well as our compliance team and our marketing
team are critical to continually innovate and improve our products while operating in a highly regulated industry. In addition, due to
the specialized expertise required, we may not be able to recruit the individuals needed for our business needs. There can be no assurance
that we will be successful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to operate and be innovative. 

We are vulnerable to hackers and cyber
attacks. 

 As an internet-based business, we may be vulnerable
to hackers who may access the data of our investors and the issuer companies that utilize our platform. Further, any significant disruption
in service on our funding portal platform or in our computer systems could reduce the attractiveness of our platform and result in a loss
of investors and companies interested in using our platform. Further, we rely on a third-party technology provider to provide some of
our back-up technology as well as act as our escrow agent. Any disruptions of services or cyber-attacks either on our technology provider,
escrow agent, or on us could harm our reputation and materially negatively impact our financial condition and business. 

 Our funding portal relies on one escrow agent
to hold investment commitments for issuers. 

We currently rely on First Citizens Bank to provide
all escrow services related to offerings on our platform. Any change in this relationship will require us to find another escrow agent
and escrow bank. This change may cause us delays as well as additional costs in transitioning our technology. We are not allowed to operate
our funding portal business without a qualified third-party escrow bank. There are a limited number of banks that provide this service.
As such, if our relationship with our escrow agent is terminated, we may have difficulty finding a replacement which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

16 

If our wholly owned subsidiary, Netcapital Funding
Portal Inc., fails to comply with its obligations under the license agreement with Netcapital Systems LLC under which the technology to
operate our funding portal is licensed to Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., we could lose rights necessary to operate our funding portal
which are important to our business. 

Our wholly owned subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal
Inc. has licensed the technology necessary to operate our funding portal from our majority stockholder, Netcapital Systems LLC, of which
Mr. Frishman owns a 29 interest. These rights are extremely important to our business. If Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. fails to comply
with any obligations under this license agreement, such license agreement may be subject to termination in whole or in part, which could
severely impact our ability to operate our funding portal which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position,
and results of operations. 

In addition, disputes may arise regarding the technology
subject to a license agreement, including: 

the scope
of rights granted under the license agreement and other interpretation-related issues; 

the extent
to which our processes infringe on the technology of Netcapital Systems LLC that is not subject to the license agreement; 

the ownership
of inventions and know-how resulting from the joint creation or use of technology by Netcapital Systems LLC and us. 

Disputes over technology under the license agreement
with Netcapital Systems LLC may prevent or impair our ability to maintain our current license agreement on acceptable terms, and we may
be unable to successfully operate our funding portal. In addition, any failure of Netcapital Systems LLC to service the technology subject
to the license agreement or to operate its website could result in our inability to operate our funding portal which would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Netcapital Systems LLC relies on third-party
software for the technology subject to the license agreement with Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. that may be difficult to replace
or which could cause errors or failures of our funding portal. 

 Netcapital Systems
LLC relies on software licensed from third parties for the technology subject to the license agreement with Netcapital Funding Portal
Inc. This software may not continue to be available at reasonable prices or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss by Netcapital
Systems LLC of the right to use any of this software could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in the provisioning
of our funding portal until equivalent technology is either developed by us or Netcapital Systems LLC, or, if available, is identified,
obtained, and integrated, which could harm our business. Any errors or defects in third-party software could result in errors or a failure
of our funding portal which could harm our business. 

Our strategy to purchase a portion of
early-stage companies may provide us with investments that have no liquidity. 

 It is our strategy to sometimes purchase,
at an affordable price, part or all of early-stage companies and cross pollinate the ideas, technology and expertise within these companies
to enhance the operations, profits and market share of all the entities. That strategy may result in us diverting management attention
and advisory resources to do work for early-stage companies that pay for the work with equity, which becomes impaired in value or never
becomes a liquid asset. For all of these early-stage companies, the future liquidity and value of our investments cannot be guaranteed,
and no market may exist for us to generate gains from our investments in early-stage companies. 
 
 Our business depends on the reliability of the infrastructure that supports the Internet and the viability of the Internet. 

 The growth of Internet usage has caused frequent
interruptions and delays in processing and transmitting data over the Internet. There can be no assurance that the Internet infrastructure
or the Company s own network systems will continue to be able to support the demands placed on it by the continued growth of the
Internet, the overall online securities industry or that of our customers. 

 The Internet s viability could be affected
if the necessary infrastructure is not sufficient, or if other technologies and technological devices eclipse the Internet as a viable
channel. 

 End-users of our software depend on Internet
Service Providers ISPs ), online service providers and our system infrastructure for access to the Internet sites that
we operate. Many of these services have experienced service outages in the past and could experience service outages, delays and other
difficulties due to system failures, stability or interruption. As a result, we may not be able to meet a level of service that we have
promised to our subscribers, and we may be in breach of our contractual commitments, which could materially adversely affect our business,
revenues, operating results and financial condition. 

17 

We are dependent on general economic conditions. 

Our business model is dependent on investors investing
in the companies presented on our platforms. Investment dollars are disposable income. Our business model is thus dependent on national
and international economic conditions. Adverse national and international economic conditions may reduce the future availability of investment
dollars, which would negatively impact our revenues and possibly our ability to continue operations. It is not possible to accurately
predict the potential adverse impacts on the Company, if any, of current economic conditions on its financial condition, operating results
and cash flow. 

We face significant market competition. 

We facilitate online capital formation. Though this
is a new market, we compete against a variety of entrants in the market as well as new entrants into the market. Some of these follow
a regulatory model that is different from ours and might provide them competitive advantages. New entrants could include those that may
already have a foothold in the securities industry, including some established broker-dealers. Further, online capital formation is not
the only way to address helping start-ups raise capital, and the Company has to compete with a number of other approaches, including traditional
venture capital investments, loans and other traditional methods of raising funds and companies conducting crowdfunding raises on their
own websites. Additionally, some competitors and future competitors may be better capitalized than us, which would give them a significant
advantage in marketing and operations. 

Moreover, as we continue to expand our offerings,
we will continue to face headwinds and compete with companies that are more established and/or have more financial resources than we do
and/or new entrants bringing disruptive technologies and/or ideas. 

Intense competition could prevent us
from increasing our market share and growing our revenues. 

 We compete with a number of public and private
companies and most of our competitors have significant financial resources and occupy entrenched positions in the market with name-brand
recognition. We also face challenges from new Internet sites that aim to attract subscribers who seek to play interactive games or invest
in public or private securities. Such companies may be able to attract significantly more subscribers because of new marketing ideas and
user interface concepts. 

 Increased competition from current and future
competitors may in the future materially adversely affect our business, revenues, operating results and financial condition. 

 We may require additional financing in the future
to fund our operations. 

We may need additional capital in the future to continue
to execute our business plan. Therefore, we will be dependent upon additional capital in the form of either debt or equity to continue
our operations. At the present time, we do not have arrangements to raise all of the needed additional capital, and we will need to identify
potential investors and negotiate appropriate arrangements with them. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a
number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to raise additional
capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue our operations. 

Raising additional capital may cause dilution
to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish certain rights. 

We may seek additional capital through a combination
of equity offerings, debt financings, strategic collaborations and alliances or licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through the sale of equity, convertible debt securities or other equity-based derivative securities, your ownership interest will
be diluted and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Any indebtedness
we incur could involve restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, acquire or license intellectual
property rights, declare dividends, make capital expenditures and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability
to conduct our business. Furthermore, the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such
issuance, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. If we raise additional funds through strategic collaborations and
alliances or licensing arrangements with third parties, or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. Adequate additional financing may not be available to us on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

18 

Our debt level could negatively impact our financial
condition, results of operations and business prospects. 

As of April 30, 2023, we had approximately 2,735,800
of principal indebtedness outstanding and we have borrowed money on three occasions from the SBA. Our level of debt could have significant
consequences to our shareholders, including the following: 

requiring the dedication of
a substantial portion of cash flow from operations to make payments on debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for working
capital, capital expenditures and other general business activities; 

requiring a substantial portion
of our corporate cash reserves to be held as a reserve for debt service, limiting our ability to invest in new growth opportunities; 

limiting the ability to obtain
additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and other activities; 

limiting the flexibility in
planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and industry in which we operate; 

increasing our vulnerability
to both general and industry-specific adverse economic conditions; 

putting us at a competitive
disadvantage vs. less leveraged competitors; and 

increasing vulnerability to
changes in the prevailing interest rates. 

Our ability to make payments of principal and interest,
or to refinance our indebtedness, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors.
Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow in the future to service our debt because of factors beyond our control, including
but not limited to our ability to market our products and expand our operations. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows,
we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as restructuring debt or obtaining additional equity capital on terms that
may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition
at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result
in a default on our debt obligations. 

We may make acquisitions or form joint ventures
that are unsuccessful. 

Our ability to grow is partially dependent on our
ability to successfully acquire other companies, which creates substantial risk. In order to pursue a growth by acquisition strategy successfully,
we must identify suitable candidates for these transactions; however, because of our limited funds, we may not be able to purchase those
companies that we have identified as potential acquisition candidates. Additionally, we may have difficulty managing post-closing issues
such as the integration into our corporate structure. Integration issues are complex, time consuming and expensive and, without proper
planning and implementation, could significantly disrupt our business, including, but not limited to, the diversion of management's attention,
the loss of key business and/or personnel from the acquired company, unanticipated events, and legal liabilities. 

Our future growth depends on our ability to
develop and retain customers. 

19 

Our future growth depends to a large extent on our
ability to effectively anticipate and adapt to customer requirements and offer services that meet customer demands. If we are unable to
attract new customers and/or retain new customers, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely
affected. 

We will need to attract, train and retain additional
highly qualified senior executives and technical and managerial personnel in the future. 

We continue to seek technical and managerial staff
members, although we have limited resources to compensate them until we have raised additional capital or developed a business that generates
consistent cash flow from operations. We believe it is important to negotiate with potential candidates and, if appropriate, engage them
on a part-time basis or on a project basis and compensate them at least partially, with stock-based compensation, when appropriate. There
is a high demand for highly trained and managerial staff members. If we are not able to fill these positions, it may have an adverse effect
on our business. 

Major health epidemics, such as the outbreak
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and other outbreaks or unforeseen or catastrophic events could continue to disrupt and adversely affect
our operations, financial condition and business. 

Public health epidemics or outbreaks could adversely
impact our business. The extent to which the coronavirus impacts our operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain
and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity
of the coronavirus and the emergence of variants, among others. In particular, the spread and treatment of the coronavirus globally could
adversely impact our operations and could have an adverse impact on our business and our financial results. To date, our business has
not been impacted by COVID-19 but it could be in the future. 

We may not be able to protect all of our intellectual
property. 

Our profitability may depend in part on our ability to effectively
protect our proprietary rights, including obtaining trademarks for our brand names, protecting our products and websites, maintaining
the secrecy of our internal workings and preserving our trade secrets, as well as our ability to operate without inadvertently infringing
on the proprietary rights of others. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain future protections for our intellectual
property or defend our current trademarks and future trademarks and patents. Further, policing and protecting our intellectual property
against unauthorized use by third parties is time-consuming and expensive, and certain countries may not even recognize our intellectual
property rights. There can also be no assurance that a third party will not assert infringement claims with respect to our products or
technologies. Any litigation for both protecting our intellectual property or defending our use of certain technologies could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition, regardless of the outcome of such litigation. 

Our revenues and profits are subject to fluctuations. 

It is difficult to accurately forecast our revenues
and operating results, and these could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include adverse changes in:
number of investors and amount of investors dollars, the success of world securities markets, general economic conditions, our
ability to market our platform to companies and investors, headcount and other operating costs, and general industry and regulatory conditions
and requirements. The Company's operating results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and others not listed.
At times, these fluctuations may be significant and could impact our ability to operate our business. 

Natural disasters and other events beyond our
control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may
cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect
on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond
our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for
us to deliver our services to our customers and could decrease demand for our services. Since the spring of 2020, large segments of the
U.S. and global economies were impacted by COVID-19, a significant portion of the U.S. population were subject to stay at home 
or similar requirements. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments,
including the duration and spread of the outbreak, impact on our customers (both issuers using our services and investors investing on
our platform) and our sales cycles, impact on our customer, employee or industry events, and effect on our vendors, all of which are uncertain
and cannot be predicted. At this point, the extent to which COVID-19 may impact our financial condition or results of operations is uncertain.
To date, the COVID-19 outbreak has significantly impacted global markets, U.S. employment numbers, as well as the business prospects of
many small businesses (our potential clients). A significant part of our business model is based on receiving a percentage of the investments
made through our platform and services. Further, we are dependent on investments in our offerings to fund our business. However, to date,
other than working remotely, COVID-19 has not had a negative impact on the Company. While our business has not yet been impacted by COVID-19,
to the extent COVID-19 continues and limits investment capital or personally impacts any of our key employees, it may have a significant
impact on our results and operations. 

20 

Acquisitions may have unanticipated
consequences that could harm our business and our financial condition. 

Any acquisition that we pursue, whether successfully
completed or not, involves risks, including: 

material
adverse effects on our operating results, particularly in the fiscal quarters immediately following the acquisition of acquired entities
that are integrated into our operations; 

risks
associated with entering into markets or conducting operations where we have no or limited prior experience; 

problems
retaining key personnel; 

potential
impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill acquired in the acquisition; 

potential
unknown liabilities; 

difficulties
of integration and failure to realize anticipated synergies; and 

disruption
of our ongoing business, including diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. 

Future acquisitions may be accomplished through a
cash purchase transaction, the issuance of our equity securities or a combination of both, could result in potentially dilutive issuances
of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt and contingent liabilities and impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible
assets, any of which could harm our business and financial condition. 

If we do not effectively protect our customers 
credit and debit card data, or other personal information, we could be exposed to data loss, litigation, liability and reputational damage. 

In connection with credit and debit card sales, we
transmit confidential credit and debit card information by way of secure online networks. Although we use private networks, third parties
may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit and debit
card sales, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper
access to this information. If a person were able to circumvent these security measures, he or she could destroy or steal valuable information
or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation and liability and could seriously disrupt
our operations and any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation. 

We could be harmed by improper disclosure or
loss of sensitive or confidential Company, employee, associate or customer data, including personal data. 

21 

In connection with the operation of our business,
we plan to store, process and transmit data, including personal and payment information, about our employees, customers, associates and
candidates, a portion of which is confidential and/or personally sensitive. Unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential
data may occur through a variety of methods. These include, but are not limited to, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation,
or unauthorized access to or through our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer
programmers, hackers, members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other
malicious software programs. 

Such disclosure, loss or breach could harm our reputation
and subject us to government sanctions and liability under our contracts and laws that protect sensitive or personal data and confidential
information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible that security controls over sensitive or confidential data
and other practices we and our third-party vendors follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such information.
The potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks may increase as we introduce new services and offerings, such as mobile technology.
Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions
in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure, or security of
personal information or other privacy related matters, or any failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements in this area, could
result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace. 

Failure to recognize, respond to and effectively
manage the accelerated impact of social media could adversely impact our business. 

In recent years, there has been a marked increase
in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of Internet based communications
which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. The rising popularity of social media and
other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination. Many social media platforms
immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted.
Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. The dissemination of information
via social media could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information s
accuracy. The damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. 

In addition, social media is frequently used to communicate
with our customers and the public in general. Failure by us to use social media effectively or appropriately, particularly as compared
to our brands respective competitors, could lead to a decline in brand value, customer visits and revenue. Other risks associated
with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our brands, exposure of personally
identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. The inappropriate use of social media by our
customers or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and
adversely affect our results of operations. 

Risks Related to Receipt of Securities for Services 

We are not, and do not intend to become, regulated
as an investment company under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 40 Act, (and similar legislation in other jurisdictions)
and if we are deemed an investment company under the 40 Act applicable restrictions would make it impractical for us to
operate as contemplated. 

The 40 Act and the rules thereunder (and similar legislation
in other jurisdictions) provide certain protections to investors and impose certain restrictions on companies that are registered as investment
companies. Among other things, such rules limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and
equity securities and impose certain governance requirements. We have not been and do not intend to become regulated as an investment
company and we intend to conduct our activities so we will not be deemed to be an investment company under the 40 Act (and similar legislation
in other jurisdictions). In order to ensure that we are not deemed to be an investment company, we may be required to materially restrict
or limit the scope of our operations or plans related to us, we will be limited in the types of acquisitions that we may make and we may
need to modify our organizational structure or dispose of assets that we would not otherwise dispose of. Moreover, if anything were to
happen which would potentially cause us to be deemed an investment company under the 40 Act, it would be impractical for us to operate
as intended pursuant to our platform and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially adversely affected.
Accordingly, we would be required to take extraordinary steps to address the situation, such as the modification and restructuring of
our platform, which would materially adversely affect our ability to derive revenue. 

22 

Our consulting and advisory services are primarily
paid for in restricted shares of stock of our customers, which are often private companies with no established trading market for their
securities. 

For our consulting and advisory services, payment
is often made through equity securities of customers instead of cash. The securities issued are in private companies with no established
trading market for their securities. In the absence of a trading market, we may be unable to liquidate our investment, which will result
in the loss of our investment. 

Risk Factors Related to our Common Stock 

Concentration of ownership
among our majority stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 

As of July 26 2023, Netcapital
Systems LLC, our largest stockholder, beneficially owned, in the aggregate, approximately 18.2 of our outstanding shares of common stock.
As a result, this stockholder will be able to exercise a significant level of control over matters requiring stockholder approval, including
the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions. This control
could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company or changes in management and will make the approval
of certain transactions difficult or impossible without the support of these stockholders. 

There can be no assurance that we will be able
to comply with Nasdaq s continued listing standards, a failure of which could result in a delisting of our common stock and warrants . 

Nasdaq requires that the trading price of a company s
listed stock on Nasdaq remain above one dollar in order for such stock to remain listed. If a listed stock trades below one dollar for
more than 30 consecutive trading days, then it is subject to delisting from Nasdaq. In addition, to maintain a listing on Nasdaq, we must
satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements and standards, including those regarding director independence and
independent committee requirements, minimum stockholders equity, and certain corporate governance requirements. If we are unable
to satisfy these requirements or standards, we could be subject to delisting, which would have a negative effect on the price of our common
stock and warrants and would impair your ability to sell or purchase our common stock when you wish to do so. In the event of a delisting,
we would expect to take actions to restore our compliance with the listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such
action taken by us would allow our common stock to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common
stock, prevent our common stock from dropping below the minimum bid price requirement, or prevent future non-compliance with the listing
requirements. 

We recently sold a substantial number
of shares of our common stock and warrants to purchase common stock in a public offering, which could cause the price of our common stock
to decline . 

In our May 2023 offering, we sold 1,100,000 shares
of common stock. The existence of the potential additional shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such
additional shares may be in the market, could adversely affect the price of our common stock. We cannot predict the effect, if any, that
market sales of those shares of common stock or the availability of those shares of common stock for sale will have on the market price
of our common stock. Any decline in the price of a share of common stock will also have a negative effect on the price in the market of
a warrant. 

We do not expect to pay dividends and
investors should not buy our common stock expecting to receive dividends. 

We have not paid any dividends on our common
stock in the past, and do not anticipate that we will declare or pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, you will only
realize an economic gain on your investment in our common stock if the price appreciates. You should not purchase our common stock expecting
to receive cash dividends. Since we do not pay dividends, then you may have a limited ability to liquidate or receive any payment on your
investment. Therefore, our failure to pay dividends may cause you to not see any return on your investment even if we are successful in
our business operations. In addition, because we do not pay dividends we may have trouble raising additional funds, which could affect
our ability to expand our business operations. 

 We may conduct future offerings of our
common stock and pay debt obligations with our common stock which may diminish our investors pro rata ownership and depress our
stock price. 

 We reserve the right to make future offers
and sales, either public or private, of our securities, including shares of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock
at prices differing from the price of the common stock previously issued. In the event that any such future sales of securities are affected
or we use our common stock to pay principal or interest on our debt obligations, an investor s pro rata ownership interest may
be reduced to the extent of any such future sales. 

23 

The market price of our common stock is highly
volatile and could be subject to volatility related or unrelated to our operations. 

You should consider an investment in our securities
to be risky, and you should invest in our securities only if you can withstand a significant loss and wide fluctuations in the market
value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks
mentioned in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this prospectus, are: 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in quarterly funding portal revenues or operating results, whether in our operations or in those of our competitors; 

changes in financial estimates or opinions by research analysts, either with respect to us or other fintech companies; 

our failure to accelerate user growth or new issuer growth; 

any failure to meet investor or analyst expectations; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; 

actual or anticipated changes in domestic or worldwide economic, political or market conditions, such as recessions; 

changes in the consumer spending environment; 

terrorist acts; 

changes in laws or regulations, or new interpretations or applications of laws and regulations, that are applicable to our business; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in the shares of our common stock; 

future sales or issuances of our common stock, including sales or issuances by us, our directors or executive officers and our significant stockholders; 

our dividend policy; 

changes in the market valuations of other fintech companies; 

actions by stockholders; 

various market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, involving us, our vendors and clients, whether accurate or not; 

announcements by us or our competitors of new locations, technological advances, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, divestitures, joint ventures or other strategic initiatives; and 

a loss of a key member of management. 

The stock markets in general have experienced substantial
volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely
affect the trading price of our common stock in any market that develops for it. In addition, our stock price may be influenced by trading
activity in our common stock as a result of market commentary (including commentary that may be unreliable or incomplete in some cases);
changes in expectations about our business, our creditworthiness or investor confidence generally; or actions by stockholders and others
seeking to influence our business strategies. 

In the past, following periods of volatility in the
market price of a company s securities, stockholders have instituted class action securities litigation against those companies.
Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management attention and resources, which would significantly
harm our profitability and reputation. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our securities. 

In addition to the penny stock rules
described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable
grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative, low-priced securities to their
non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status,
tax status, investment objectives and other information. The FINRA requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend
that their customers buy our common stock or our warrants, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our
securities. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock or our warrants, reducing a stockholder s
ability to resell shares of our common stock and warrants. 

24 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they change their recommendations regarding our securities
adversely, the price of our common stock or warrants and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock may be influenced
by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If
any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our securities adversely, or provide more favorable relative
recommendations about our competitors, the price of our common stock or warrants would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us
was to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which
in turn could cause the price of our common stock or warrants or trading volume to decline. 

Our issuance of common stock upon the exercise
of options granted under our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan may dilute all other stockholders. 

We have issued options to purchase 1,950,000 shares
of common stock under our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan and we expect to issue options to purchase the remaining 50,000 shares of
common stock in the future to officers, directors, employees and consultants under our 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. Any such issuances
of common stock underlying stock options may cause stockholders to experience dilution of their ownership interests and the per share
value of our common stock to decline. 

Our compliance with complicated U.S. regulations
concerning corporate governance and public disclosure is expensive and diverts management s attention from our core business, which
could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

As a publicly reporting company, we are faced with
expensive, complicated and evolving disclosure, governance and compliance laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance
and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act, and Nasdaq rules. As a result of the complexity involved
in complying with the applicable rules and regulations, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns,
which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may need to hire more personnel in the future or engage
outside consultants, which will increase our operating expenses, to assist us in complying with these requirements. 

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards
relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial
compliance costs, and making some activities more time-consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations,
in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance
is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs
necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest substantial resources to comply with evolving
laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management s
time and attention from business operations to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards
differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory
authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. 

Failure to maintain
effective internal control over our financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could cause our financial
reports to be inaccurate. 

We are required pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to assess and report
on the effectiveness of those controls. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in
our internal control over financial reporting. Although we prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States, our internal accounting controls may not meet all standards applicable to companies with publicly traded
securities. If we fail to implement any required improvements to our disclosure controls and procedures, we may be obligated to report
control deficiencies in which case, we could become subject to regulatory sanction or investigation. Further, these outcomes could damage
investor confidence in the accuracy and reliability of our financial statements. 

25 

Claims for indemnification by our directors
and officers may reduce our available funds to satisfy successful third-party claims against us and may reduce the amount of money available
to us. 

Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that
we will indemnify our directors and officers, in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Utah law. 

In addition, as permitted by the Utah Business Corporation
Act, our bylaws and the indemnification agreements that we have entered into with our directors and officers provide that: 

we will indemnify our directors and officers for serving us in those capacities or for serving other business enterprises at our request, to the fullest extent permitted by Utah law. Utah law provides that a corporation may indemnify such person if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the registrant and, with respect to any criminal proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person s conduct was unlawful; 

we may, in our discretion, indemnify employees and agents in those circumstances where indemnification is permitted by applicable law; 

we are required to advance expenses, as incurred, to our directors and officers in connection with defending a proceeding, except that such directors or officers shall undertake to repay such advances if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification; 

we will not be obligated pursuant to our bylaws to indemnify a person with respect to proceedings initiated by that person against us or our other indemnitees, except with respect to proceedings authorized by our board of directors, or Board, or brought to enforce a right to indemnification; 

the rights conferred in our bylaws are not exclusive, and we are authorized to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors, officers, employees and agents and to obtain insurance to indemnify such persons; and 

we may not retroactively amend our bylaw provisions to reduce our indemnification obligations to directors, officers, employees and agents. 

Limitations on liability and indemnification
matters. 

As permitted by the corporate laws of the state of
Utah, our articles of incorporation include a provision to eliminate the personal liability of our directors for monetary damages for
breach or alleged breach of their fiduciary duties as directors, subject to certain exceptions. In addition, our bylaws provide that we
are required to indemnify our officers and directors under certain circumstances, including those circumstances in which indemnification
would otherwise be discretionary, and we will be required to advance expenses to our officers and directors as incurred in connection
with proceedings against them for which they may be indemnified. If we are required to indemnify, both for the costs of their defense
in any action or to pay monetary damages upon a finding of a court or in any settlement, our business and financial condition could be
materially and adversely affected. 

26 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information under this item. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We utilize an office at 1 Lincoln Street in
Boston, Massachusetts. We currently pay rent of approximately 5,700 a month, and our lease agreement is through September 2023 for approximately
400 square feet in an office-suite location. The majority of our employees work remotely. We believe our current office space is suitable
and adequate for its intended purposes and our near-term expansion plans. 

 ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties,
and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of
any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or operating results. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable 

27 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

(a) Market Information 

Our common stock was quoted on the OTCQX marketplace
under the symbol NCPL before our listing on Nasdaq in July 2022. Any over-the-counter quotations reflect inter-dealer prices,
without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Our common stock and warrants trade on the Nasdaq
Capital Market under the symbols NCPL and NCPLW, respectively. Our common stock and warrants commenced trading
on Nasdaq on July 13, 2022. 

Recent Issuances of Unregistered Securities 

On May 10, 2023, we issued 100,000 shares of our common
stock for consulting services. We did not receive any proceeds from this issuance. The issuance was exempt under Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

On July 14, 2023, we issued 49,855 shares of our common
stock in consideration of a release from an unrelated third party in conjunction with the settlement of an outstanding debt between such
third party and Netcapital Systems LLC. We did not receive any proceeds from this issuance. The issuance was exempt under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(b) Holders 

There are 270 shareholders of record of our common
stock as of July 26, 2023. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock is Equity Stock Transfer LLC with its business address at 237 W 37 th Street, Suite 602, New York, NY 10018. Its telephone
number is (212) 575-5757 and its email address is info@equitystock.com. 

 (c) Dividends 

We have never paid dividends on our common stock and
do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. 

(d) Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

2021 Equity Incentive Plan . In November 2021,
our Board adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan. An aggregate of 300,000 shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance
and available for awards under the Plan, including incentive stock options granted under the Plan. The Plan administrator may grant awards
to any employee, director, consultant or other person providing services to us or our affiliates. As of July 26, 2023, we had awarded
an aggregate of 252,000 options to purchase shares of common stock to directors and there remain 48,000 shares for grant under the Plan. 

The Plan is administered by our Board. The Plan administrator
has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the Plan, the individuals to whom awards will be granted,
the nature, amount and terms of such awards and the objectives and conditions for earning such awards. Our Board may at any time amend
or terminate the Plan, provided that no such action may be taken that adversely affects any rights or obligations with respect to any
awards previously made under the Plan without the consent of the recipient. No awards may be made under the Plan after the tenth anniversary
of its effective date. 

28 

Awards under the Plan may include incentive stock
options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted shares of common stock, restricted stock
units, performance share awards, stock bonuses and other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive awards. 

2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan . On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the Netcapital Inc., 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Plan (the 2023 Plan ), which was subsequently approved by the Company s stockholders. The total number of shares of
common stock authorized for issuance under the 2023 Plan is (i) 2,000,000 shares of common stock plus (ii) an annual increase on the first
day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term of the 2023 Plan,
equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5 of the shares of common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include
shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of
common stock, including without limitation, preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of common stock) on
the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such lesser number of shares of common stock as determined by the Board;
provided, that, shares of common stock issued under the 2023 Plan with respect to an exempt award shall not count against such share limit.
No more than 2,000,000 Shares, and as increased on an annual basis, on the first day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024
and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, by the lesser of (A) five percent (5 of the shares
of common stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise or conversion
of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of common stock, including without limitation, preferred
stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of common stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year;
(B) 300,000 shares of common stock, and (C) such lesser number of shares of common stock as determined by the Board, shall be
issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. As of April 30, 2023, we had awarded an aggregate of 1,950,000 options to purchase shares of
common stock to directors and there remain 50,000 shares for grant under the 2023 Plan. 

The 2023 Plan will be administered
by the Board or a committee to which the Board delegates such responsibility (the Administrator ). The 2023 Plan will be
administered by the Administrator in accordance with Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Administrator
may interpret the 2023 Plan and may prescribe, amend, and rescind rules and make all other determinations necessary or desirable for the
administration of the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan permits the Administrator to select the eligible recipients who will receive awards, to
determine the terms and conditions of those awards, including but not limited to the exercise price or other purchase price of an award,
the number of shares of common stock or cash or other property subject to an award, the term of an award and the vesting schedule applicable
to an award, to determine the terms and conditions of written instruments evidencing such awards and to amend the terms and conditions
of outstanding awards. 

The 2023 Plan permits the
grant of: (a) stock options, which may be intended as incentive stock options ISOs or as nonqualified stock options (options
not meeting the requirements to qualify as ISOs); (b) stock appreciation rights SARs (c) restricted stock; (d) restricted
stock units; (e) cash incentive awards; or (f) other awards, including: (i) stock bonuses, performance stock, performance units, dividend
equivalents, or similar rights to purchase or acquire Shares, whether at a fixed or variable price or ratio related to the Common Stock,
upon the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance criteria or other conditions, or any
combination thereof; or (ii) any similar securities with a value derived from the value of or related to the Common Stock and/or returns
thereon. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION OF OUR PLAN OF OPERATION
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION WITH THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INCLUDED
ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT. THIS DISCUSSION CONTAINS FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS THAT RELATE TO FUTURE EVENTS OR OUR FUTURE FINANCIAL
PERFORMANCE. THESE STATEMENTS INVOLVE KNOWN AND UNKNOWN RISKS, UNCERTAINTIES AND OTHER FACTORS THAT MAY CAUSE OUR ACTUAL RESULTS,
LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR ACHIEVEMENTS TO BE MATERIALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANY FUTURE RESULTS, LEVELS OF ACTIVITY, PERFORMANCE OR
ACHIEVEMENTS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED BY THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. 

29 

Overview 

Netcapital Inc. is a fintech company with a
scalable technology platform that allows private companies to raise capital online from accredited and non-accredited investors. We give
virtually all investors the opportunity to access investments in private companies. Our model is disruptive to traditional private equity
investing and is based on Title III, Reg CF of the JOBS Act. We generate fees from listing private companies on our portal. Our consulting
group, Netcapital Advisors, provides marketing and strategic advice in exchange for cash and equity positions. The Netcapital funding
portal is registered with the SEC, is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, a registered national securities
association, and provides investors with opportunities to invest in private companies. 

 We provide private company investment access
to accredited retail and non-accredited retail investors through our online portal (www.netcapital.com). The Funding Portal charges a
 5,000 to 10,000 engagement fee, a 4.9 success fee for capital raised at closing and sometimes is paid with equity from the issuer that
has listed on the Funding Portal. In addition, the Funding Portal generates fees for other ancillary services, such as rolling closes.
Securities offerings on the portal are accessible through individual offering pages, where companies include product or service details,
market size, competitive advantages, and financial documents. Companies can accept investment from virtually anyone, including friends,
family, customers, employees, etc., at any time, with just a few clicks. 

 In addition to access to the Funding Portal,
Netcapital provides the following services: 

a fully automated onboarding process; 

automated filing of required regulatory documents; 

compliance review; 

custom-built offering page on our portal website; 

third party transfer agent and custodial services; 

email marketing to our proprietary list of investors; 

rolling closes, which provide potential access to liquidity
 before final close date of offering; 

assistance with annual filings; and 

direct access to our team for ongoing support. 

Our consulting group, Netcapital Advisors helps
companies at all stages to raise capital. Netcapital Advisors provides strategic advice, technology consulting and online marketing services
to assist with fundraising campaigns on the Netcapital platform. The Company also acts as an incubator and accelerator, taking equity
stakes in select disruptive start-ups. 

 Our limited operating history and the uncertain nature
of our future operations and the markets we address or intend to address make predictions of our future results of operations difficult.
Our operations may never generate significant revenues, and we may not consistently achieve profitable operations. 

Recent Developments 

May 2023 Registered Direct
Offering 

On May 23, 2023, we entered
into a securities purchase agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to such investors,
in a registered direct offering (the Offering ), 1,100,000 shares (the Shares of our common stock at a price
of 1.55 per Share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,705,000, before deducting the placement agent's fees and other offering expenses
payable by the Company. The Offering closed on May 25, 2023 and we received aggregate net proceeds of 1,468,700. The Shares were offered
and issued and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-267921) filed by the Company with
the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), on October 18, 2022 and declared effective on
October 26, 2022. 

30 

In connection with the Offering,
on May 23, 2023, we entered into a placement agency agreement with ThinkEquity (the Placement Agent ), pursuant to which
(i) the Placement Agent agreed to act as placement agent on a best efforts basis in connection with the Offering, (ii) we
agreed to pay the Placement Agent an aggregate fee equal to 8.0 of the gross proceeds raised in the Offering, and to reimburse the Placement
Agent for certain expenses, and (iii) we agreed to issue to the Placement Agent warrants to purchase up to 55,000 shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of 1.94 (the Placement Agent Warrants ), which were issued on May 25, 2023. The Placement Agent Warrants
(and the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Placement Agent Warrants) were not registered under the Securities Act,
and were offered pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 

Repayment of Secured Debt 

On May 25, 2023 the Company paid 367,167 to its secured
lender, Vaxstar LLC, to pay off the remaining 350,000 principal balance and 17,167 in interest. 

Recent Common Stock Issuances. 

In April and May 2023, we issued an aggregate of 450,000
shares of common stock to consultants in consideration of services rendered. In addition, in July 2023, we issued 49,855 shares of common
stock to an unrelated third party, in consideration of a release from such third party related to settlement of an outstanding debt between
such third-party and Netcapital DE LLC. We did not receive any proceeds from these issuances. Such shares were issued as restricted securities
and were issued pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

July 2023 Public Offering 

On July 24, 2023 the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of 1,725,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price to the public of 0.70 per share for aggregate gross
proceeds of 1,207,500, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. In conjunction with this
offering, the Company issued the underwriter and its designees warrants to purchase 86,250 shares of our common stock at an exercise price
of 0.875. 

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements
and related notes to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
that relate to future events or our future financial performance. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

Results of Operations 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year 2022 

Our revenues for fiscal 2023 increased by 3,013,150,
or 55 , to 8,493,985 as compared to 5,480,835 reported for fiscal 2022. The increase in revenues is attributable to increased revenues
from consulting services for equity securities, which recorded an increase in fees of 3,730,000, or 111 to 7,105,000 in fiscal 2023
as compared to 3,375,000 in fiscal 2022. The components of revenue are as follows: 

31 

April 30, 2023 
 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 Consulting services for equity securities 

7,105,000 

3,375,000 

Consulting revenue 

455,320 

503,233 

Portal fees 

418,513 

1,206,957 

Listing fees 

513,960 

394,490 

Other revenue 

1,192 

1,155 

Total 

8,493,985 

5,480,835 

In fiscal 2023 and 2022, the average dollars raised
in a successful offering on the funding portal amounted to 128,170 and 369,478, respectively, and the number of offerings that closed
successfully amounted to 49 and 64, respectively. 

Our costs of revenues decreased by 25,077, or 23 ,
to 85,038 in fiscal 2023, from 110,115 in fiscal 2022. The decrease is attributable to lower costs of sales from our non-funding portal
sources of income. 

Consulting expenses decreased by 303,218, or 34 ,
to 589,349 for fiscal 2023 from 892,567 reported in the prior fiscal year. The decrease was primarily attributed to a decrease in overseas
programmers. 

Payroll and payroll related expenses decreased by
 117,355, or 3 , to 3,646,490 in fiscal 2023, as compared to 3,763,845 in fiscal 2022. The decrease was attributed to a decrease in
staff and wages. 

General and administrative expenses increased by 138,667
or 9 , to 1,740,698 for the year ended April 30, 2023, as compared to 1,602,031 for the prior fiscal year. The primary increase in expenses
is attributable to professional fees. 

Interest expense decreased by 32,530 to 93,842 for
the year ended April 30, 2023, as compared to 126,372 for the prior fiscal year. The decrease in interest expense is attributed to a
reduction in debt owed to our secured lender. 

A realized loss of 406,060 was recorded in the year
ended April 30, 2023, as compared to no realized losses in the year ended April 30, 2022. The Company sold 606,060 shares of KingsCrowd
Inc. in June 2022 for proceeds of 200,000 that had been valued at 606,060 and recorded a realized loss on the sale of the investment
of 406,060. 

Unrealized gains on equity securities for the years
ended April 30, 2023 decreased by 1,418,245, or approximately 43 , to 1,857,500, as compared to 3,275,745 during the year ended April
30, 2022. The decrease in unrealized gains is attributable to the sale of common stock at 1.00 per share in a public offering by Kingscrowd
Inc., which exceeded the carrying value on our books by 3,275,745, during the year ended April 30, 2022, as compared to a net gain of
 1,857,500 from observable price changes in investment securities of three investments held by the Company during the year ended April
30, 2023. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of April 30, 2023, we had cash and cash equivalents
of 569,441 and negative working capital of 2,622,670 as compared to cash and cash equivalents of 473,925 and negative working capital
of 3,113,403 of April 30, 2022. 

We have been successful in raising capital by completing
public offerings of our common stock. 

On July 15, 2022, the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of 1,205,000 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 1,205,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at a combined public offering price of 4.15 per share and warrant. The gross proceeds from the offering were 5,000,750
prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses. The warrants have a per share exercise price of 5.19,
are exercisable immediately, and expire five years from the date of issuance. With the use of proceeds, we paid 1 million of debt to
our secured lender, to reduce the outstanding principal balance to 400,000. 

On December 16, 2022 we completed an underwritten
public offering of 1,247,000 shares of our common stock, at a price to the public of 1.40 per share. In conjunction with this offering,
we issued the underwriter and its designees warrants to purchase 62,350 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 1.75. The
underwriters exercised their over-allotment option and on January 5, 2023, we issued an additional 187,000 shares of its common stock
at a price of 1.40 per share. We received net proceeds of 1,621,459 for the issuance of a total of 1,434,000 shares of common stock
in both the initial and over-allotment offering. In conjunction with the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company issued the underwriter
and its designees warrants to purchase 9,350 shares of our common stock with an exercise price of 1.75. 

32 

On May 23, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase
agreement with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to such investors, in a registered
direct offering (the Offering ), 1,100,000 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ), at a price of 1.55 per Share, for aggregate gross proceeds of 1,705,000, before deducting
the placement agent's fees and other offering expenses payable by the Company. The Offering closed on May 25, 2023. The Shares were offered
and issued and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File 333-267921), filed by the Company with
the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on October 18, 2022 and declared effective on October
26, 2022. 

With the use of proceeds, we paid our secured lender
 350,000 in principal plus accrued interest of 17,167.23 to retire all outstanding obligations to the secured lender. 

On July 24, 2023 the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of 1,725,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price to the public of 0.70 per share for aggregate gross
proceeds of 1,207,500, before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses payable by the Company. In conjunction with this
offering, the Company issued the underwriter, and its designees, warrants to purchase 86,250 shares of our common stock at an exercise
price of 0.875. 

We
believe that our existing cash investment balances, our anticipated cash flows from operations and liquidity sources including 
o ffering of equity and/or debt securities
and/or the sale of equity positions in certain portfolio companies for which Netcapital Advisors provides marketing and strategic advice
will be sufficient to meet our working capital and expenditure requirements for the next 12 months. Although we believe we have adequate
sources of liquidity over the next 12 months, the success of our operations, the global economic outlook, and the pace of sustainable
growth in our markets, in each case, in light of the market volatility and uncertainty as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, among other
factors, could impact our business and liquidity. Up to this point in time, we believe the pandemic has helped drive people to online
investing, as we see regular monthly increases in users and dollars invested, and an increase in issuers seeking to use online fund-raising
services in lieu of face-to-face meetings. 

33 

Year over Year Changes 

Net cash used in operating activities amounted to
 4,617,200 in fiscal 2023, as compared to net cash used in operating activities of 3,006,667 in fiscal 2022. 

In fiscal 2023, the primary sources of cash were net
income of 2,954,972, changes in deferred taxes of 680,000, a realized loss on the sale of investments of 406,060, a decrease in accounts
receivable of 1,039,957 and stock-based compensation of 269,577. However, these items were offset by non-cash revenue from the receipt
of equity of 8,110,000, and an unrealized gain on equity securities of 1,857,500. In fiscal 2022, the primary sources of cash were net
income of 3,503,530 and stock-based compensation of 1,176,058. However, these items were offset by non-cash revenue from the receipt
of equity of 2,387,500, an unrealized gain on equity securities of 3,275,745 debt forgiveness of 1,904,302 and an increase in accounts
receivable of 1,153,598. 

In fiscal 2023, net cash provided by investing activities
amounted to 200,000 from the sale of an investment. In fiscal 2022, net cash used in investing activities amounted to 319,166, consisting
of loans to affiliates of 202,000 and an investment in an affiliate of 117,166. 

In fiscal 2023, net cash provided from financing activities
amounted to 4,512,716, which included proceeds from the sale of common stock of 5,570,576, which was offset by a payment of 7,860 for
a related party note, and payment of 1,050,000 to a secured lender. In fiscal 2022, net cash provided by financing activities amounted
to 1,325,799. Cash proceeds were received of 300,000 from the sale of two convertible notes, 400,000 from borrowing from our secured
lender and 625,799 from the sale of stock subscriptions. 

In fiscal 2023 and 2022, there were no expenditures
for capital assets. We do not anticipate any capital expenditures in the next fiscal year. 

New Accounting Standards 

The new accounting pronouncements in Note 1 to our
financial statements, which are included in this Report, are incorporated herein by reference thereto. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The most significant estimates include: 

revenue recognition and estimating allowance for doubtful
 accounts; 

valuation of long-lived assets; and 

valuation of intangible assets. 

We continually evaluate our accounting policies and
the estimates we use to prepare our financial statements. In general, the estimates are based on historical experience, on information
from third party professionals and on various other sources and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the facts and circumstances
at the time such estimates are made. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: 

it requires assumptions
 to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made; and 

changes
 in the estimate, or the use of different estimating methods, could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations
 or financial condition. 

34 

Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our financial statements, which are included in this Report. In many cases,
the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP. There are also areas in which management s
judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. 

Certain of our accounting policies are deemed critical ,
as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. The following critical accounting policies are not
intended to be a comprehensive list of all of our accounting policies or estimates: 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes service revenue
from its consulting contracts and its game website using the five-step model as prescribed by ASC 606: 

Identification of the
 contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

Identification of the
 performance obligations in the contract; 

Determination of the transaction
 price; 

Allocation of the transaction
 price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

Recognition of revenue
 when or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 

35 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

In order to record the Company s accounts receivable
at their net realizable value, the Company must assess their collectability. A considerable amount of judgment is required
in order to make this assessment, including an analysis of historical bad debts and other adjustments, a review of the aging of the Company s
receivables, and the current creditworthiness of the Company s customers. Generally, when a customer account reaches
a certain level of delinquency, the Company provides an allowance for the related amount receivable from the customer. The
Company writes off the accounts receivable balance from a customer and the related allowance established when it believes it has exhausted
all reasonable collection efforts. Net accounts receivable of 1,388,500 and 2,433,900 were recorded at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively,
and an allowance for doubtful accounts of 91,955 and 136,955 were recorded at April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB authoritative guidance requires that certain assets be reviewed for impairment and, if impaired, remeasured at fair value whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Impairment loss estimates are primarily
based upon management s analysis and review of the carrying value of long-lived assets at each balance sheet date, utilizing an
undiscounted future cash flow calculation. We did not recognize an impairment loss in fiscal 2023 and 2022. 

Income Taxes 

We estimate the degree to which tax assets and loss
carryforwards will result in a benefit based on expected profitability by tax jurisdiction. A valuation allowance for such tax assets
and loss carryforwards is provided when it is determined that such assets will more likely than not go unused. If it becomes more likely
than not that a tax asset or loss carry-forward will be used, the related valuation allowance on such assets is reversed. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 Information About Market Risk 

 We are not subject to fluctuations in interest
rates, currency exchange rates or other financial market risks. We have not made any sales, purchases or commitments with foreign entities
which would expose us to currency risks. 

36 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide information under this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements required by
this Item are included herein, commencing on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, with the participation
of the Principal Executive Officer (the PEO and Principal Financial Officer (the PFO ), has evaluated the
effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in SEC Rule 13a-15(e)) as of April 30, 2023. Based
on that evaluation, the PEO and the PFO concluded that, as of April 30, 2023, such controls and procedures were effective. 

(b) Management s Assessment of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f). A system of
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of
management, including the PEO and the PFO, the Company s management has evaluated the effectiveness of its internal control over
financial reporting as of April 30, 2023, based on the criteria established in a report entitled 2013 Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and the interpretive guidance issued by
the Commission in Release No. 34-55929. Based on this evaluation, the Company s management has evaluated and concluded
that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of April 30, 2023. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. The
Company s registered public accounting firm was not required to issue an attestation on its internal controls over financial reporting
pursuant to the rules of the SEC. The Company will continue to evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls and procedures
on an ongoing basis. 

(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal controls
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act) during the quarter
ended April 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not Applicable. 

37 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The following table and biographical summaries set
forth information, including principal occupation and business experience, about our directors and executive officers as of July 26, 2023. 

Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Officer or 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director Since 

Martin Kay 
 59 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 May 2022 

Cecilia Lenk 
 68 
 Director, CEO of Netcapital Advisors Inc. 
 July 2017 

Avi Liss 
 43 
 Secretary and Director 
 August 2010 

Steven Geary 
 56 
 Director 
 June 2006 

Arnold Scott 
 80 
 Director 
 November 2022 

Coreen Kraysler 
 59 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 September 2017 

Jason Frishman 
 30 
 Founder of Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. 
 November 2020 

Our directors serve in such capacity until the first
annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our officers serve at the discretion of
our board of directors, until their death, or until they resign or have been removed from office. 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Martin Kay, Director and Chief Executive Officer 

Martin Kay has served as a Director of the
Company since May 2022 and as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2023. He was formerly a Managing Director at Accenture Strategy,
a position he held from October 2015 until December 2022 and holds a BA in physics from Oxford University and an MBA from Stanford University
Graduate School of Business. Mr. Kay is an experienced C-suite advisor and digital media entrepreneur, working at the intersection of
business and technology. His experience includes oversight of our funding portal when he served on the board of managers of Netcapital
Systems LLC from 2017 2021. 

 Cecilia Lenk, Director and CEO of Netcapital Advisors
Inc. 

Cecilia Lenk has served as a director since July 2017.
She served as our Chief Executive Officer from July 2017 to January 2023 and currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of our wholly
owned subsidiary, Netcapital Advisors Inc. Prior to that, she worked as a self-employed business consultant and a town councilor in Watertown,
MA for five years. 

38 

Ms. Lenk has specialized in technology and health
care. Formerly Vice President of Technology and Digital Design at Decision Resources Inc., a global company serving the biopharmaceutical
market, she oversaw the implementation of new technologies, products, and business processes. Prior to joining Decision Resources, Cecilia
founded a technology firm that built a patented platform for online research. She has managed large-scale technology projects for leading
corporations, universities, government agencies, and major non-profit organizations. 

Ms. Lenk has a Ph.D. in Biology from Harvard University
and a B.A. from Johns Hopkins University in Geography and Environmental Engineering. She has served on a number of non-profit boards,
including Chair of the Johns Hopkins Engineering Alumni. She is currently on the Alumni Advisory Board for the Hopkins School of Engineering. 

Ms. Lenk brings to our Board key leadership experience
in high-growth technology companies and possesses a strong mix of strategic, finance, and operating skills. 

Avi Liss, Director and Secretary 

Avi Liss has served as a Director and Secretary of
the Company since August 2010. From August 2009 to present, he has served as the President of Liss Law, LLC, a law firm specializing in
real estate conveyances. Prior to founding Liss Law, he worked as a judicial law clerk for the Honorable Stephen S. Mitchell, a bankruptcy
court judge for the Eastern District of Virginia. 

Mr. Liss is well qualified to serve as a director
of the company due to his knowledge and working experience with legal governance matters. 

Steven Geary, Director 

Steven Geary has served as a Director of the Company
since June 2006. Since 2009, he has served in several management positions at Statera and is currently the Vice President of Strategy
and Business Development. From 2008 to 2009, he was the Chief Executive Officer of ImproveSmart, Inc. From April 2006 to June 2008, he
served as our President and Chief Operating Officer, and as our Chief Executive Officer from June 2008 to December 2009. 

Mr. Geary has significant business development and
brand marketing expertise in consumer products and services. 

Arnold Scott, Director 

Arnold Scott has served as a Director of the
Company since December 2022. In addition, Mr. Scott currently serves as a founding member of the Boston Chapter of the Private Directors
Association, a position he has held since 2020. Previously, he served as a director of ChipBrain, a position he held from 2021 -
2022, a director and Vice Chairman of First Commons Bank from 2008-2017, as a director of Perillon Software from 2015-2019 and as a manager
on the board of managers of Netcapital Systems LLC from 2017 - 2020, an affiliate and shareholder of Netcapital Inc. In addition,
he previously has served as a member of the board of trustees of Alderson Broaddus University from 2013 to 2020. He has also served on
several advisory boards including Vestmark, Successimo, ai Resources, and The Capital Network. 

Coreen Kraysler, CFA, Chief Financial Officer 

Coreen Kraysler has served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
since September 2017. 

Ms. Kraysler is a CFA Charterholder with over 30 years
of investment experience. Formerly a Senior Vice President and Principal at Independence Investments, she managed several 5-star rated
mutual funds as well as institutional accounts and served on the Investment Committee. She also worked at Eaton Vance as a Vice President,
Equity Analyst on the Large and Midcap Value teams. A specialist in financial services, household and consumer products, she guest lectures
at local colleges and universities. She received a B.A. in Economics and French, cum laude, from Wellesley College and a Master of Science
in Management from MIT Sloan. 

Jason Frishman, Founder of Netcapital Funding Portal
Inc. 

Jason Frishman is the Founder and former Chief
Executive Officer of our funding portal subsidiary, Netcapital Funding Portal Inc. Mr. Frishman founded Netcapital Funding Portal Inc.
to help reduce the systemic inefficiencies early-stage companies face in securing capital. He currently holds advisory positions at leading
organizations in the financial technology ecosystem and has spoken as an external expert at Morgan Stanley, University of Michigan,
YPO, and others. Mr. Frishman has a background in the life sciences and previously conducted research in medical oncology at the Dana
Farber Cancer Institute and cognitive neuroscience at the University of Miami, where he graduated summa cum laude with a B.S. in Neuroscience. 

39 

Term of Office 

All our directors will hold office until their successors
have been elected and qualified or appointed or the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. Executive officers are appointed and
serve at the discretion of the Board. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among our directors
or officers. 

Board Composition 

Our bylaws provide that the size of our Board will
be determined from time to time by resolution of our Board. Currently, the Board comprises five members, three of whom qualify as independent 
directors under any applicable standard. 

Election of Directors 

Our bylaws provide that members of our board or directors
will be elected by a majority vote of our stockholders. 

Director Independence 

 Our common stock is currently quoted on the
Nasdaq Capital Market. Nasdaq Rule 5065(b) requires that [a] majority of the board of directors must be comprised of Independent
Directors as defined in Rule 5605(a)(2). Pursuant to these requirements, Avi Liss, Arnold Scott, and Steven Geary are independent
members of our Board. 

 Arrangements between Officers and Directors 

Except as set forth herein, to our knowledge,
there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers or directors and any other person pursuant to which the officer or
director was selected to serve as an officer or director. 

 Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We are not aware of any of our directors or
officers being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings
(other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

 Board Meetings and Committees; Management Matters 

 Board Committees 

The Company s Board has three standing Nasdaq
compliance committees: Audit, Compensation, and Nominating and Corporate Governance. Our audit committee consists of Avi Liss, Arnold
Scott, and Steven Geary. Each of the committees operates pursuant to its charter. The committee charters are reviewed annually by the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. If appropriate, and in consultation with the chairs of the other committees, the Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee may propose revisions to the charters. The responsibilities of each committee are described in more
detail below. 

Our Board committees took actions by written consent on three occasions
during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. No fees are paid to directors for attendance at meetings or for agreeing to a unanimous consent
or the Board. 

40 

Compensation Committee 

Our Compensation Committee consists of Avi Liss, Arnold
Scott, and Steven Geary. 

The Compensation Committee oversees our compensation
policies, plans and programs, and to review and determine the compensation to be paid to our executive officers and directors. In addition,
the Compensation Committee has the authority to act on behalf of the Board in fulfilling the Board s responsibilities with respect
to compensation-based and related disclosures in filings as required by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This committee took action
by written consent on two occasions during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our Nominating and Governance Committee consists of
Avi Liss, Arnold Scott, and Steven Geary. 

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
(i) oversees our corporate governance functions on behalf of the Board; (ii) makes recommendations to the Board regarding corporate governance
issues; (iii) identifies and evaluates candidates to serve as our directors consistent with the criteria approved by the Board and reviews
and evaluates the performance of the Board; (iv) serves as a focal point for communication between director candidates, non-committee
directors and management; (v) selects or recommends to the Board for selection candidates to the Board, or, to the extent required below,
to serve as nominees for director for the annual meeting of shareholders; and (vi) makes other recommendations to the Board regarding
affairs relating to our directors. This committee took actions by written consent on fifteen occasions during the fiscal year ended April
30, 2023. No fees are paid to directors for attendance at meetings or for agreeing to a unanimous consent. 

Audit Committee 

Our Audit Committee members consist of Arnold Scott,
Avi Liss and Steven Geary. Each of the members of our Audit Committee is an independent director under the Nasdaq listing rules, satisfies
the additional independence criteria for Audit Committee members and satisfies the requirements for financial literacy under the Nasdaq
listing rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act, as applicable. 

Our board has also determined that Mr. Geary qualifies
as an Audit Committee financial expert within the meaning of the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and satisfies the financial
sophistication requirements of the Nasdaq listing rules. 

Our Audit Committee oversees our corporate accounting
and financial reporting process and assists our Board in monitoring our financial systems and our legal and regulatory compliance. Our
Audit Committee also: 

oversees the
 work of our independent auditors; 

approves the
 hiring, discharging and compensation of our independent auditors; 

approves engagements
 of the independent auditors to render any audit or permissible non-audit services; 

reviews the
 qualifications, independence and performance of the independent auditors; 

reviews our
 financial statements and our critical accounting policies and estimates; 

reviews the
 adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls; 

reviews our
 policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management; 

reviews and
 monitors our policies and procedures relating to related person transactions; and 

reviews and
 discusses with management and the independent auditors the results of our annual audit, our quarterly financial statements and our
 publicly filed reports. 

41 

Our Audit Committee operates under a written charter
approved by our Board and that satisfies the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC and the listing requirements of Nasdaq. The charter
is available on the corporate governance section of our website, which is located at www.netcapitalinc.com 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
applicable to our directors, officers and employees, in accordance with Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the rules of the SEC promulgated
thereunder, and the Nasdaq listing rules. We have filed a copy of our form of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct as an exhibit to
the registration statement on Form S-1/A filed on April 8, 2022. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings
at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct will be provided without charge
upon request from us. If we make any amendments to our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct other than technical, administrative or other
non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing
similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver in
a Current Report on Form 8-K. We also intend to post any amendments to our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, or any waivers of its
requirements, on our website, www.netcapitalinc.com. 

Limitation of liability and indemnification matters 

Our articles of incorporation contain provisions that
limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by Utah law. Consequently, our directors will
not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, unless the director
engaged in gross negligence, willful misconduct or intentional infliction of harm on the corporation or its shareholders, or an intentional
violation of criminal law. 

We have entered and expect to continue to enter into
agreements to indemnify our directors, executive officers and other employees as determined by our Board. With specified exceptions, these
agreements provide for indemnification for related expenses including, among other things, attorneys fees, judgments, fines and
settlement amounts incurred by any of these individuals in any action or proceeding. We believe that these provisions in our articles
of incorporation and the indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions
included in our articles of incorporation may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach
of their fiduciary duty. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though
an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. Further, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to
the extent that we pay the costs of settlement and damage. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934, requires
our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities 10 
Shareholders ), to file with the Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock
and other equity securities. Officers, directors and 10 Shareholders are required by Commission regulation to furnish us with copies
of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Form
3, 4, and 5 filed with the SEC during the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, we believe that, except as set forth below, our directors,
executive officers, and greater than 10 Shareholders have complied with all applicable filing requirements for the fiscal year ended
April 30, 2023. 

Avi Liss failed to timely report one transaction on a Form 4, which report has now been filed. 

Steven Geary failed to timely report two transactions on a Form 4, which reports have now been filed. 

Arnold Scott failed to timely report one transaction on a Form 4, which report has now been filed. 

Cecilia Lenk failed to timely report one transaction on a Form 4, which report has now been filed. 

42 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years
indicated, all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to Martin Kay, our CEO (since January 3, 2023), Cecilia Lenk, our former chief
executive officer (until January 3, 2023), Coreen Kraysler, our CFO, Carole Murko, our former Chief Marketing Officer and Jason Frishman,
Founder and former Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary Netcapital Funding Portal, Inc., or, collectively, the Named
Executive Officers, or NEOs. We have no other executive officers. 

Summary Executive Compensation Table 

Non-equity 
 
 Change in pension value and nonqualified 

Name 

incentive 
 
 deferred 

and 

Stock 
 
 Option 
 
 plan 
 
 compensation 
 
 All other 

principal 

Salary 
 
 Bonus 
 
 awards 
 
 awards 
 
 compensation 
 
 earnings 
 
 compensation 
 
 Total 
 
 position 
 
 Fiscal Year 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 )(1) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 
 
 ) 

Martin Kay, CEO Since January 3, 2023 

2023 

94,615 

0 

81,309 

175,924 

Cecilia Lenk CEO until January 3, 2023 and CEO of Netcapital Advisors since January 3, 2023 

2023 

142,500 

4,833 

147,333 

2022 

96,000 

40,608 

5,825 

142,433 

Coreen 

2023 

164,135 

25,000 

0 

25,927 

0 

0 

0 

215,062 

Kraysler, CFO 

2022 

96,000 

0 

40,608 

11,649 

0 

0 

0 

148,257 

Carole Murko, former CMO until January 7, 2022 )(2) 

2022 

73,688 

109,547 

183,235 

Jason Frishman, Founder, (and former CEO of Netcapital Funding Portal, until February 9, 2023) 

2023 

166,173 

25,000 

25,927 

217,100 

2022 

96,000 

0 

0 

11,649 

0 

107,649 

43 

(1) 
 Represents the dollar amount of
 vested equity awards during the fiscal year. 

(2) 
 Ms. Murko received
 severance of 7,384.50 and her 8,885 unvested shares vested upon termination, both pursuant to a separation agreement. 

Outstanding Equity Awards At End Of 2023 

The following table provides information about outstanding
stock options issued by the Company held by each of our NEOs as of April 30, 2023. None of our NEOs held any other equity awards from
the Company as of April 30, 2023. 

Option Awards 
 
 Stock Awards 
 
 Name 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Number of Shares of Stock That Has Not Yet Vested 
 
 Market Value of Stock that has not Yet Vested 
 
 Martin Kay 

83,332 

916,668 

1.43 

1/3/2033 

0 

0 

Cecilia Lenk 

417 

19,583 

1.40 

4/25/2033 

0 

0 

3,120 

6,880 

10.50 

2/9/2032 

0 

0 

Coreen Kraysler 

16,668 

183,332 

1.43 

1/3/2033 

0 

0 

6,255 

13,745 

10.50 

2/9/2032 

0 

0 

Jason Frishman 

16,668 

183,332 

1.43 

1/3/2033 

0 

0 

6,255 

13,745 

10.50 

2/9/2032 

0 

0 

44 

Director Compensation 

We have not paid any cash compensation to our directors
in their capacity as such. 

On February 9, 2022, we issued to each of our then
three independent board members, options to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which will be exercisable
at a per share exercise price of 10.50, that was out-of-the-money at time of issuance and expires ten years after the date of grant.

On April 25, 2023, we granted to each of our three
current independent board members, options to purchase 20,000 shares of common stock under the 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan which
will be exercisable at a per share exercise price of 1.40, that was out-of-the-money at time of issuance and expires ten years after
the date of grant. 

We issued Avi Liss 10,000 shares of our common stock
valued at 7.50 per share on November 18, 2021 in consideration of his services as a director of the Company. 

Officer Compensation 

We pay each of our Named Executives Officers a combination
of a cash salary and equity awards for their services. 

Employment Agreements 

We currently have employment agreements with Martin
Kay and Coreen Kraysler. Prior to the resignations of Cecilia Lenk on January 3, 2023 and Jason Frishman on February 9, 2023, we and our
Netcapital Funding Portal subsidiary had employment agreements with each of them, respectively. Cecilia Lenk is currently the Chief Executive
Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary and Jason Frishman holds the position of Founder of Netcapital Inc. The former employment agreements
of Cecilia Lenk and Jason Frishman are described below. Prior to the termination of Carole Murko on January 7, 2022, we had an employment
agreement with her as described below: 

Employment Agreement with Martin Kay 

We entered into an employment agreement with Martin
Kay on January 3, 2023, pursuant to which we employ Mr. Kay as our Chief Executive Officer. Under the Employment Agreement, Mr. Kay is
eligible to (a) receive an annual base salary of 300,000; (b) receive an option grant to purchase 100,000 fully vested shares of the
Company pursuant to the 2023 Plan and an option grant to purchase 1,000,000 shares of the Company, which vest monthly over four (4) years
pursuant to an option award agreement, described below, and in each case subject to the 2023 Plan; (c) receive periodic bonuses or additional
salary in the discretion of the Board or compensation committee; (d) receive .005 times the gross revenue paid in cash annually so long
as the Company reports positive earnings after the bonus is paid; (d) participate in the Company s fringe benefits, health and welfare
plans, and pension and/ or profit sharing plans provided to executives; (e) receive reimbursement for all reasonable business expenses;
and f) receive sick leave, sick pay, and disability benefits in accordance with Company policy. Mr. Kay s employment agreement,
which has a three-year term, may be terminated upon the occurrence of the death of Mr. Kay, at any time by Mr. Kay, by the Company due
to disability, by the Company for cause , and by Mr. Kay for good reason . Mr. Kay s employment agreement
also contains provisions regarding, among other things, a six (6)-month non-competition provision, confidential information, governing
law, and covenants governing Mr. Kay s conduct. 

Employment Agreement with Cecilia Lenk 

We entered into an employment agreement with Cecilia
Lenk on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employed Ms. Lenk as CEO of our wholly owned subsidiary. The term of her agreement ends on
June 23, 2025. The agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of 96,000, which was increased to 150,000
upon completion of a public offering in July 2022. Ms. Lenk was eligible for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to
her base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee. 

The agreement also contained the following material
provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share plans; eligible to participate
in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable
and necessary business expenses. Ms. Lenk agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under her agreement. 

45 

Employment Agreement with Coreen Kraysler 

We entered into an employment agreement with Coreen
Kraysler on June 23, 2022 pursuant to which we employ Ms. Kraysler as our Chief Financial Officer. The term of her agreement ends on June
23, 2025. The agreement provides for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of 96,000, which was increased to 150,000
upon completion of a public offering in July 2022, and increased to 225,000 in January 2023. Ms. Kraysler is eligible for periodic bonuses
or for additional salary in addition to her base salary, as may be determined by our board of directors or the compensation committee. 

The agreement also contains the following material
provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share plans; eligible to participate
in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable
and necessary business expenses. Ms. Kraysler agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under her agreement. 

Employment Agreement with Jason Frishman 

We entered into an employment agreement with Jason
Frishman on June 23 2022 pursuant to which we employed Mr. Frishman, our Founder, as Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital Funding Portal,
Inc. The term of his agreement ends on June 23, 2025. The Agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement
of 96,000, which was increased to 150,000 upon completion of a public offering in July 2022, and increased to 225,000 in January 2023.
Mr. Frishman is eligible for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to his base salary, as may be determined by our board
of directors or the compensation committee. 

The agreement also contained the following material
provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share plans; eligible to participate
in any medical and health plans; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits; entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable
and necessary business expenses. Mr. Frishman agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under his agreement. 

Employment Agreement with Carole Murko 

We entered into an employment agreement with Carole
Murko on March 10, 2020 pursuant to which we employed Ms. Murko as our Director of Business Development. The agreement was for an initial
term of four years. The agreement provided for an annual base salary during the term of the agreement of 1.00 plus a commission of 20 
of the cash collected from revenues generated directly by Ms. Murko plus an unvested grant of stock-based compensation of 12,500 shares
(after giving effect to the November 2020 1-for-2000 reverse stock split) of restricted stock. The stock vested over a 48 month period
in equal installments of 260 shares per month. Ms. Murko was eligible for periodic bonuses or for additional salary in addition to her
base salary. 

The agreement also contained the following material
provisions: eligible to participate in all employee fringe benefits and any pension and/or profit share plans; eligible to participate
in any medical and health plans; entitled to up to eight weeks of paid time off; entitled to sick leave, sick pay and disability benefits;
entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary business expenses. If Ms. Murko was to be terminated for any reason other than
 cause prior to the end of her term, then the Company will have no claim on the unvested portion of her 12,500 shares. If
Ms. Murko resigned without good reason or retired before the end of her term, the unvested shares would have been returned
to the Company. Ms. Murko agreed to non-compete and non-solicit terms under her agreement. 

Potential Payments Upon Termination Or Change In
Control 

In the event that Ms. Kraysler s employment
is terminated by us for any reason other than cause or by Ms. Kraysler for good reason, then we will have
no claims to the 20,000 and 200,000 shares of common stock underlying the stock option grant (and all unvested options under such grant
shall immediately and fully vest) issued to Ms. Kraysler in February 2022 and January 2023, respectively. 

The following table sets forth quantitative information
with respect to potential payments to be made to Ms. Kraysler upon termination in various circumstances. The potential payments are based
on the terms of each of the employment agreements discussed above. For a more detailed description of Ms. Kraysler s employment
agreement, see the Employment Agreements section above. 

46 

Name 
 
 Potential Payment 
 Upon Termination 

Option Awards (#) 
 
 Coreen Kraysler 

197,077 
 (1) 

(1) 
 Represents the number of unvested options at April 30, 2023. Ms. Kraysler s options vest equally over a 48-month period. At April 30, 2023, there were 33 months remaining in her vesting schedule for the options granted in February 2022 and 44 months remaining in her vesting schedule for the options granted in January 2023. The potential payment of shares subject to Ms. Kraysler s unvested options will reduce every month as her options vest and the value of her unvested options will be based on our market price at such time. 

Pay Versus Performance 

As required by Section 953(a)
of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, we are providing the following
information about the relationship between executive compensation and certain financial performance metrics. The disclosure included in
this section is prescribed by SEC rules and does not necessarily align with how we or the compensation committee view the link between
financial performance and the compensation actually received or realized by our named executive officers. All information provided above
under the Pay Versus Performance heading will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any
general incorporation language in any such filing, except to the extent the Company specifically incorporates such information by reference. 

The table below presents
information on the compensation of CEO and other named executive officers in comparison to certain performance metrics for 2023 and 2022.
Martin Kay has been our CEO since January 3, 2023 and Cecilia Lenk was CEO for all of 2022 and through January 3, 2023. These metrics
are not those that the compensation committee uses when setting executive compensation. The use of the term Compensation Actually
Paid (CAP) is required by the rules and regulations of the SEC, and under such rules, CAP was calculated by adjusting the Summary
Compensation Table, or SCT. Total values for the applicable year as described in the footnotes to the table. 

Year 
 
 Summary Compensation Table Total for First PEO (Cecilia Lenk) (1) 
 
 Summary Compensation Table Total for Second PEO (Martin Kay) (1) 
 
 Compensation Actually Paid to First PEO (1) 
 
 Compensation Actually Paid to Second PEO (1) 
 
 Average Summary Compensation Table Total for Non-PEO Name Executive Officers (1)(2) 
 
 Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO Name Executive Officers (3) 
 
 Value of Initial Fixed 100 Investment Based on Total Shareholder Return 
 
 Net Income 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 

2023 

93,461 

175,924 

43,059 

1,045,940 

193,165 

256,879 

10 

2,954,972 

2022 

142,433 

154,095 

146,380 

166,022 

68 

3,503,530 

47 

(1) 
 The Principal Executive Officer PEO information reflected in columns (a) and (b) relates to our CEO, Cecilia Lenk (until January 3, 2023), or First PEO, and Martin Kay (from January 3. 2023 until April 30, 2023), or Second PEO. The non-Principal Executive Officer non-PEO NEOs information reflected in columns (c) and (d) above relates to our CFO Coreen Kraysler and founder of our Netcapital Funding Portal Subsidiary, Jason Frishman. 

(2) 
 The amounts shown in this column are the average total compensation reported for the non-PEO NEOs, as applicable, for each corresponding year in the Total column of the Summary Compensation. Please refer to Executive Compensation Compensation Tables Summary Compensation Table. 

(3) 
 The amounts shown have been calculated in accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K and do not reflect compensation actually realized or received by the Company s PEO and non-PEO NEOs. In accordance with the requirements of Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K, adjustments were made to Ms. Lenk s and Mr. Kay s total compensation, as applicable, or the average total compensation of the non-PEO NEOs, as applicable, as described in the tables below. 

First PEO (Cecilia Lenk) SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation 

Year 
 
 Summary Compensation Total 
 
 Less Stock Awards 
 
 Less Option Awards 
 
 Fair Value Adjustments to SCT Total 
 
 CAP 

2023 

93,461 

(4,833) 

(45,569) 

43,059 

2022 

142,433 

(40,608) 

(5,825) 

58,095 

154,095 

Second PEO (Martin Kay) SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation 

Year 
 
 Summary Compensation Total 
 
 Less Stock Awards 
 
 Less Option Awards 
 
 Fair Value Adjustments to SCT Total 
 
 CAP 

2023 

175,924 

(81,309) 

951,325 

1,405,940 

2022 

Average Non-PEO NEOs SCT Total to CAP Reconciliation 

Year 
 
 Summary Compensation Total 
 
 Less Stock Awards 
 
 Less Option Awards 
 
 Fair Value Adjustments to SCT Total 
 
 CAP 

2023 

193,165 

(17,285) 

80,999 

256,879 

2022 

146,380 

(50,052) 

(7,766) 

77,459 

166,022 

48 

First PEO (Cecilia Lenk) Equity Component of
CAP 

Year 
 
 Fair
Value of Current Year Equity Awards at December 31, 
 
 Change
in Fair Value of Prior Years Awards Unvested at December 31, 
 
 Change
in Fair Value of Prior Years Awards Vested through the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Change
in Fair Value of Prior Years Awards Failed to Vest through the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Equity
Value Included in CAP 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 (e)
= (a)+(b)+(c)+(d) 

2023 

(33,417) 

(12,152) 

(45,569) 

2022 

54,464 

3,631 

58,095 

Second PEO (Martin Kay) Equity Component of
CAP 

Year 
 Fair
 Value of Current
 Year Equity
 Awards at December
 31, 
 Change
 in Fair
 Value of Prior
 Years Awards Unvested
 at December
 31, 
 Change
 in Fair Value
 of Prior Years 
 Awards Vested
 through the Year
 Ended December
 31, 
 Change
 in Fair Value
 of Prior Years 
 Awards Failed
 to Vest through
 the Year Ended 
 December 31, 
 Equity
 Value Included
 in CAP 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 (d) 
 (e)
 = (a)+(b)+(c)+(d) 
 
 2023 
 872,048 
 
 79,277 
 
 951,325 
 
 2022 

Average Non-PEO NEOs Equity Component of CAP 

Year 
 
 Fair
Value of Current Year Equity Awards at December 31, 
 
 Change
in Fair Value of Prior Years Awards Unvested at December 31, 
 
 Change
in Fair Value of Prior Years Awards Vested through the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Change
in Fair Value of Prior Years Awards Failed to Vest through the Year Ended December 31, 
 
 Equity
Value Included in CAP 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 
 (c) 
 
 (d) 
 
 (e)
= (a)+(b)+(c)+(d) 

2023 

130,998 

(44,556) 

10,759 

(16,202) 

80,999 

2022 

72,618 

4,841 

77,459 

49 

Compensation Plans 

2021 Equity Incentive Plan and 2023 Omnibus
Equity Incentive Plan 

The following table shows information regarding our
equity compensation plans as of April 30, 2023. 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

1,950,000 

1.42 

50,000 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (2) 

252,000 

10.50 

48,000 

Total 

2,202,000 

2.46 

98,000 

(1) 2023 Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan . On January 3, 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company approved and adopted the Netcapital Inc., 2023 Omnibus Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan ), subject to the approval of the 2023 Plan by the Company s stockholders. The total
number of Shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2023 Plan is (i) 2,000,000 Shares of Common Stock plus (ii) an annual
increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year
term of the 2023 Plan, equal to the lesser of (A) five percent (5 of the Shares of Common Stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis,
which shall include Shares issuable upon the exercise or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable
for Shares of Common Stock, including without limitation, preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any Shares of Common
Stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar year and (B) such lesser number of Shares of Common Stock as determined
by the Board; provided, that, Shares of Common Stock issued under the 2023 Plan with respect to an Exempt Award shall not count against
such share limit. No more than 2,000,000 Shares, and as increased on an annual basis, on the first day of each calendar year beginning
with May 1, 2024 and ending with the last May 1 during the initial ten-year term of the Plan, by the lesser of (A) five percent (5 of the shares of Common Stock outstanding (on an as-converted basis, which shall include Shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise
or conversion of all outstanding securities or rights convertible into or exercisable for shares of Common Stock, including without limitation,
preferred stock, warrants and employee options to purchase any shares of Common Stock) on the final day of the immediately preceding calendar
year; (B) 300,000 shares of Common Stock, and (C) such lesser number of shares of Common Stock as determined by the Board, shall
be issued pursuant to the exercise of ISOs. As of April 30, 2023, we had awarded an aggregate of 1,950,000 options to purchase shares
of common stock to directors and there remain 50,000 shares for grant under the 2023 Plan. 

Administration. The
2023 Plan will be administered by the Board or a committee to which the Board delegates such responsibility (the Administrator ).
The 2023 Plan will be administered by the Administrator in accordance with Rule 16b-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
The Administrator may interpret the 2023 Plan and may prescribe, amend and rescind rules and make all other determinations necessary or
desirable for the administration of the 2023 Plan. The 2023 Plan permits the Administrator to select the eligible recipients who will
receive awards Awards ), to determine the terms and conditions of those awards, including but not limited to the exercise
price or other purchase price of an award, the number of shares of common stock or cash or other property subject to an award, the term
of an award and the vesting schedule applicable to an award, to determine the terms and conditions of written instruments evidencing such
awards (an Award Agreement and to amend the terms and conditions of outstanding awards. 

50 

Eligibility. Employees,
directors and independent contractors of the Company or any of its affiliates of the Company will be eligible to receive Awards under
the 2023 Plan, subject to certain limitations to avoid accelerated taxation and/or tax penalties under Section 409A of the Code. The participants
in the 2023 Plan shall be selected from time to time by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, from those individuals that qualify
as eligible recipients. 

Consideration for Awards.
 The purchase price for any Award granted under the 2023 Plan or the Common Stock to be delivered pursuant to any such Award, as applicable,
may be paid by means of any lawful consideration as determined by the Administrator, including, without limitation, one or a combination
of the following methods: 

services rendered by the recipient of such Award; 

cash, check payable to the order of the Company, or electronic funds transfer; 

notice and third party payment in such manner as may be authorized by the Administrator; 

the delivery of previously owned and fully vested Shares of Common Stock; 

by a reduction in the number of Shares otherwise deliverable pursuant to the Award; or 

subject to such procedures as the Administrator may adopt, pursuant to a cashless exercise with a third party who provides financing for the purposes of (or who otherwise facilitates) the purchase or exercise of Awards. 

Awards. The 2023 Plan
permits the grant of: (a) stock options, which may be intended as incentive stock options ISOs or as nonqualified stock
options (options not meeting the requirements to qualify as ISOs); (b) stock appreciation rights SARs (c) restricted
stock; (d) restricted stock units; (e) cash incentive awards; or (f) other awards, including: (i) stock bonuses, performance stock, performance
units, dividend equivalents, or similar rights to purchase or acquire Shares, whether at a fixed or variable price or ratio related to
the Common Stock, upon the passage of time, the occurrence of one or more events, or the satisfaction of performance criteria or other
conditions, or any combination thereof; or (ii) any similar securities with a value derived from the value of or related to the Common
Stock and/or returns thereon. 

Adjustments. To the
extent necessary to preserve the economic intent of an Award or of the 2023 Plan, following a Change in Capitalization ,
such other equitable substitutions or adjustments shall be made as may be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. A Change
in Capitalization means any of the following: (i) merger, consolidation, reclassification, recapitalization, spin-off, spin-out,
repurchase or other reorganization or corporate transaction or event, (ii) special or extraordinary dividend or other extraordinary distribution
(whether in the form of cash, Common Stock or other property), stock split, reverse stock split, share subdivision or consolidation, (iii)
combination or exchange of shares or (iv) other change in corporate structure, which, in any such case, the Administrator determines,
in its sole discretion, affects the Shares such that an adjustment would be appropriate. 

Options. Options granted
under the 2023 Plan shall be designated as nonqualified stock options or ISOs. Each participant Participant who is granted
an option Option shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company, containing such terms and conditions as the Administrator
shall determine, in its sole discretion, including, among other things, the Exercise Price (as defined in the 2023 Plan) of the Option,
the term of the Option and provisions regarding exercisability of the Option, and whether the Option is intended to be an ISO or a nonqualified
stock option (and in the event the Award Agreement has no such designation, the Option shall be a nonqualified stock option). The provisions
of each Option need not be the same with respect to each Participant. More than one Option may be granted to the same Participant and
be outstanding concurrently hereunder. The Exercise Price of Shares purchasable under an Option shall be determined by the Administrator
in its sole discretion at the time of grant, but in no event shall the exercise price of an Option be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share of Common Stock on the date of grant. The maximum term of each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator,
but no Option shall be exercisable more than ten (10) years after the date such Option is granted. The Administrator shall have the authority
to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances as the Administrator, in its sole
discretion, deems appropriate. 

Each Option shall be exercisable
at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions, including the attainment of performance goals, as shall be determined
by the Administrator in the applicable Award Agreement. 

51 

The Administrator may also
provide that any Option shall be exercisable only in installments, and the Administrator may waive such installment exercise provisions
at any time, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Administrator may determine in its sole discretion. The Administrator shall
have the authority to accelerate the exercisability of any outstanding Option at such time and under such circumstances as the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. 

Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the 2023 Plan, if an ISO is granted to a participant who owns Shares representing more than ten percent (10 of the
voting power of all classes of Shares of the Company at the time of grant, its parent corporation (as such term is defined
in Section 424(e) of the Code) or a subsidiary of the Company, the term of the ISO shall not exceed five (5) years from the time of grant
of such ISO and the Exercise Price shall be at least one hundred and ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Shares on the
date of grant. A Participant shall have no rights to dividends, dividend equivalents or distributions or any other rights of a stockholder
with respect to the Shares subject to an Option until the Participant has given written notice of the exercise thereof, and has paid in
full for such Shares and has satisfied the requirements of the 2023 Plan. 

Treatment of an Option upon
termination of employment of a Participant shall be provided for by the Administrator in the Award Agreement. An Option shall be affected,
both with regard to vesting schedule and termination, by leaves of absence, including unpaid and un-protected leaves of absence, changes
from full-time to part-time employment, partial disability or other changes in the employment status or service status of a Participant,
in the discretion of the Administrator. 

Stock Appreciation Rights.
 The Administrator will be authorized to award SARs under the 2023 Plan. SARs will be subject to the terms and conditions established
by the Administrator and reflected in the Award Agreement. A SAR is a contractual right that allows a participant to receive, in the form
of either cash, Shares or any combination of cash and Shares, the appreciation, if any, in the value of a Share over a certain period
of time. An option granted under the 2023 Plan may include SARs, and SARs may also be awarded to a participant independent of the grant
of an option. SARs granted in connection with an option shall be subject to terms similar to the option corresponding to such SARs. 

Restricted Stock and Restricted
Stock Units (RSUs). The Administrator will be authorized to award restricted stock or RSUs under the 2023 Plan. Awards of restricted
stock and RSUs will be subject to the terms and conditions established by the Administrator at its sole discretion. 

Other Stock-Based Awards.
 Other Stock-Based Awards may be issued under the 2023 Plan. Subject to the provisions of the 2023 Plan, the Administrator shall have
sole and complete authority to determine the individuals to whom and the time or times at which such Other Stock-Based Awards shall be
granted. An example of an Other Stock-Based Award is a performance bonus payable as Company Common Stock. 

Change in Control. In
the event that a change in control occurs, as defined in the 2023 Plan to include, among other things, the acquisition by a person of
more than 50 of the voting power of the Company, the Administrator may, at its sole discretion, modify any unvested and un-exercisable
portion of any Award to make it fully vested and exercisable. 

Amendment and Termination. 
 The Board may amend, alter or terminate the 2023 Plan at any time, but no amendment, alteration or termination shall be made that
would impair the rights of a participant under any Award theretofore granted without such participant s consent. The Board shall
obtain approval of the Company s stockholders for any amendment that would require such approval in order to satisfy the requirements
of any rules of the stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded or other applicable law. 

The foregoing description
of the 2023 Plan does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the 2023 Plan, a copy
of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 

(2) 2021 Equity Incentive Plan . In November
2021, our Board adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2021 Plan. An aggregate of 300,000 shares of our common stock is reserved
for issuance and available for awards under the Plan, including incentive stock options granted under the 2021 Plan. The 2021 Plan administrator
may grant awards to any employee, director, consultant or other person providing services to us or our affiliates. As of April 30, 2023,
we had awarded an aggregate of 252,000 options to purchase shares of common stock to directors and there remain 48,000 shares for grant
under the 2021 Plan. 

52 

The 2021 Plan is administered by our Board. The 2021
Plan administrator has the authority to determine, within the limits of the express provisions of the 2021 Plan, the individuals to whom
awards will be granted, the nature, amount and terms of such awards and the objectives and conditions for earning such awards. Our Board
may at any time amend or terminate the 2021 Plan, provided that no such action may be taken that adversely affects any rights or obligations
with respect to any awards previously made under the 2021 Plan without the consent of the recipient. No awards may be made under the 2021
Plan after the tenth anniversary of its effective date. 

Awards under the 2021 Plan may include incentive stock
options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted shares of common stock, restricted stock
units, performance share awards, stock bonuses and other stock-based awards and cash-based incentive awards. 

Stock Options . The 2021 Plan administrator
may grant to a participant options to purchase our common stock that qualify as incentive stock options for purposes of Section 422 of
the Internal Revenue Code incentive stock options ), options that do not qualify as incentive stock options non-qualified
stock options or a combination thereof. The terms and conditions of stock option grants, including the quantity, price, vesting
periods, and other conditions on exercise will be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator. The exercise price for stock options will
be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator in its discretion, but non-qualified stock options and incentive stock options may not be
less than 100 of the fair market value of one share of our company s common stock on the date when the stock option is granted.
Additionally, in the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes
of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise price may not be less than 110 of the fair market value of one share of common stock
on the date the stock option is granted. Stock options must be exercised within a period fixed by the 2021 Plan administrator that may
not exceed ten years from the date of grant, except that in the case of incentive stock options granted to a holder of more than 10 of
the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock on the date of grant, the exercise period may not exceed five years. At the
2021 Plan administrator s discretion, payment for shares of common stock on the exercise of stock options may be made in cash, shares
of our common stock held by the participant or in any other form of consideration acceptable to the 2021 Plan administrator (including
one or more forms of cashless or net exercise). 

Stock Appreciation Rights . The 2021 Plan administrator
may grant to a participant an award of SARs, which entitles the participant to receive, upon its exercise, a payment equal to (i) the
excess of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the exercise date over the SAR exercise price, times (ii) the number of
shares of common stock with respect to which the SAR is exercised. The exercise price for a SAR will be determined by the 2021 Plan administrator
in its discretion; provided, however, that in no event shall the exercise price be less than the fair market value of our common stock
on the date of grant. 

Restricted Shares and Restricted Units .
The 2021 Plan administrator may award to a participant shares of common stock subject to specified restrictions restricted shares ).
Restricted shares are subject to forfeiture if the participant does not meet certain conditions such as continued employment over a specified
forfeiture period and/or the attainment of specified performance targets over the forfeiture period. The 2021 Plan administrator also
may award to a participant units representing the right to receive shares of common stock in the future subject to the achievement of
one or more goals relating to the completion of service by the participant and/or the achievement of performance or other objectives restricted
units ). The terms and conditions of restricted share and restricted unit awards are determined by the 2021 Plan administrator. 

Stock Bonuses . Stock bonuses may be granted
as additional compensation for service or performance and may be settled in the form of common stock, cash or a combination thereof, and
may be subject to restrictions, which may vest subject to continued service and/or the achievement of performance conditions. 

Performance Awards . The 2021 Plan administrator
may grant performance awards to participants under such terms and conditions as the 2021 Plan administrator deems appropriate. A performance
award entitles a participant to receive a payment from us, the amount of which is based upon the attainment of predetermined performance
targets over a specified award period. Performance awards may be paid in cash, shares of common stock or a combination thereof, as determined
by the 2021 Plan administrator. 

53 

Other Stock-Based Awards . The 2021 Plan administrator
may grant equity-based or equity-related awards, referred to as other stock-based awards, other than options, SARs, restricted
shares, restricted units, or performance awards. The terms and conditions of each other stock-based award will be determined by the 2021
Plan administrator. Payment under any other stock-based awards will be made in common stock or cash, as determined by the 2021 Plan administrator. 

Board
Diversity Matrix 

Our Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee is committed to promoting diversity on our Board of Directors. We have surveyed our current directors
and asked each director to self-identify their race, ethnicity, and gender using one or more of the below categories. The results of this
survey as of July 26, 2023 are included in the matrix below. 

Board
 Diversity Matrix (As of July 26, 2023) 
 
 Total Number of Directors: 5 

Part I: Gender Identity 
 
 Female 
 
 Male 
 
 Non-Binary 
 
 Did Not Disclose Gender 
 
 Directors 

1 

4 

Part II: Demographic Background 

African American or Black 

Alaskan Native or Native American 

Asian 

Hispanic or Latinx 

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 

White 

1 

3 

Two or More Races or Ethnicities 

LGBTQ+ 

Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 

1 

54 

ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS . 

The following table sets forth information with respect
to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of July 26, 2023 by: 

each person whom we know beneficially owns more than 5 of any class of equity security; 

each of our directors individually; 

each of our named executive officers individually; and 

all of our current directors and executive officers as a group. 

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance
with the rules of the SEC. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting
or investment power with respect to such securities. In addition, pursuant to such rules, we deemed outstanding shares of common stock
subject to options or warrants held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of July 26, 2023. We did
not deem such shares outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Except as indicated
by the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the beneficial owners named in the table below have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community
property laws. The inclusion in the table below of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership of those shares. 

Name and Address 
 
 Amount of Shares and Nature 

of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock 
 
 Percent of Common Stock 
 
 Netcapital Systems LLC (2) 

1,711,261 

18.2 

Bard Associates LLC (3) 

1,494,838 

15.5 

Martin Kay (4) 

187,500 

2.0 

Arnold Scott (5) 

88,640 

Coreen Kraysler (6) 

68,333 

Cecilia Lenk (7) 

32,318 

Steven Geary (8) 

14,883 

Avi Liss (8) 

15,583 

Officers and Directors as a group (6 persons) 

407,257 

4.2 

_________________ 

Based
 on 9,415,382 shares outstanding as of July 26, 2023. 
 
 Less than 1 
 
 (1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each member of our Board is c/o Netcapital Inc. 1 Lincoln Street, Boston Massachusetts 02111. 

(2) 
 The
 natural person with investment control over the securities held by Netcapital Systems LLC is Jason Frishman. Netcapital Systems LLC
 has agreed to vote its shares of common stock to support the resolutions of the Board of Netcapital Inc. on any matters that are
 brought to a shareholder vote. 

(3) 
 Based
 solely on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on May 26, 2023, Bard Associates Inc. is an investment manager and beneficially owns
 1,494,835 shares of our common stock (including 233,525 shares of common stock under presently exercisable warrants), including sole
 voting power over 73,000 shares, sole dispositive power over 73,000 shares, shared dispositive power over 1,421,835 shares; and Timothy
 Johnson has sole dispositive power over 101,000 shares. The address for Bard Associates Inc. and Timothy Johnson is 135 South LaSalle
 Street, Suite 3700, Chicago, IL 60603. 

4) 
 Includes 187,500 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after July 26, 2023. 

55 

(5) 
 Includes 2,500 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after July 26, 2023. 

(6) 
 Includes 45,833 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after July 26, 2023. 

(7) 
 Includes 6,667 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after July 26, 2023. 

(8) 
 Includes 4,583 shares of common stock subject to stock options that are presently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days after July 26, 2023. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Policies and Procedures for Transactions with Related
Parties 

Our Chief Executive Officer or our Chief Financial
Officer must review and approve certain transactions between us and Related Parties (as defined below). A Related-Party Transaction 
is defined as a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which
we (including any of our subsidiaries) were, are or will be a participant. 

For the purposes of our Related-Party Transactions,
a Related Party is defined as: any person who is, or at any time since the beginning of our last two fiscal years was, a
director or executive officer or a nominee to become a director; any person who is known to be the beneficial owner of more than ten percent
of our common stock; any immediate family member of any of the foregoing persons, including any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent,
spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law, and any person (other than
a tenant or employee) sharing the household of any of the foregoing persons; and any firm, corporation or other entity in which any of
the foregoing persons is a general partner or, for other ownership interests, a limited partner or other owner in which such person has
a beneficial ownership interest of 10 or more. 

Transactions with Related Parties 

The Company s largest shareholder, Netcapital
Systems LLC Systems ), owns 1,711,261 shares of common stock, or 26.6 of the Company s 6,440,527 outstanding shares
as of April 30, 2023 (and approximately 18.2 of the Company s outstanding stock as of July 26, 2023). As of April 30, 2022, the
Company accrued a payable to Systems of 294,054 for supplemental consideration owed in conjunction with its purchase of Netcapital Funding
Portal Inc., which was paid in full on July 14, 2022, with the issuance to Systems of 39,901 shares of the Company s common stock.
The Company provided professional services to Systems in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 and recorded revenue of 4,660 and 15,000,
respectively, for those services. 

In total, the Company owed Systems 0 and 294,054
as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The company paid Systems 430,000 and 357,429 in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, for use of the software that runs the website www.netcapital.com. 

The Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned
subsidiary, Netcapital Advisors Inc., is a member of the board of directors of KingsCrowd Inc. The Company sold 606,060 shares of KingsCrowd
in June 2022 for proceeds of 200,000 and recorded a realized loss on the sale of the investment of 406,060. As of April 30, 2023 and
2022, the Company owned 3,209,685 and 3,815,745 shares of KingsCrowd Inc., valued at 3,209,685 and 3,815,745, respectively. 

 The Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary,
Netcapital Advisors Inc. is a member of the board of directors of Deuce Drone LLC. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 2,350,000
membership interest units of Deuce Drone LLC., valued at 2,350,000. The Company has notes receivable aggregating 152,000 from Deuce
Drone LLC as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

56 

Compensation
expense to officers in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted of common stock valued at 0 and 190,763, respectively, cash
compensation of 598,077 and 265,688, respectively, and options to purchase common stock valued at 137,994 and 3,147, respectively. 

Compensation to a related party consultant in the
years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted of common stock valued at 0 and 25,908, respectively, and cash compensation of 60,039
and 60,000, respectively. This consultant is also the controlling shareholder of Zelgor Inc., and
the Company earned revenues from Zelgor Inc. of 66,000 and 5,500 in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company owns 1,400,000
shares of Zelgor Inc., valued at 1,400,000 and holds a note receivable of 50,000 as of April 30, 2023. 

Cash compensation to the President of Netcapital Systems
LLC amounted to 184,808 and 96,000, and stock-based compensation amounted to 25,927 and 0, in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

We owe Steven Geary, a director, 31,680
as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. This obligation is not interest bearing. 16,680 is recorded as a related party trade accounts payable
and 15,000 as a related party note payable. We have no signed agreements for the indebtedness to Mr. Geary. 

The Company made an investment of 240,080 in an affiliate,
6A Aviation Alaska Consortium, Inc., in conjunction with a land lease in an airport in Alaska. Our Chief Executive Officer is also the
Chief Executive Officer of 6A Aviation Alaska Consortium, Inc. As a result of the investment, the Company is a 19 owner of 6A Aviation
Consortium Inc. 

In November 2021, we issued a member of our Board
10,000 shares of common stock for his service as a member of our board and audit committee, valued at 100,000. 

On February 2, 2022, the Company granted members of
our board of directors an aggregate of 25,000 options to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 10.50 per share.
An option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock was granted to the Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital Advisors Inc., who is also
a director, and each of the three independent board members received an option to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock. The options vest
on a straight-line basis over 48 months and expire in 10 years. On April 25, 2023, the Company also granted the same four members of our
board of directors an aggregate of 80,000 options, or 20,000 for each board member, to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise
price of 1.40 per share. The options vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 4-year period and expire in 10 years. 

In January 2023 we granted stock options to purchase
an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of our common stock to four related parties as follows: Our Chief Executive Officer, 1,000,000 shares;
our Chief Financial Officer, 200,000 shares; our Founder, 200,000 shares; and a director of one of our subsidiaries, 200,000 shares. The
options have an exercise price of 1.43, vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 4-year period and expire in 10 years. 

Coreen Kraysler, our Chief Financial Officer, has
personally guaranteed a 500,000 promissory note from the U.S. Small Business Administration. The note bears interest at an annual
rate of 3.75 , has a 30-year term, and monthly payments of 2,594 began on December 17, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

Fruci Associates II, PLLC is the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm. 

The following table presents fees for professional
audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm during the past two fiscal years. 

Fiscal 2023 
 
 Fiscal 2022 
 
 Audit fees 

84,113 

53,325 

Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 

84,113 

53,325 

57 

Policy on Audit Committee Pre-Approval of Audit
and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Consistent with SEC policies regarding auditor independence,
our board of directors has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditor. In
recognition of this responsibility, the board of directors has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit
services provided by the independent auditor. 

Prior to engagement of the independent auditor for
the next year's audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of four categories
of services to the board of directors for approval. 

1. Audit services
include audit work performed in the preparation of financial statements, as well as work that generally only the independent auditor can
reasonably be expected to provide, including comfort letters and reviews of our financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q. 

2. Audit-Related services
are for assurance and related services that are traditionally performed by the independent auditor, including due diligence related to
mergers and acquisitions, employee benefit plan audits, and special procedures required to meet certain regulatory requirements. 

3. Tax services
include all services performed by the independent auditor's tax personnel except those services specifically related to the audit of the
financial statements, and includes fees in the areas of tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. 

4. Other services
are those associated with services not captured in the other categories. We generally do not request such services from the independent
auditor. 

58 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS. 

Exhibit 

Number 
 Description 

1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement between the registrant and ThinkEquity LLCincorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 12, 2022. 

1.2 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement dated July 19, 2023 between the Registrant and ThinkEquity LLC, incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form
 8-K dated July 19, 2023. 

2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 23, 2010 between ValueSetters, Inc. and NetGames.com, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to our Form 10/A dated July 25, 2014 

2.2 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger by and Among Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., ValueSetters Inc. and Netcapital Acquisition Vehicle Inc., incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 23, 2020 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation filed on April 25, 1984, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 10 dated September 3, 2013 

3.2 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on September 7, 1999, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10 dated September 3, 2013 

3.3 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on December 4, 2003, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10 dated September 3, 2013 

3.4 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on April 13, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.3 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022 

3.5 
 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation filed on September 29, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K dated November 5, 2020 

3.6 
 
 By-Laws of ValueSetters, Inc, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to our Form 10 dated September 3, 2013 

4.1 
 
 Specimen stock certificate evidencing shares of common stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-1/A dated April 8, 2022 

4.2 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Notes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Representative s Warrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022. 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant Agent Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Form S-1/A dated June 28, 2022 

4.5 
 
 Form of Public Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022 

4.6 
 
 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to our Form S-1/A dated June 28, 2022 

4.7 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022. 

4.8 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Notes incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 15, 2022. 

4.9 
 
 Form of Representative Warrant (included as Exhibit A to Exhibit 1.1) incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 16, 2022. 

59 

4.10 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2023. 

4.11 
 
 Form
 of Representative Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 19, 2023. 

4.12 
 
 Description
 of capital stock 

10.1+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s registration statement on Form S-8 on January 27, 2022, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Carole Murko, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022 

10.3+ 
 
 Separation Agreement with Carole Murko, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022 

10.4 
 
 Form of Note Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to our Form S-1 dated February 14, 2022 

10.5 
 
 License Agreement between Netcapital Systems LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Netcapital Funding Portal Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.6+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Cecilia Lenk, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.7+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Coreen Kraysler, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.8+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Jason Frishman, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 18, 2022 and filed on June 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.9+ 
 
 Netcapital Inc 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2023. 

10.10 
 
 Employment Agreement with Martin Kay dated January 3, 2023 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2023. 

10.11 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 5, 2023. 

10.12 
 
 Software License and Services Agreement between Templum, Inc. and Netcapital Systems LLC dated January 2, 2023 incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 6, 2023. 

10.13 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement between Netcapital Inc. and certain institutional investors dated May 23, 2023, incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2023. 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to our Form S-1/A dated April 8, 2022 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Filed herewith. 

 +
Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

NETCAPITAL INC . 

Date: July 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Martin Kay 

Martin Kay 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Martin Kay 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 
 Martin Kay 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Coreen Kraysler 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 
 Coreen Kraysler 
 
 (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

/s/ Avi Liss 
 
 Director 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 
 Avi Liss 

/s/ Cecilia Lenk 
 
 Director 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 
 Cecilia Lenk 

/s/ Arnold Scott 
 
 Director 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 
 Arnold Scott 

/s/ Steven Geary 
 
 Director 
 
 July 26, 2023 
 
 Steven Geary 

61 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Netcapital Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Netcapital Inc. and Subsidiaries the Company as of April
30, 2023, and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended April 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of April 30, 2023,
and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years in the two-year period ended April 30, 2023, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical
Audit Matters 

 The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 Valuation
of Investments 

 Description
of the Critical Audit Matter 

 As
discussed in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has investments in several entities which require the Company
to initially value based on offering prices that are not considered observable and to periodically evaluate potential impairment by assessing
whether the carrying value of the investments exceeds the estimated fair value, or by monitoring observable price changes from orderly
transactions to measure estimated fair value. Auditing management s analysis includes tests that are complex and highly judgmental
due to the estimation required to determine the fair value of each of the underlying investees. In particular, fair value estimates are
sensitive to significant assumptions and factors such as expectations about future market and economic conditions, revenue growth rates,
strategic plans, and historical operating results, among others. 

 How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

 Our
principal audit procedures to evaluate management s valuation of investments consisted of the following, among others: 

1. Obtain
 and test management assumptions and analysis, including review of third-party market data,
 public flings, and funding activities of investee entities. 

2. Confirmed
 investee shares held by the Company, relative ownership percentages, and active reported
 share prices. 

3. Performed
 a recalculation of significant inputs used in the valuation for reasonableness. 

4. Assess
 management s key indicators of the investee operations, including analysis of operational
 growth, public filings, and future strategic and funding plans. 

, PLLC PCAOB ID # 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

July 26, 2023 

F- 1 

NETCAPITAL INC. 

YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND 2022 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

CONTENTS 

Page 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 F-25 

F- 2 

NETCAPITAL INC. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

Assets: 
 April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Related party receivable 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Deposits 

Note receivable related parties 

Purchased technology 

Investment in affiliate 

Equity securities at fair value 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Trade 

Related party 

Accrued expenses 

Stock subscription payable 

Deferred revenue 

Interest payable 

Income taxes payable 

Deferred tax liability, net 

Related party debt 

Secured note payable 

Current portion of SBA loans 

Loan payable - bank 

Convertible notes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Long-term SBA loans, less current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Capital in excess of par value 

Shares to be issued 

Retained earnings 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 3 

NETCAPITAL INC. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 

Revenues 

Costs of services 

Gross profit 

Costs and expenses: 

Consulting expense 

Marketing 

Rent 

Payroll and payroll related expenses 

General and administrative costs 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Debt forgiveness 

Gain on debt conversion 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Realized loss on sale of investment 

Unrealized gain on equity securities 

Other income 

Total other income 

Net income before taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Basic earnings per share 

Diluted earnings per share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 4 

NETCAPITAL INC. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 For the Years Ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 

Capital in 
 Retained 

Common Stock 
 Shares To 
 Excess of 
 Earnings 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Be Issued 
 Par Value 
 (Deficit) 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, April 30, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Sale of common stock 

Shares issued to acquire funding portal 

Net income, July 31, 2021 

Balance, July 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss, October 31, 2021 

Balance, October 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Purchase of equity interest 

Purchase of MSG Development Corp. 

Sale of common stock 

Net income, January 31, 2022 

Balance, January 31, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

Purchase of equity interest 

Net income, April 30, 2022 

Balance, April 30, 2022 

Shares issued for debt conversion 

Sale of common stock 

Vesting of stock options 

Net income July 31, 2022 

Balance, July 31, 2022 

Sale of common stock 

Purchase of equity interest 

Vesting of stock options 

Net income Oct. 31, 2022 

Balance October 31, 2022 

Sale of common stock 

Purchase of equity interest 

Purchase of intellectual property 

Reduction in shares to be issued 
 6,250 

Vesting of stock options 

Net income January 31, 2023 

Balance January 31, 2023 

Purchase of equity interest 

Vesting of stock options 

Stock-based compensation 

Net income April 30, 2023 

Balance, April 30, 2023 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 5 

NETCAPITAL INC. 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
April 30, 2023 
 Year Ended 
April 30, 2022 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income 

Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash revenue from the receipt of equity 

Allowance for credit losses 

Debt forgiveness 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Realized loss on investment 

Gain on debt conversion 

Unrealized gain on equity securities 

Changes in deferred taxes 

Changes in non-cash working capital balances: 

Accounts receivable 

Related party receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred revenue 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued interest payable 

Accounts payable related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of investment 

Loans to affiliate 

Investment in affiliate 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payment of related party note 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from (payments to) secured lender 

Proceeds from stock subscriptions 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Cash flow provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of the period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Information: 

Common stock issued as prepaid compensation 

Common stock issued to pay related party payable 

Common stock issued to pay promissory notes 

Common stock issued to purchase intellectual property 

Common stock issued to purchase 10 interest in Caesar Media Group Inc. 

Common stock for the purchase of MSG Development Corp. 

See Accompanying Notes to the Financial Statements 

F- 6 

NETCAPITAL INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 AS OF AND FOR THE YEARS ENDED APRIL 30, 2023 AND
2022 

When agreements involve multiple distinct performance
obligations, the Company allocates arrangement consideration to all performance obligations at the inception of an arrangement based on
the relative standalone selling prices (SSP) of each performance obligation. Where the Company has standalone sales data for its performance
obligations which are indicative of the price at which the Company sells a promised service separately to a customer, such data is used
to establish SSP. In instances where standalone sales data is not available for a particular performance obligation, the Company estimates
SSP by the use of observable market and cost-based inputs. The Company continues to review the factors used to establish list price and
will adjust standalone selling price methodologies as necessary on a prospective basis. 

Fees from online services 

Total revenues 

and as of April
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

8.0 
 
 Notes payable related parties 

Convertible promissory notes 

U.S. SBA loan 

U.S. SBA loan 

Loan payable bank 

Total debt 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt 

As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
owed its principal lender Lender 350,000 and 1,400,000, respectively, under a loan and security agreement Loan dated April 28, 2011, that was amended on July 26, 2014 and several times thereafter to extend the maturity date to October 31, 2023. 

In connection with the financing, the Company has
agreed to certain restrictive covenants, including, among others, that the Company may not convey, sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of any part of its business or property, except as permitted in the agreement, dissolve, liquidate or merge with any other party
unless, in the case of a merger, the Company is the surviving entity, incur any indebtedness except as defined in the agreement, create
or allow a lien on any of its assets or collateral that has been pledged to the Lender, make any loans to any person, except for prepaid
items or deposits incurred in the ordinary course of business, or make any material capital expenditures. To secure the payment of all
obligations to the Lender, the Company granted the Lender a continuing security interest and first lien on all of the assets of the Company. 

As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company s
related-party unsecured notes payable totaled 15,000 and 22,860, respectively. 

As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the company owed 0
and 300,000 in convertible notes payable. On July 14, 2022, the Company issued 93,432 shares of common stock valued at 266,272 to retire
the 300,000 in convertible promissory notes plus accrued interest of 10,192. 

The Company also owes 34,324 as of April 30, 2023
and 2022 to Chase Bank. For the loan from Chase Bank, the Company pays interest only on a monthly basis, which is calculated at a rate
of 10.0 per annum as of April 30, 2023. 

On May 6, 2020, the Company borrowed 1,885,800 (the
 May Loan ), on June 17, 2020 the Company borrowed 500,000 (the June Loan ), and on February 2, 2021, the Company
borrowed 1,885,800 (the February Loan from a U.S. Small Business Administration SBA loan program. 

The May loan bore interest at a rate of 1 per annum
and the SBA postponed any installment payments until September 6, 2021. In November 2021 the May Loan was forgiven in its entirety, including
accrued interest of 18,502. As a result, the Company recognized debt forgiveness of 1,904,296 in the year ended April 30, 2022. 

The June Loan required installment payments of 2,594
monthly, beginning on June 17, 2021, over a term of thirty years. However, the SBA postponed the first installment payment for 18 months
and the first payment became due on December 17, 2022. The monthly payments of 2,594 are first applied to accrued interest payable. The
monthly payments will not be applied to any of the outstanding principal balance until August of 2026. Consequently, the entire loan balance
of 500,000 is classified as a long term liability. Interest accrues at a rate of 3.75 per annum. The Company agreed to grant a continuing
security interest in its assets to secure payment and performance of all debts, liabilities, and obligations to the SBA. 

The February loan bears interest at a rate of 1 per
annum and the due date of the first payment has been postposed by the SBA because the Company has applied for forgiveness of the February
Loan in its entirety. 

As of April
30, 2023, future payments under debt obligations over each of the next five years and thereafter were as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Minimum future payments of principal 

April 30, 2022 

Equity securities at fair value 

Determination of Fair Value 

Under the Fair Value Measurements Topic of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification, the Company bases its fair value on the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. It is the Company s policy to maximize
the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements, in accordance with the
fair value hierarchy. Fair value measurements for assets and liabilities where there exists limited or no observable market data and,
therefore, are based primarily upon management s own estimates, are often calculated based on current pricing policy, the economic
and competitive environment, the characteristics of the asset or liability and other such factors. Therefore, the results cannot be determined
with precision and may not be realized in an actual sale or immediate settlement of the asset or liability. Additionally, there may be
inherent weaknesses in any calculation technique, and changes in the underlying assumptions used, including discount rates and estimates
of future cash flows, that could significantly affect the results of current or future value. 

See Note 1 for a description of valuation methodologies
used for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value and for estimating fair value where it is practicable to do so for financial instruments
not recorded at fair value (disclosures required by the Fair Value Measurements Topic of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification). 

Bad debt allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liability 

Unrealized gain 

Total deferred tax liability 

Total net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

For fiscal 2023, our income tax expense was ,
with an effective tax rate of 22 , Our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were impacted by tax benefits related
to a net operating loss carryforward of 1.6 million. 

For fiscal 2022, our income tax expense was ,
with an effective tax rate of 13 . Our effective tax rate and the resulting provision for income taxes were impacted by tax benefits related
to a net operating loss carryforward of 1.1 million and non-taxable debt forgiveness of 1.9 million. 

The Company did not have any material unrecognized
tax benefits as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company does not expect the unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease
within the next twelve months. The Company recorded no interest and penalties relating to unrecognized tax benefits as of and during the
years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as taxes by various state jurisdictions.
The Company is currently open to audit under the statute of limitations by the federal and state jurisdictions for the years ending April
30, 2020 through 2023. 

During the quarter ended July 31, 2022, the Company
issued 39,901 shares of common stock with a value of 113,714 to settle a related party payable of 294,054. The Company also issued 93,432
shares of common stock valued at 266,272 to retire 300,000 of convertible promissory notes plus accrued interest of 10,192. The convertible
note holders also received warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a per share exercise price of 5.19, that are exercisable immediately,
and expire five years from the date of issuance. These equity issuances resulted in a gain from the conversion of debt totaling 224,260,
which is recorded as other income in the income statement. 

On July 15, 2022, the Company completed an underwritten
public offering of 1,205,000 shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase 1,205,000 shares of the Company s
common stock at a combined public offering price of 4.15 per share and warrant. The gross proceeds from the offering were 5,000,750
prior to deducting underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses, which resulted in net proceeds of 3,949,117. The
warrants have a per share exercise price of 5.19, are exercisable immediately, and expire five years from the date of issuance. 

In addition, the Company granted the underwriter a
45-day option to purchase up to an additional 180,750 shares of common stock and/or up to 180,750 additional warrants to cover over-allotments,
if any. In connection with the closing of the offering, the underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option and purchased an
additional 111,300 warrants, and the Company issued an aggregate of warrants to purchase 60,250 shares of our common stock to the underwriter
and its designees. 

On December 16, 2022 the
Company completed an underwritten public offering of 1,247,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price to the public of
 1.40 per share. Pursuant to the terms of an underwriting agreement, the Company also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase
up to an additional 187,000 shares of common stock solely to cover over-allotments, at the same price per share of 1.40, less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. In conjunction with this offering, the Company issued the underwriter and its designees warrants to purchase
62,350 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 1.75. The underwriters exercised their over-allotment option and on January
5, 2023, the Company issued an additional 187,000 shares of its common stock. The Company received net proceeds of 1,621,459 for the
issuance of a total of 1,434,000 shares of common stock for both the initial and over-allotment offering. In conjunction with the exercise
of the over-allotment, the Company issued the underwriter and its designees warrants to purchase 9,350 shares of our common stock with
an exercise price of 1.75. 

The Securities were offered,
issued and sold to the public pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267921) previously
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission on October 18, 2022 and declared effective by the Commission
on October 26, 2022 and related prospectus supplements dated December 13, 2022, as amended on December 16, 2022. 

The following tables summarize information about warrants outstanding as
of April 30, 2023 and 2022: 

As of April 30, 2022 

- 

Exercised/canceled during year ended April 30, 2023 

Warrants outstanding April 30, 2023 
 
 - 

Warrants exercisable, April 30, 2023 

As a result of the two offerings, the company has
warrants outstanding, with a five-year term, to purchase a total of 1,469,982 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of 5.19
and 71,700 shares of its common stock at an exercise price of 1.75. The warrants issued to the underwriter s representatives and
to the underwriter were not part of a unit, consisting of one share of common stock and one warrant and are valued based upon unadjusted
quoted prices on the Nasdaq market. 

During the year ended April 30, 2023, in addition
to the public offerings, the Company issued 75,000 shares of common stock, valued at 732,751, in conjunction with the purchase of a 10 
equity stake in Caesar Media Group, Inc., 300,000 shares of common stock, valued at 435,000 to purchase the website and intellectual
property of a real-time video conferencing website, 2,600 shares of common stock in conjunction with a stock subscription agreement with
accredited investors, valued at 23,400, and 6,250 shares of common stock in conjunction with an acquisition agreement that requires shares
to be issued by the Company. As a result of this issuance, the value of the balance sheet account for shares to be issued decreased by
 61,063 to 183,187 as of April 30, 2023, from a balance of 244,250 as of April 30, 2022. 

On January 5, 2023, the Company filed a Current Report
on Form 8-K and announced the formation of the Netcapital Inc. 2023 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), which has
subsequently been approved by a vote of the shareholders. The purposes of the Plan are to (i) provide an additional incentive to
selected employees, directors, and independent contractors of the Company or its affiliates whose contributions are essential to the growth
and success of the Company, (ii) strengthen the commitment of such individuals to the Company and its affiliates, (iii) motivate
those individuals to faithfully and diligently perform their responsibilities and (iv) attract and retain competent and dedicated
individuals whose efforts will result in the long-term growth and profitability of the Company. In conjunction with these purposes, the
Company granted stock options to four individuals to purchase an aggregate of 1,600,000 of the Company s common stock at a price
of 1.43 per share. See Note 9. The Company also granted 350,000 stock options under the Plan to employees, consultants, and directors
on April 25, 2023 at an exercise price of 1.40 per share. All stock options in the Plan vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a
4-year period and expire in 10 years. 

For
the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded 269,577 and 1,176,058, respectively, in stock-based compensation expense.
As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, there was 552,329 and 0 of prepaid stock-based compensation expense. The prepaid balance of 552,329
is the result of the issuance of 350,000 shares of common stock to a third-party business consultant. 

The table below presents the components of stock-based
compensation expense for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Chief Financial Officer 

Chief Executive Officer, Netcapital Advisors Inc. 

Founder 

Chief Marketing Officer 

Related party consultant 

Marketing consultant 

Marketing consultant 

Marketing consultant 

Business consultant 

Company secretary and director 

Business development manager 

Employee and director stock options 

Total 

The table below presents the number of shares issued
as compensation for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 
 
 Description 
 April 30, 2023 
 April 30, 2022 
 
 Company secretary and director 

Business development manager 

Chief Marketing Officer 

Business consultants 

Total 

The following tables summarize information about stock options outstanding
as of April 30, 2023 and 2022: 

As of April 30, 2022 

10.50 - 10.50 

- 

Exercised/canceled during year ended April 30, 2022 
 
 - 

Options outstanding April 30, 2022 
 
 - 

Issued during year ended April 30, 2023 
 
 - 

Exercised/canceled during year ended April 30, 2023 
 
 - 

Options outstanding April 30, 2023 
 
 - 

Options exercisable, April 30, 2023 
 
 - 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities 

Weighted average dilutive common shares outstanding 

Earnings per common share basic 

Earnings per common share diluted 

Basic net income per share is computed by dividing
net income available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of vested, unrestricted common shares outstanding during the
period. Diluted net income per share is computed based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding plus the effect
of dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period using the if-converted method. Dilutive potential common shares include
250 shares and 82,307 shares, respectively for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. As of April 30, 2022, 39,901 shares were issuable
to satisfy a supplemental consideration liability, in addition to 300,000 in convertible promissory notes plus 5,326 in accrued interest
payable that could convert, at a price per share of 7.20, into 42,406 shares of common stock. 

Outstanding stock options, totaling and
 for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were not included in the calculation of dilutive securities because
their effect was anti-dilutive. Vested warrants totaling and shares, for the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022, were also
not included in the calculation of dilutive securities because their effect was anti-dilutive. 

The Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary,
Netcapital Advisors Inc., is a member of the board of directors of KingsCrowd Inc. The Company sold 606,060 shares of KingsCrowd in June
2022 for proceeds of 200,000 and recorded a realized loss on the sale of the investment of 406,060. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the
Company owned 3,209,685 and 3,815,745 shares of KingsCrowd Inc., valued at 3,209,685 and 3,815,745, respectively. 

The Chief Executive Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary,
Netcapital Advisors Inc. is a member of the board of directors of Deuce Drone LLC. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 2,350,000
membership interest units of Deuce Drone LLC., valued at 2,350,000. The Company has notes receivable aggregating 152,000 from Deuce
Drone LLC as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Compensation
expense to officers in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted of common stock valued at 0 and 190,763, respectively, cash
compensation of 598,077 and 265,688, respectively, and options to purchase common stock valued at 137,994 and 3,147, respectively. 

Compensation to a related party consultant in the
years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022 consisted of common stock valued at 0 and 25,908, respectively, and cash compensation of 60,039
and 60,000, respectively. This consultant is also the controlling shareholder of Zelgor Inc., and
the Company earned revenues from Zelgor Inc. of 66,000 and 5,500 in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company owns 1,400,000
shares of Zelgor Inc., valued at 1,400,000 and holds a note receivable of 50,000 as of April 30, 2023. 

Cash compensation to the President of Netcapital Systems
LLC amounted to 184,808 and 96,000, and stock-based compensation amounted to 25,927 and 0, in the years ended April 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

We owe Steven Geary, a director, 31,680
as of April 30, 2023 and 2022. This obligation is not interest bearing. 16,680 is recorded as a related party trade accounts payable
and 15,000 as a related party note payable. We have no signed agreements for the indebtedness to Mr. Geary. 

The Company made an investment of 240,080 in an affiliate,
6A Aviation Alaska Consortium, Inc., in conjunction with a land lease in an airport in Alaska. Our Chief Executive Officer is also the
Chief Executive Officer of 6A Aviation Alaska Consortium, Inc. As a result of the investment, the Company is a 19 owner of 6A Aviation
Consortium Inc. 

In November 2021, we issued a member of our Board
10,000 shares of common stock for his service as a member of our board and audit committee, valued at 100,000. 

On February 2, 2022, the Company granted members of
our board of directors an aggregate of 25,000 options to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 10.50 per share.
An option to purchase 10,000 shares of common stock was granted to the Chief Executive Officer of Netcapital Advisors Inc., who is also
a director, and each of the three independent board members received an option to purchase 5,000 shares of common stock. The options vest
on a straight-line basis over 48 months and expire in 10 years. On April 25, 2023, the Company also granted the same four members of our
board of directors an aggregate of 80,000 options, or 20,000 for each board member, to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise
price of 1.40 per share. The options vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 4-year period and expire in 10 years. 

In January 2023 we granted stock options to purchase
an aggregate of 1,600,000 shares of our common stock to four related parties as follows: Our Chief Executive Officer, 1,000,000 shares;
our Chief Financial Officer, 200,000 shares; our Founder, 200,000 shares; and a director of one of our subsidiaries, 200,000 shares. The
options have an exercise price of 1.43, vest monthly on a straight-line basis over a 4-year period and expire in 10 years. 

Coreen Kraysler, our Chief Financial Officer, has
personally guaranteed a 500,000 promissory note from the U.S. Small Business Administration. The note bears interest at an annual
rate of 3.75 , has a 30-year term, and monthly payments of 2,594 began on December 17, 2022. 

In August 2020
the Company entered a consulting agreement with C-Reveal Therapeutics LLC CRT ). for a 120,000 fee over a 12-month period.
 50,000 of the fee was payable in CRT units. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 5,000 units, at a value of 50,000. 

In May 2020, the Company entered a consulting contract
with MustWatch LLC MW ), which allowed the Company to receive 110,000 membership interest units of MW in return for services
rendered in conjunction with a crowdfunding offering. The Company earned 97,500 membership interest units in the quarter ended July 31,
2020, valued at 2.14 per unit, or 235,400. As of April 30, 2023, the MW units are valued at 4 per unit based on a sales price of 4
per unit on an online funding portal. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 110,000 MW units, which are valued at 440,000
and 235,400, respectively. The 204,600 increase in value of the MW units owned by the Company is recorded as an unrealized gain in the
year ended April 30, 2023. 

In May 2020, the Company entered into a consulting
contract with ChipBrain LLC Chip ), which allowed the Company to receive 710,200 membership interest units of Chip in return
for services rendered in conjunction with a crowdfunding offering. The Chip units were initially valued at 0.93 per unit based on a sales
price of 0.93 per unit on an online funding portal. Subsequently, Chip sold identical units for 4.74 per unit, and as of April 30, 2023
and April 30, 2022, the 710,200 units owned by the Company are valued at 3,366,348 and 1,704,480, respectively. The 1,661,868 increase
in value of the Chip units owned by the Company was recorded as an unrealized gain in the year ended April 30, 2023. 

In May 2020, the Company entered a consulting contract
with a related party, Zelgor Inc. Zelgor ), which allowed the Company to receive 1,400,000 shares of common stock of Zelgor
in return for services rendered in conjunction with a crowdfunding offering. The Zelgor shares are valued at 1.00 per share based on
a sales price of 1.00 per share on an online funding portal. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 1,400,000 shares which
are valued at 1,400,000. 

On January 2, 2020, the Company entered a consulting
contract with Deuce Drone LLC Drone ), which allowed the Company to receive up to 2,350,000 membership interest units of
Drone in return for consulting services. The Company earned all 2,350,000 membership interest units in fiscal 2020. The Drone units were
valued at 0.35 per unit based on a sales price of 0.35 per unit when the units were earned, or 822,500. Drone subsequently sold identical
Drone units for 1.00 per unit on an online funding portal and as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the units owned by the Company are valued
at 2,350,000. 

In August 2019, the Company entered a consulting contract
with KingsCrowd LLC KingsCrowd ), which allowed the Company to receive 300,000 membership interest units of KingsCrowd in
return for services rendered in conjunction with a crowdfunding offering. The KingsCrowd units were valued at 1.80 per unit based on
a sales price of 1.80 per unit when the units were earned, or 540,000. In December 2020, KingsCrowd converted from a limited liability
company to a corporation to facilitate raising capital under Regulation A. KingsCrowd filed a Form 1-A Offering Statement under the Securities
Act of 1933 and sold shares at 1.00 per share. In connection with the conversion to a corporation, each membership interest unit converted
into 12.71915 shares of common stock, and the Company recorded an unrealized gain of 3,275,745 for the year ended April 30, 2022. The
Company sold 606,060 shares of KingsCrowd in June 2022 for proceeds of 200,000 and recorded a realized loss on the sale of the investment
of 406,060. KingsCrowd filed a post qualification offering circular amendment on July 21, 2022 and continued to sell shares of stock
to the public for 1.00 per share. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 3,209,685 and 3,815,745 shares of KingsCrowd, valued
at 3,209,685 and 3,815,745, respectively. 

During fiscal 2019, the Company entered into a consulting
contract with Netcapital Systems LLC, a related party, and earned membership interest units. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
owned 528 units, at a value of 48,128. 

In July 2020
the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Vymedic, Inc. for a 40,000 fee over a 5-month period. Half the fee was payable in
stock and half was payable in cash. As of April 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company owned 4,000 units, at a value of 11,032 and 20,000,
respectively. Based upon recent sales of shares of common stock of Vymedic Inc., the per share value dropped from 5.00 per share to 2.758
per share, and the Company recorded an unrealized loss on equity securities of 8,968 for the year ended April 30, 2023. This unrealized
loss of 8,968 is netted with the unrealized gains of 204,600 and 1,661,868 in the MW and Chip securities, respectively, and results
in an unrealized gain in equity securities of 1,857,500 in the year ended April 30, 2023. 

The following table summarizes the components of equity
securities as of April 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Watch Party LLC 

Zelgor Inc. 

ChipBrain LLC 

Vymedic Inc. 

C-Reveal Therapeutics LLC 

Deuce Drone LLC 

Hiveskill LLC 

ScanHash LLC 

Caesar Media Group Inc. 

Cust Corp. 

Kingscrowd Inc. 

Reper LLC 

Dark LLC 

Netwire LLC 

CountSharp LLC 

CupCrew LLC 

HeadFarm LLC 

Total 

The above investments in equity securities are within
the scope of ASC 321. The Company monitors the investments for any changes in observable prices from orderly transactions. All investments
are initially measured at cost and evaluated for impairment. No impairment expense was recognized in the years ended April 30, 2023 and
2022. 

In fiscal 2023, there were observable price changes
in three securities, ChipBrain LLC, MustWatch LLC and Vymedic Inc. The result of these price changes was an increase in the fair value
of the equity securities totaling in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2023, which was recorded in the income statement as an
unrealized gain on equity securities. 

In fiscal 2022, the Company identified that Kingscrowd
Inc. had an observable price change. The result of the price change was an increase in the fair value of the equity securities totaling
 3,275,745 in the fiscal year ended April 30, 2022, which was recorded in the income statement as an unrealized gain on equity securities. 

Acquired brand 

Acquired intellectual property and website 

Professional practice 

Literary works and contracts 

Total intangible assets 

As of April 30, 2023, the weighted average remaining
useful life for technology, trade names, professional practice, literary works and domains is 14.16 years. Accumulated amortization amounted
to as of April 30, 2023, resulting in net intangible assets of . 

F-25 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 ex_4-12.htm

Exhibit
4.12 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

General 

Our articles of incorporation authorize the issuance
of up to 900,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of 0.001 per share. 

As of July 26, 2023, there were 9,415,382 shares of
our common stock outstanding. 

The following description is only a summary. You should
also refer to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, both of which have been filed with the SEC as exhibits to the Annual Report on
Form 10-K of which this exhibit forms a part. 

Common Stock 

The holders of shares of our common stock are entitled
to one vote per share. In addition, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to receive ratably such dividends, if any, as may
be declared by our Board out of legally available funds; however, the current policy of our Board is to retain earnings, if any, for operations
and growth. Upon liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably in all assets
that are legally available for distribution. The holders of our common stock will have no preemptive rights. 

Warrants 

As of July 28, 2023, we have
warrants to purchase up to 1,541,682 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of 5.03 per
share. 

Options 

As of July 28, 2023, we have
options to purchase 2,202,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of 2.46 per share. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Utah Law and Our Articles
of Incorporation and Bylaws 

The provisions of Utah law, our articles of incorporation
and our bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our Company. These
provisions, which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage
persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our Board. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our
potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire
us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Articles of Incorporation and Bylaw Provisions 

Our articles of incorporation and our bylaws include
several provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team, including the following: 

Board of directors vacancies. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and vacancies occurring in the board for any reason except the removal of directors without cause may be filled by a vote of the majority of directors then in office, although less than a quorum exists. Vacancies occurring by reason of the removal of directors without cause shall be filled by vote of the stockholders. A director elected to fill a vacancy caused by resignation, death or removal shall be elected to hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor. In addition, the number of directors constituting our Board is permitted to be set only by a resolution adopted by our Board. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our Board and then gaining control of our Board by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This makes it more difficult to change the composition of our Board but promotes continuity of management. 

Special meeting of stockholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our president or any two directors, thus prohibiting a stockholder from calling a special meeting. These provisions might delay the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or for stockholders controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors. 

No cumulative voting. The Utah Business Corporation Act provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless a corporation s articles of incorporation provide otherwise. Our articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting. 

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters 

For a discussion of liability and indemnification,
please see the section titled Management Limitation of Liability and Indemnification . 

Transfer Agent 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Equity Stock Transfer
LLC with its business address at 237 W 37 th Street, Suite 602, New York, NY 10018. Its telephone number is (212) 575-5757 and
its email address is info@equitystock.com. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements to Form S-8 (File No 333-271120 and 333-262373) of our audit
report dated July 26, 2023, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Netcapital Inc. as of April 30, 2023 and 2022, and the
related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period
ended April 30, 2023. 

 We
also consent to the reference to us under the heading Interest of Named Experts and Counsel in such Registration Statements. 

Fruci
 Associates II, PLLC PCAOB ID #05525 

 Spokane,
Washington 

 July
26, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex_31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Martin Kay, certify that: 

1. 
 I have
 reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Netcapital Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 present in this report; 

4. 
 I am
 responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
 the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure
 controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
 entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal
 control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness
 of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
 of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this
 report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 I have
 disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant
 deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether
 or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Martin Kay 

Martin Kay 

Principal Executive Officer, 

Netcapital Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex_31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302
OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Coreen Kraysler, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Netcapital Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Coreen Kraysler 

Coreen Kraysler 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer 

Netcapital Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex_32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Netcapital
Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Cecilia Lenk, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2022, 3fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: July 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Martin Kay 

Martin Kay 

Principal Executive Officer, 

Netcapital Inc. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex_32-2.htm

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Netcaptial
Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Coreen Kraysler, Principal Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(3) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(4) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 30, 2023, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: July 26, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Coreen Kraysler 

Coreen Kraysler 

Principal Financial Officer and 

Principal Accounting Officer 

Netcapital Inc. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 ncpl-20230430.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 ncpl-20230430_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 ncpl-20230430_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 ncpl-20230430_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

