<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230804_10-K_edgar_data_80424_0000080424-23-000073.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14673218</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>335171</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2931808</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5743321</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2898740</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2447638</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000080424-23-000073.hdr.sgml : 20230804
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230804161613
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000080424-23-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230804
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230804

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PROCTER & GAMBLE Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000080424
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SOAP, DETERGENT, CLEANING PREPARATIONS, PERFUMES, COSMETICS [2840]
		IRS NUMBER:				310411980
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-00434
		FILM NUMBER:		231144232

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PROCTER & GAMBLE PLAZA
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5139831100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE PROCTER & GAMBLE PLAZA
		CITY:			CINCINNATI
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PROCTER & GAMBLE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000080424-23-000073.txt : 20230804

10-K
 1
 pg-20230630.htm
 FY2223 10-K

pg-20230630 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 Form 
 
 (Mark one) 
 [x] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended 
 OR 
 [ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. THE MPANY 
 One Procter Gamble Plaza, Cincinnati, Ohio 45202 Telephone (513) 983-1100 IRS Employer Identification No. 31-0411980 State of Incorporation: Ohio 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filed," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No o 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates amounted to billion on December 31, 2022. 
 There were shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference 
 Portions of the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed within one hundred and twenty days of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (2023 Proxy Statement), are incorporated by reference into Part III of this report to the extent described herein. 

FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 3 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 Item 2. Properties 
 9 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 
 9 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 10 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 Item 6. Intentionally Omitted 
 12 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 Management's Report and Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 35 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 35 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 38 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 39 
 Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 39 
 Note 2: Segment Information 
 41 
 Note 3: Supplemental Financial Information 
 44 
 Note 4: Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 45 
 Note 5: Income Taxes 
 46 
 Note 6: Earnings Per Share 
 48 
 Note 7: S hare -based Compensation 
 49 
 Note 8: Postretirement Benefits and Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 51 
 Note 9: Risk Management Activities and Fair Value Measurements 
 56 
 Note 10: Short-term and Long-term Debt 
 59 
 Note 11: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) 
 60 
 Note 12: Leases 
 60 
 Note 13: Commitments and Contingencies 
 61 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 62 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 62 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 62 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 62 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 63 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 63 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 63 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 63 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 63 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 64 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 66 
 Signatures 
 67 

The Procter Gamble Company 1 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 The Procter Gamble Company (the Company) is focused on providing branded products of superior quality and value to improve the lives of the world's consumers, now and for generations to come. The Company was incorporated in Ohio in 1905, having first been established as a New Jersey corporation in 1890, and was built from a business founded in Cincinnati in 1837 by William Procter and James Gamble. 
 Additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD and Notes 1 and 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms "Company," "P G," "we," "our" or "us" as used herein refer to The Procter Gamble Company (the registrant) and its subsidiaries. Throughout this Form 10-K, we incorporate by reference information from other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, are filed electronically with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains these reports at: www.sec.gov. Reports can also be accessed through links from our website at: www.pginvestor.com. P G includes the website link solely as a textual reference and the information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 Copies of these reports are also available, without charge, by contacting EQ Shareowner Services, 1100 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota, MN 55120-4100. 
 Financial Information about Segments 
 Information about our reportable segments can be found in the MD A and Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Narrative Description of Business 
 Business Model . Our business model is built to deliver balanced top- and bottom-line growth and value creation. We rely on the continued growth and success of existing brands and products, as well as the creation of new innovative products and brands. We offer products in markets and industry segments that are highly competitive. Our products are sold in approximately 180 countries and territories through numerous channels as well as direct-to-consumer. Our growth strategy is to deliver meaningful and noticeable superiority across five key vectors of our consumer proposition - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and consumer and customer value. We use our research and development (R D) and consumer insights to provide superior products and packaging. We utilize our marketing and online presence to deliver superior brand messaging to our consumers. We partner with our customers to deliver superior retail execution, both in-store and online. In conjunction with the above vectors, we provide superior value to consumers and our retail customers in each price tier in which we compete. Productivity improvement is also critical to delivering our objectives of balanced top- and bottom-line growth and value creation. 
 Key Product Categories . Information on key product categories can be found in the MD A and Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Key Customers . Our customers include mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. Sales to Walmart Inc. and its affiliates represent approximately 15 of our total sales in 2023, 2022 and 2021. No other customer represents more than 10 of our total sales. Our top ten customers accounted for 40 of our total net sales in 2023 and 39 in 2022 and 2021. 
 Sources and Availability of Materials . Almost all of the raw and packaging materials used by the Company are purchased from third parties, some of whom are single-source suppliers. We produce certain raw materials, primarily chemicals, for further use in the manufacturing process. In addition, fuel, natural gas and derivative products are important commodities consumed in our manufacturing processes and in the transportation of input materials and finished products. The prices we pay for materials and other commodities are subject to fluctuation. When prices for these items change, we may or may not pass the change to our customers. The Company purchases a substantial variety of other raw and packaging materials, none of which are material to our business taken as a whole. 
 Trademarks and Patents . We own or have licenses under patents and registered trademarks, which are used in connection with our activity in all businesses. Some of these patents or licenses cover significant product formulation and processes used to manufacture our products. The trademarks are important to the overall marketing and branding of our products. All major trademarks in each business are registered. In part, our success can be attributed to the existence and continued protection of these trademarks, patents and licenses. 
 Competitive Condition . The markets in which our products are sold are highly competitive. Our products compete against similar products from many large and small companies, including well-known global competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products as well as retailers' private-label brands. We are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position. We support our products with advertising, promotions and other marketing vehicles to build awareness and trial of our brands and products in conjunction with our sales force. We believe this combination provides the 

2 The Procter Gamble Company 

 most efficient method of marketing for these types of products. Product quality, performance, value and packaging are also important differentiating factors. 
 Government Regulation . Our Company is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we do business. In the United States, many of our products and manufacturing operations are subject to one or more federal or state regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). We are also subject to anti-corruption laws and regulations, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and antitrust and competition laws and regulations that govern our dealings with suppliers, customers, competitors and government officials. 
 In addition, many foreign jurisdictions in which we do business have regulations and regulatory bodies that govern similar aspects of our operations and products, in some cases to an even more significant degree. We are also subject to expanding laws and regulations related to environmental protection and other sustainability-related matters, non-financial reporting and diligence, labor and employment, trade, taxation and data privacy and protection, including the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and similar regulations in states within the United States and in countries around the world. 
 The Company has in place compliance programs and internal and external experts to help guide our business in complying with these and other existing laws and regulations that apply to us around the globe; and we have made, and plan to continue making, necessary expenditures for compliance with these laws and regulations. We also expect that our many suppliers, consultants and other third parties working on our behalf share our commitment to compliance, and we have policies and procedures in place to manage these relationships, though they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over operations and governance. We do not expect that the Company s expenditures for compliance with current government regulations, including current environmental regulations, will have a material effect on our total capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position in fiscal year 2024 as compared to prior periods. 
 Human Capital . Our employees are a key source of competitive advantage. Their actions, guided by our Purpose, Values and Principles (PVPs), are critical to the long-term success of our business. We aim to retain our talented employees by offering competitive compensation and benefits, strong career development and a respectful and inclusive culture that provides equal opportunity for all. 
 Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee (C LD Committee), provides oversight of the Company s policies and strategy relating to talent including diversity, equality and inclusion as well as the Company s compensation principles and practices. The C LD Committee also evaluates and approves the Company s compensation plans, policies and programs applicable to our senior executives. 
 Employees 
 As of June 30, 2023, the Company had approximately 107,000 employees, an increase of 1 versus the prior year due primarily to business growth. The total number of employees is an estimate of total Company employees excluding interns, co-ops, contractors and employees of joint ventures. 49 of our employees are in manufacturing roles and 27 of our employees are located in the United States. 41 of our global employees are women and 30 of our U.S. employees identify as multicultural. 
 Training and Development 
 We focus on attracting, developing and retaining skilled and diverse talent, both from universities and the broader market. We recruit from among the best universities across markets in which we compete and are generally able to select from the top talent. We focus on developing our employees by providing a variety of job experiences, training programs and skill development opportunities. Given our develop-from-within model for staffing most of our senior leadership positions, it is particularly important for us to ensure holistic growth and full engagement of our employees. 
 Diversity, Equality and Inclusion 
 As a consumer products company, we believe that it is important for our workforce to reflect the diversity of our consumers worldwide. We also seek to foster an inclusive work environment where each individual can bring their authentic self, which helps drive innovation and enables us to better serve our consumers. We aspire to achieve equal gender representation globally and at key management and leadership levels. Within the U.S. workforce, our aspiration is to achieve 40 multicultural representation overall as well as at management and leadership levels. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Market-competitive compensation and reward programs are critical elements of our employee value equation to attract and retain the best talent. Our total rewards programs are based on the principles of paying for performance, paying competitively versus peer companies that we compete with for talent in the marketplace and focusing on long-term success through a combination of short-term and long-term incentive programs. We also offer competitive benefit programs, including retirement plans and health insurance in line with local country practices with flexibility to accommodate the needs of a diverse workforce. 
 Sustainability . Environmental sustainability is integrated into our business strategy to offer consumers irresistibly superior products that are more sustainable. Our aim is to deliver balanced top- and bottom-line growth, value creation and key sustainability objectives. In 2021, the Company announced a 2040 net zero ambition and published a Climate Transition Action 

The Procter Gamble Company 3 

 Plan, which describes the Company s ongoing efforts toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions across scopes 1 and 2 and elements of scope 3. This includes a long-term objective of net zero emissions for scopes 1 and 2, elements of scope 3 and interim goals to help us pace our progress. The Company has also declared goals towards using renewable electricity for our operations, reducing use of virgin petroleum-based plastic in packaging, increasing the recyclability or reusability of packaging, responsible sourcing of key forest-based commodities, improving efficiency of water usage in our operations and driving a global portfolio of water restoration projects to address water scarcity. 
 We use the standards and guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) industry specific standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to inform our sustainability and related disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our sustainability reports. The materiality thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of materiality for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission s rules in this Annual Report. References to our sustainability reports and website are for informational purposes only and neither the sustainability reports nor the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional detailed information on our sustainability efforts can be found on our website at https://pginvestor.com/esg. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this Form 10-K, as well as in our quarterly and annual reports, current reports on Form 8-K, press releases and other written and oral communications. All statements, except for historical and present factual information, are forward-looking statements and are based on financial data and business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become outdated or incomplete. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except to the extent required by law. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain, and investors must recognize that events could significantly differ from our expectations. 
 The following discussion of risk factors identifies significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance. This information should be read in conjunction with Management's Discussion and Analysis and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes incorporated in this report. The following discussion of risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider when evaluating our expectations. These and other factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends, perhaps materially. 
 MACROECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND RELATED FINANCIAL RISKS 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility. 
 We are a global company, with operations in approximately 70 countries and products sold in approximately 180 countries and territories around the world. We hold assets, incur liabilities, generate sales and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the U.S. dollar, and our operations outside the U.S. generate more than 50 of our annual net sales. Fluctuations in exchange rates for foreign currencies have and could continue to reduce the U.S. dollar value of sales, earnings and cash flows we receive from non-U.S. markets, increase our supply costs (as measured in U.S. dollars) in those markets, negatively impact our competitiveness in those markets or otherwise adversely impact our business results or financial condition. Further, we have a significant amount of foreign currency debt and derivatives as part of our capital markets activities. The maturity cash outflows of these instruments could be adversely impacted by significant appreciation of foreign currency exchange rates (particularly the Euro), which could adversely impact our overall cash flows. Moreover, discriminatory or conflicting fiscal or trade policies in different countries, including changes to tariffs and existing trade policies and agreements, could adversely affect our results. See also the Results of Operations and Cash Flow, Financial Condition and Liquidity sections of the MD A and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes. 
 We also have businesses and maintain local currency cash balances in a number of countries with currency exchange, import authorization, pricing or other controls or restrictions, such as Egypt, Argentina and Pakistan. Our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and restrictions, continue existing business operations and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, exchange or price controls, trade barriers or similar restrictions are imposed on our business. 
 Additionally, our business, operations or employees have been and could continue to be adversely affected (including by the need to de-consolidate or even exit certain businesses in particular countries) by geopolitical conflicts, political volatility, trade controls, labor market disruptions or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions. This could include political instability, upheaval or acts of war (such as the Russia-Ukraine War) and the related government and other entity responses, broad economic instability or sovereign risk related to a default by or deterioration in the creditworthiness of local governments, particularly in emerging markets. 
 Uncertain economic or social conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted by reduced demand for our products related to one or more significant local, regional or global economic or social disruptions. These disruptions have included and may in the future include: a slow-down, 

4 The Procter Gamble Company 

 recession or inflationary pressures in the general economy; reduced market growth rates; tighter credit markets for our suppliers, vendors or customers; a significant shift in government policies; significant social unrest; the deterioration of economic relations between countries or regions; potential negative consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources; or the inability to conduct day-to-day transactions through our financial intermediaries to pay funds to or collect funds from our customers, vendors and suppliers. Additionally, these and other economic conditions may cause our suppliers, distributors, contractors or other third-party partners to suffer financial or operational difficulties that they cannot overcome, resulting in their inability to provide us with the materials and services we need, in which case our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Customers may also suffer financial hardships due to economic conditions such that their accounts become uncollectible or are subject to longer collection cycles. In addition, if we are unable to generate sufficient sales, income and cash flow, it could affect the Company s ability to achieve expected share repurchase and dividend payments. 
 Disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit ratings may reduce our access to credit or overall liquidity. 
 A disruption in the credit markets or a downgrade of our current credit rating could increase our future borrowing costs and impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources or significantly increase our cost of capital. In addition, we rely on top-tier banking partners in key markets around the world, who themselves face economic, societal, political and other risks, for access to credit and to facilitate collection, payment and supply chain finance programs. A disruption to one or more of these top-tier partners could impact our ability to draw on existing credit facilities or otherwise adversely affect our cash flows or the cash flows of our customers and vendors. 
 Changing political and geopolitical conditions could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, as well as changing geopolitical conditions, may be difficult to predict and may adversely affect our business and financial results. Results of elections, referendums, sanctions or other political processes and pressures in certain markets in which our products are manufactured, sold or distributed could create uncertainty regarding how existing governmental policies, laws and regulations may change, including with respect to sanctions, taxes, tariffs, import and export controls and the general movement of goods, materials, services, capital, data and people between countries. The potential implications of such uncertainty, which include, among others, exchange rate fluctuations, new or increased tariffs, trade barriers and market contraction, could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and cash flows. 
 The Company operates a global business with sales, manufacturing, distribution and research and development organizations globally that contribute to our overall growth. If geopolitical tensions and trade controls were to increase or disrupt our business in markets where we have significant sales or operations, including disruptions due to governmental responses to such conflicts (such as the imposition of sanctions, retaliatory tariffs, increased business licensing requirements or limitations on profits), such disruptions could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine has adversely impacted and could continue to adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted, and the situation it generates may continue to negatively impact, our operations. Beginning in March 2022, the Company reduced its product portfolio, discontinued new capital investments and suspended media, advertising and promotional activity in Russia. Future impacts to the Company are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty as to how the overall situation will evolve. Within Ukraine, there is a possibility of physical damage and destruction of our two manufacturing facilities, our distribution centers or those of our customers. We may not be able to operate our manufacturing sites and source raw materials from our suppliers or ship finished products to our customers. Within Russia, we may reduce further or discontinue our operations due to sanctions and export controls and counter-sanctions, monetary, currency or payment controls, restrictions on access to financial institutions, supply and transportation challenges or other circumstances and considerations. Ultimately, these could result in loss of assets or impairments of our manufacturing plants and fixed assets or write-downs of other operating assets and working capital. 
 The war between Russia and Ukraine could also amplify or affect the other risk factors set forth in this Part I, Item 1A, including, but not limited to, foreign exchange volatility, disruptions to the financial and credit markets, energy supply and supply chain disruptions, increased risks of an information security or operational technology incident, cost fluctuations and commodity cost increases and increased costs to ensure compliance with global and local laws and regulations. The occurrence of any of these risks, combined with the increased impact from the war between Russia and Ukraine, could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 More broadly, there could be additional negative impacts to our net sales, earnings and cash flows should the situation worsen, including, among other potential impacts, economic recessions in certain neighboring countries or globally due to inflationary pressures, energy and supply chain cost increases or the geographic proximity of the war relative to the rest of Europe. 
 BUSINESS OPERATIONS RISKS 
 Our business results depend on our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain. 
 Our ability to meet our customers needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant 

The Procter Gamble Company 5 

 arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements, including for issues such as labor disputes or controversies, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, discontinuity or disruptions in our internal information and data systems or those of our suppliers, cybersecurity incidents, inability to procure sufficient raw or input materials (including water, recycled materials and materials that meet our labor standards), significant changes in trade policy, natural disasters, increasing severity or frequency of extreme weather events due to climate change or otherwise, acts of war or terrorism, disease outbreaks or other external factors over which we have no control, have at times interrupted and could, in the future, interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Our businesses face cost fluctuations and pressures that could affect our business results. 
 Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in the prices of commodities (including certain petroleum-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp) and raw and packaging materials and the costs of labor, transportation (including trucks and containers), energy, pension and healthcare. Inflation pressures could also result in increases in these input costs. Therefore, our business results depend, in part, on our continued ability to manage these fluctuations through pricing actions, cost saving projects and sourcing decisions, while maintaining and improving margins and market share. Failure to manage these fluctuations and to anticipate consumer reaction to our management of these fluctuations could adversely impact our results of operations or cash flows. 
 The ability to achieve our business objectives depends on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. 
 The consumer products industry is highly competitive. Across all of our categories, we compete against a wide variety of global and local competitors. As a result, we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining sales and profit margins. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, product delivery windows and trade terms. In addition, evolving sales channels and business models may affect customer and consumer preferences as well as market dynamics, which, for example, may be seen in the growing consumer preference for shopping online, ease of competitive entry into certain categories and growth in hard discounter channels. Failure to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends and effectively compete in growing sales channels and business models, particularly e-commerce and mobile or social commerce applications, could negatively impact our results of operations or cash flows. 
 A significant change in customer relationships or in customer demand for our products could have a significant impact on our business. 
 We sell most of our products via retail customers, which include mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. Our success depends on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and are aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. Continued concentration among our retail customers could create significant cost and margin pressure on our business, and our business performance could suffer if we cannot reach agreement with a key customer on trade terms and principles. Our business could also be negatively impacted if a key customer were to significantly reduce the inventory level of or shelf space allocated to our products as a result of increased offerings of other branded manufacturers, private label brands and generic non-branded products or for other reasons, significantly tighten product delivery windows or experience a significant business disruption. 
 If the reputation of the Company or one or more of our brands erodes significantly, it could have a material impact on our financial results. 
 The Company's reputation, and the reputation of our brands, form the foundation of our relationships with key stakeholders and other constituencies, including consumers, customers and suppliers. The quality and safety of our products are critical to our business. Many of our brands have worldwide recognition and our financial success directly depends on the success of our brands. The success of our brands can suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand's image or its ability to attract consumers. Our results of operations or cash flows could also be negatively impacted if the Company or one of our brands suffers substantial harm to its reputation due to a significant product recall, product-related litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients, negative perceptions of packaging (such as plastic and other petroleum-based materials), lack of recyclability or other environmental impacts, concerns about actual or alleged labor or equality and inclusion practices, privacy lapses or data breaches, allegations of product tampering or the distribution and sale of counterfeit products. Additionally, negative or inaccurate postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the Company or one of its brands could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or the Company. If we are unable to effectively manage real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, environmental or social impacts or similar matters, sentiments toward the Company or our products could be negatively impacted, and our results of operations or cash flows could suffer. Our Company also devotes time and resources to citizenship efforts that are consistent with our corporate values and are designed to strengthen our business and protect and preserve our reputation, including programs driving ethics and corporate responsibility, strong communities, equality and inclusion and environmental sustainability. While the Company has many programs and 

6 The Procter Gamble Company 

 initiatives to further these goals, our ability to achieve these goals is impacted in part by the actions and efforts of third parties including local and other governmental authorities, suppliers, vendors and customers. Consumer or broader stakeholder perceptions of these programs and initiatives widely vary and could adversely affect our business. If these programs are not executed as planned or suffer negative publicity, the Company's reputation and results of operations or cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk. 
 Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors, commercial banks, joint venture partners and external business partners, for certain functions. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the Company or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the Company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. 
 A significant information security or operational technology incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of one or more key information or operations technology systems, networks, hardware, processes and/or associated sites owned or operated by the Company or one of its service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business or reputation. 
 We rely extensively on information and operational technology (IT/OT) systems, networks and services, including internet and intranet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and technologies, physical security systems and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, many of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. The various uses of these IT/OT systems, networks and services include, but are not limited to: 
 ordering and managing materials from suppliers; 
 converting materials to finished products; 
 shipping products to customers; 
 marketing and selling products to consumers; 
 collecting, transferring, storing and/or processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data, including such data from persons covered by an expanding landscape of privacy and data regulations, such as citizens of the European Union who are covered by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), residents of California covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), citizens of China covered by the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) and citizens of Brazil covered by the General Personal Data Protection Law (LGPD); 
 summarizing and reporting results of operations, including financial reporting; 
 managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems and platforms; 
 hosting, processing and sharing, as appropriate, confidential and proprietary research, business plans and financial information; 
 collaborating via an online and efficient means of global business communications; 
 complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements; 
 providing data security; and 
 handling other processes necessary to manage our business. 
 Numerous and evolving information security threats, including advanced persistent cybersecurity threats, pose a risk to the security of our services, systems, networks and supply chain, as well as to the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data and of our critical business operations. In addition, because the techniques, tools and tactics used in cyber-attacks frequently change and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or fully mitigating harms after such an attack. 
 Our IT/OT databases and systems and our third-party providers databases and systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, social engineering, hacking and other cyber-attacks. Such attacks may originate from outside parties, hackers, criminal organizations or other threat actors, including nation states. In addition, insider actors - malicious or otherwise - could cause technical disruptions and/or confidential data leakage. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts or the security efforts of our third-party providers will prevent material breaches, operational incidents or other breakdowns to our or our third-party providers IT/OT databases or systems. 
 A breach of our data security systems or failure of our IT/OT databases and systems may have a material adverse impact on our business operations and financial results. If the IT/OT systems, networks or service providers we rely upon fail to function properly or cause operational outages or aberrations, or if we or one of our third-party providers suffer significant unavailability of key operations, or inadvertent disclosure of, lack of integrity of, or loss of our sensitive business or stakeholder information, 

The Procter Gamble Company 7 

 including personal information, due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, natural disasters, power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, improper data handling, viruses, phishing attempts, cyber-attacks, malware and ransomware attacks, security breaches, security incidents or employee error or malfeasance, and our business continuity plans do not effectively address these failures on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage operations and be exposed to reputational, competitive, operational, financial and business harm as well as litigation and regulatory action. If our critical IT systems or back-up systems or those of our third-party vendors are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them. 
 In addition, if a ransomware attack or other cybersecurity incident occurs, either internally or at our third-party technology service providers, we could be prevented from accessing our data or systems, which may cause interruptions or delays in our business operations, cause us to incur remediation costs, subject us to demands to pay a ransom or damage our reputation. In addition, such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or stakeholder information, including personal information, and we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated information belonging to us or to our partners, our employees, customers and suppliers. Additionally, we could be exposed to potential liability, litigation, governmental inquiries, investigations or regulatory enforcement actions; and we could be subject to payment of fines or other penalties, legal claims by our suppliers, customers or employees and significant remediation costs. 
 Periodically, we also upgrade our IT/OT systems or adopt new technologies. If such a new system or technology does not function properly or otherwise exposes us to increased cybersecurity breaches and failures, it could affect our ability to order materials, make and ship orders and process payments in addition to other operational and information integrity and loss issues. The costs and operational consequences of responding to the above items and implementing remediation measures could be significant and could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 
 We must successfully manage the demand, supply and operational challenges associated with the effects of any future disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns. 
 Our business may be negatively impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of a disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic or similar widespread public health concern. These impacts may include, but are not limited to: 
 Significant reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, which may be caused by, among other things: the temporary inability of consumers to purchase our products due to illness, quarantine or other travel restrictions or financial hardship, shifts in demand away from one or more of our more discretionary or higher priced products to lower priced products, or stockpiling or similar pantry-loading activity. If prolonged, such impacts can further increase the difficulty of business or operations planning and may adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows; or 
 Significant changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products, including quarantines, import/export restrictions, price controls, or governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees ability to travel or perform necessary business functions, or otherwise prevent our third-party partners, suppliers or customers from sufficiently staffing operations. 
 Despite efforts to manage and remedy these impacts, their ultimate impact also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any such outbreak as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. 
 BUSINESS STRATEGY ORGANIZATIONAL RISKS 
 Our ability to meet our growth targets depends on successful product, marketing and operations innovation and successful responses to competitive innovation, evolving digital marketing and selling platforms and changing consumer habits . 
 We are a consumer products company that relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. Achieving our business results depends, in part, on successfully developing, introducing and marketing new products and on making significant improvements to our equipment and manufacturing processes. The success of such innovation depends on our ability to correctly anticipate customer and consumer acceptance and trends, to obtain, maintain and enforce necessary intellectual property protections and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others and to continue to deliver efficient and effective marketing across evolving media and mobile platforms with dynamic and increasingly more restrictive privacy requirements. We must also successfully respond to technological advances made by, and intellectual property rights granted to, competitors, customers and vendors. Failure to continually innovate, improve and respond to competitive moves, platform evolution and changing consumer habits could compromise our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We must successfully manage ongoing acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. 
 As a company that manages a portfolio of consumer brands, our ongoing business model includes a certain level of acquisition, joint venture and divestiture activities. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of these activities, while at the same time delivering against our business objectives. Specifically, our financial results have been, and in the future could be, adversely impacted by the dilutive impacts from the loss of earnings associated with divested brands or dissolution of joint ventures. Our results of operations and cash flows have been, and in the future could also be, impacted by acquisitions or joint 

8 The Procter Gamble Company 

 venture activities, if: 1) changes in the cash flows or other market-based assumptions cause the value of acquired assets to fall below book value, or 2) we are not able to deliver the expected cost and growth synergies associated with such acquisitions and joint ventures, including as a result of integration and collaboration challenges, which could also result in an impairment of goodwill and intangible assets. 
 Our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change, including attracting and retaining key talent as part of our overall succession planning. 
 Our financial projections assume certain ongoing productivity improvements and cost savings, including staffing adjustments and employee departures. Failure to deliver these planned productivity improvements and cost savings, while continuing to invest in business growth, could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, successfully executing organizational change, management transitions at leadership levels of the Company and motivation and retention of key employees is critical to our business success. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers and availability of qualified individuals. Our success depends on identifying, developing and retaining key employees to provide uninterrupted leadership and direction for our business. This includes developing and retaining organizational capabilities in key growth markets where the depth of skilled or experienced employees may be limited and competition for these resources is intense as well as continuing the development and execution of robust leadership succession plans. 
 LEGAL REGULATORY RISKS 
 We must successfully manage compliance with current and expanding laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters in the U.S. and abroad. 
 Our business is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we do business, including those laws and regulations involving intellectual property, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or corporate responsibility for packaging and product disposal, marketing, antitrust and competition, privacy, data protection, environmental (including increasing focus on the climate, water and waste impacts of consumer packaged goods companies' operations and products), employment, healthcare, anti-bribery and anti-corruption (including interactions with health care professionals and government officials as well as corresponding internal controls and record-keeping requirements), trade (including tariffs, sanctions and export controls), tax, accounting and financial reporting or other matters. In addition, increasing governmental and societal attention to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence and disclosure on topics such as climate change, waste production, water usage, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters that we are required to control, assess and report. These and other rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations as well as increased enforcement actions by various governmental and regulatory agencies, create challenges for the Company, may alter the environment in which we do business, may increase the ongoing costs and complexities of compliance including by requiring investments in technology or other compliance systems, and may ultimately result in the need to cease manufacturing, sales or other business activities in certain jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to continue to meet these challenges and comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. Additionally, we are currently, and in the future may be, subject to a number of inquiries, investigations, claims, proceedings and requests for information from governmental agencies or private parties, the adverse outcomes of which could harm our business. Failure to successfully manage these new or pending regulatory and legal matters and resolve such matters without significant liability or damage to our reputation may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Furthermore, if new or pending legal or regulatory matters result in fines or costs in excess of the amounts accrued to date, that may also materially impact our results of operations and financial position. 
 Changes in applicable tax laws and regulations and resolutions of tax disputes could negatively affect our financial results. 
 The Company is subject to taxation in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Changes in the various tax laws can and do occur. For example, in December 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the U.S. Tax Act). The changes included in the U.S. Tax Act were broad and complex. Under the current U.S. presidential administration, comprehensive federal income tax reform has been proposed, including an increase in the U.S. Federal corporate income tax rate, elimination of certain investment incentives and an increase in U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings. While these proposals are controversial, likely to change during the legislative process and may prove difficult to enact as proposed in the current closely divided U.S. Congress, their impact could nonetheless be significant. 
 Additionally, longstanding international tax norms that determine each country s jurisdiction to tax cross-border international trade are subject to potential evolution. An outgrowth of the original Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) project is a project undertaken by the approximately 140 member countries of the expanded Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Inclusive Framework focused on "Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy." The breadth of this project extends beyond pure digital businesses and, as proposed, would likely impact a large portion of multinational businesses by potentially redefining jurisdictional taxation rights in market countries and establishing a global minimum tax. In December 2022, the European Union (EU) approved a directive requiring member states to incorporate a 15 global minimum tax into their respective domestic laws effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. In 

The Procter Gamble Company 9 

 addition, several non-EU countries have recently proposed and/or adopted legislation consistent with the global minimum tax framework. Important details of these minimum tax developments are still to be determined and, in some cases, enactment and timing remain uncertain. 
 While it is too early to assess the overall impact of these potential changes, as these and other tax laws and related regulations are revised, enacted and implemented, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially impacted. 
 Furthermore, we are subject to regular review and audit by both foreign and domestic tax authorities. While we believe our tax positions will be sustained, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, including maintaining our intended tax treatment of divestiture transactions such as the fiscal 2017 Beauty Brands transaction with Coty, may differ materially from the tax amounts recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 In the U.S., we own and operate 24 manufacturing sites located in 18 different states. In addition, we own and operate 80 manufacturing sites in 34 other countries. Many of the domestic and international sites manufacture products for multiple businesses. Beauty products are manufactured at 23 of these locations; Grooming products at 17; Health Care products at 20; Fabric Home Care products at 37; and Baby, Feminine Family Care products at 37. We own our Corporate headquarters in Cincinnati, Ohio. We own or lease our principal regional general offices in Switzerland, Panama, Singapore, China and the United Arab Emirates. We own or lease our principal regional shared service centers in Costa Rica, the United Kingdom and the Philippines. Management believes that the Company's sites are adequate to support the business and that the properties and equipment have been well maintained. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 The Company is subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a wide range of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental issues, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. In addition, SEC regulations require that we disclose certain environmental proceedings arising under Federal, State or local law when a governmental authority is a party and such proceeding involves potential monetary sanctions that the Company reasonably believes will exceed a certain threshold 1 million or more). There are no relevant matters to disclose under this Item for this period. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for information on certain legal proceedings for which there are contingencies. 
 This item should be read in conjunction with the Company's Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A for additional information. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 

10 The Procter Gamble Company 

 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The names, ages and positions held by the Executive Officers of the Company on August 4, 2023, are: 
 Name Position Age First Elected to Officer Position Jon R. Moeller Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 59 2009 (1) 
 Shailesh Jejurikar Chief Operating Officer 56 2018 (2) 
 Andre Schulten Chief Financial Officer 52 2021 (3) 
 Gary A. Coombe Chief Executive Officer - Grooming 59 2014 (4) 
 Jennifer L. Davis Chief Executive Officer - Health Care 52 2022 (5) 
 Ma. Fatima D. Francisco Chief Executive Officer - Baby, Feminine and Family Care and Executive Sponsor for Gender Equality 55 2018 (6) 
 R. Alexandra Keith Chief Executive Officer - Beauty and Executive Sponsor for Corporate Sustainability 55 2017 (7) 
 Sundar Raman Chief Executive Officer - Fabric and Home Care 48 2021 (8) 
 Victor Aguilar Chief Research, Development and Innovation Officer 56 2020 (9) 
 Marc S. Pritchard Chief Brand Officer 63 2008 (( 
 Balaji Purushothaman Chief Human Resources Officer 54 2023 (10) 
 Susan Street Whaley Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 49 2022 (11) 
 
 All the Executive Officers named above have been employed by the Company for more than the past five years. 
 (1) Mr. Moeller previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer (2021 - 2022), Vice Chairman, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer (2019 - 2021), Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer (2017 - 2019) and as Chief Financial Officer (2009 - 2017). 
 (2) Mr. Jejurikar previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Fabric and Home Care (2019 - 2021), President - Global Fabric, Home Care and P G Professional (2018 - 2019), and President - Global Fabric Care and Brand-Building Officer Global Fabric Home Care (2015 - 2018). 
 (3) Mr. Schulten previously served as Senior Vice President - Baby Care, North America (2018 - 2021) and Senior Vice President - Finance Accounting, Global Baby, Feminine and Family Care (2014 - 2018). 
 (4) Mr. Coombe previously served as President - Europe Selling Market Operations (2014 - 2018). 
 (5) Ms. Davis previously served as President - Feminine Care (2019 - 2022), President - Global Feminine Care (2018 - 2019), and Vice President - Feminine Care, North America and Brand Franchise Leader, Tampax (2016 - 2018). 
 (6) Ms. Francisco previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Baby and Feminine Care (2019 - 2021), President - Global Baby Care and Baby Feminine Care Sector (2018 - 2019), and President - Global Feminine Care (2015 - 2018). 
 (7) Ms. Keith previously served as Chief Executive Officer - Beauty (2017 - 2022). 
 (8) Mr. Raman previously served as President - Home Care and P G Professional (2020 - 2021), President - Fabric Care, North America and P G Professional (2019 - 2020), and Vice President - Fabric Care, North America (2015 - 2019). 
 (9) Mr. Aguilar previously served as Senior Vice President - Research Development, Corporate Function Research Development (2020), Senior Vice President - Research Development, Corporate Function Research Development and Global Fabric Care (2019), and Senior Vice President - Research Development Global Fabric Care; and Sector Leader, Research Development Global Fabric and Home Care (2014 - 2019). 
 (10) Mr. Purushothaman previously served as Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Global Total Rewards, Employee and Labor Relations and Corporate Services (2020 - 2022) and as Senior Vice President - Human Resources, Beauty, Grooming, and Family Care (2015 - 2020). 
 (11) Ms. Whaley previously served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel - North America, Practice Groups and Sector Business Units (2019 - 2022), and Vice President and General Counsel - North America, Global Go-To-Market and Practice Groups, and Global Business Units (2016 - 2019). 

The Procter Gamble Company 11 

 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Period Total Number of 
 Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (3) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under Our Share Repurchase Program 4/1/2023 - 4/30/2023 (3) 
 5/1/2023 - 5/31/2023 (3) 
 6/1/2023 - 6/30/2023 914,324 149.95 (3) 
 Total 914,324 149.95 (3) 
 
 (1) All transactions are reported on a trade date basis and were made in the open market with large financial institutions. This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy minimum tax withholding requirements on option exercises and other equity-based transactions. The Company administers cashless exercises through an independent third party and does not repurchase stock in connection with cashless exercises. 
 (2) Average price paid per share for open market transactions excludes commission. 
 (3) On April 21, 2023, the Company stated that in fiscal year 2023 the Company expected to reduce outstanding shares through direct share repurchases at a value of 7.4 to 8.0 billion, notwithstanding any purchases under the Company's compensation and benefit plans. The share repurchases were authorized pursuant to a resolution issued by the Company's Board of Directors and were financed through a combination of operating cash flows and issuance of debt. The total value of the shares purchased under the share repurchase plan was 7.4 billion. The share repurchase plan ended on June 30, 2023. 
 Additional information required by this item can be found in Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K. 
 SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE GRAPHS 
 Market and Dividend Information 
 P G has been paying a dividend for 133 consecutive years since its incorporation in 1890 and has increased its dividend for 67 consecutive years since 1956. Over the past ten years, the dividend has increased at an annual compound average rate of 5 . Nevertheless, as in the past, further dividends will be considered after reviewing dividend yields, profitability and cash flow expectations and financing needs and will be declared at the discretion of the Company's Board of Directors. 
 
 (in dollars; split-adjusted) 1956 1963 1973 1983 1993 2003 2013 2023 Dividends per share 0.01 0.02 0.05 0.14 0.28 0.82 2.29 3.68 

12 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Common Stock Information 
 P G trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the stock symbol PG. As of June 30, 2023, there were approximately five million common stock shareowners, including shareowners of record, participants in P G stock ownership plans and beneficial owners with accounts at banks and brokerage firms. 
 Shareholder Return 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total return of P G s common stock for the five-year period ended June 30, 2023, against the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Stock Index (broad market comparison) and the S P 500 Consumer Staples Index (line of business comparison). The graph and table assume 100 was invested on June 30, 2018, and that all dividends were reinvested. 
 
 Cumulative Value of 100 Investment, through June 30 Company Name/Index 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 P G 100 145 162 188 205 222 S P 500 100 110 119 167 149 179 S P 500 Consumer Staples 100 116 121 149 159 169 
 
 Item 6. Intentionally Omitted. 
 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without limitation, the following sections: Management's Discussion and Analysis, Risk Factors and "Notes 4, 8 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements." These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, future, opportunity, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 

The Procter Gamble Company 13 

 Risks and uncertainties to which our forward-looking statements are subject include, without limitation: (1) the ability to successfully manage global financial risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls and localized volatility; (2) the ability to successfully manage local, regional or global economic volatility, including reduced market growth rates, and to generate sufficient income and cash flow to allow the Company to effect the expected share repurchases and dividend payments; (3) the ability to manage disruptions in credit markets or to our banking partners or changes to our credit rating; (4) the ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements (including execution of supply chain optimizations and sole supplier and sole manufacturing plant arrangements) and to manage disruption of business due to various factors, including ones outside of our control, such as natural disasters, acts of war (including the Russia-Ukraine War) or terrorism or disease outbreaks; (5) the ability to successfully manage cost fluctuations and pressures, including prices of commodities and raw materials and costs of labor, transportation, energy, pension and healthcare; (6) the ability to stay on the leading edge of innovation, obtain necessary intellectual property protections and successfully respond to changing consumer habits, evolving digital marketing and selling platform requirements and technological advances attained by, and patents granted to, competitors; (7) the ability to compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing sales channels, including by successfully responding to competitive factors such as prices, promotional incentives and trade terms for products; (8) the ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships; (9) the ability to protect our reputation and brand equity by successfully managing real or perceived issues, including concerns about safety, quality, ingredients, efficacy, packaging content, supply chain practices or similar matters that may arise; (10) the ability to successfully manage the financial, legal, reputational and operational risk associated with third-party relationships, such as our suppliers, contract manufacturers, distributors, contractors and external business partners; (11) the ability to rely on and maintain key company and third-party information and operational technology systems, networks and services and maintain the security and functionality of such systems, networks and services and the data contained therein; (12) the ability to successfully manage uncertainties related to changing political and geopolitical conditions and potential implications such as exchange rate fluctuations and market contraction; (13) the ability to successfully manage current and expanding regulatory and legal requirements and matters (including, without limitation, those laws and regulations involving product liability, product and packaging composition, intellectual property, labor and employment, antitrust, privacy and data protection, tax, the environment, due diligence, risk oversight, accounting and financial reporting) and to resolve new and pending matters within current estimates; (14) the ability to manage changes in applicable tax laws and regulations; (15) the ability to successfully manage our ongoing acquisition, divestiture and joint venture activities, in each case to achieve the Company s overall business strategy and financial objectives, without impacting the delivery of base business objectives; (16) the ability to successfully achieve productivity improvements and cost savings and manage ongoing organizational changes while successfully identifying, developing and retaining key employees, including in key growth markets where the availability of skilled or experienced employees may be limited; (17) the ability to successfully manage the demand, supply and operational challenges, as well as governmental responses or mandates, associated with a disease outbreak, including epidemics, pandemics or similar widespread public health concerns; (18) the ability to manage the uncertainties, sanctions and economic effects from the war between Russia and Ukraine; and (19) the ability to successfully achieve our ambition of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions and delivering progress towards our environmental sustainability priorities. A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those projected herein is included in the section titled "Economic Conditions and Uncertainties" and the section titled "Risk Factors" (Part I, Item 1A) of this Form 10-K. 
 Purpose, Approach and Non-GAAP Measures 
 The purpose of Management's Discussion and Analysis (MD A) is to provide an understanding of Procter Gamble's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by focusing on changes in certain key measures from year to year. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes. The MD A is organized in the following sections: 
 Overview 
 Summary of 2023 Results 
 Economic Conditions and Uncertainties 
 Results of Operations 
 Segment Results 
 Cash Flow, Financial Condition and Liquidity 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Other Information 
 Throughout the MD A we refer to measures used by management to evaluate performance, including unit volume growth, net sales, net earnings, diluted net earnings per common share (diluted EPS) and operating cash flow. We also refer to a number of financial measures that are not defined under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (U.S. GAAP), consisting of organic sales growth, core earnings per share (Core EPS), adjusted free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow productivity. Organic sales growth is net sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. Core EPS is diluted EPS excluding certain items that are not judged by management to be part of the Company's sustainable results or trends. Adjusted free cash flow is operating cash flow less 

14 The Procter Gamble Company 

 capital spending and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow productivity is the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings excluding certain one-time items. We believe these m easures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends as well as insight to some of the metrics used to evaluate management. The explanation at the end of the MD A provides more details on the use and the derivation of these measures as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure. 
 Management also uses certain market share and market consumption estimates to evaluate performance relative to competition despite some limitations on the availability and comparability of share and consumption information. References to market share and consumption in the MD A are based on a combination of vendor-purchased traditional brick-and-mortar and online data in key markets as well as internal estimates. All market share references represent the percentage of sales of our products in dollar terms on a constant currency basis relative to all product sales in the category. The Company measures quarter and fiscal year-to-date market shares through the most recent period for which market share data is available, which typically reflects a lag time of one or two months as compared to the end of the reporting period. Management also uses unit volume growth to evaluate drivers of changes in net sales. Organic volume growth reflects year-over-year changes in unit volume excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and certain one-time items, if applicable, and is used to explain changes in organic sales. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Procter Gamble is a global leader in the fast-moving consumer goods industry, focused on providing branded consumer packaged goods of superior quality and value to our consumers around the world. Our products are sold in approximately 180 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to individual consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in approximately 70 countries. 
 Our market environment is highly competitive with global, regional and local competitors. In many of the markets and industry segments in which we sell our products, we compete against other branded products, as well as retailers' private-label brands. Additionally, many of the product segments in which we compete are differentiated by price tiers (referred to as super-premium, premium, mid-tier and value-tier products). We believe we are well positioned in the industry segments and markets in which we operate, often holding a leadership or significant market share position. 
 Organizational Structure 
 Our organizational structure is comprised of Sector Business Units (SBUs), Enterprise Markets (EMs), Corporate Functions (CF) and Global Business Services (GBS). 
 Sector Business Units 
 The Company's ten product categories are organized into five SBUs and five reportable segments (under U.S. GAAP): Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric Home Care; and Baby, Feminine Family Care. The SBUs are responsible for global brand strategy, product upgrades and innovation, marketing plans and supply chain. They have direct profit responsibility for markets (referred to as Focus Markets) representing the large majority of the Company's sales and earnings and are also responsible for innovation plans, supply plans and operating frameworks to drive growth and value creation in the remaining markets (referred to as Enterprise Markets). Throughout the MD A, we reference business results by region, which are comprised of North America, Europe, Greater China, Latin America, Asia Pacific and India, Middle East and Africa (IMEA). 

The Procter Gamble Company 15 

 The following provides additional detail on our reportable segments and the ten product categories and brand composition within each segment. Reportable Segments of 
 Net Sales (1) 
 of Net 
 Earnings (1) 
 Product Categories (Sub-Categories) Major Brands Beauty 18 21 Hair Care Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments 
 Head Shoulders, Herbal Essences, Pantene, Rejoice Skin and Personal Care Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Personal Cleansing, Skin Care 
 Olay, Old Spice, Safeguard, Secret, SK-II Grooming (2) 
 8 10 Grooming Appliances, Female Blades Razors, Male Blades Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Grooming 
 Braun, Gillette, Venus Health Care 14 14 Oral Care Toothbrushes, Toothpastes, Other Oral Care 
 Crest, Oral-B Personal Health Care Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief, Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care 
 Metamucil, Neurobion, Pepto-Bismol, Vicks Fabric Home Care 35 32 Fabric Care Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents 
 Ariel, Downy, Gain, Tide Home Care Air Care, Dish Care, P G Professional, Surface Care 
 Cascade, Dawn, Fairy, Febreze, Mr. Clean, Swiffer Baby, Feminine Family Care 25 23 Baby Care Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants 
 Luvs, Pampers Feminine Care Adult Incontinence, Feminine Care 
 Always, Always Discreet, Tampax Family Care Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper 
 Bounty, Charmin, Puffs 
 (1) Percent of Net sales and Net earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (excluding results held in Corporate). 
 (2) Effective July 1, 2022, the Grooming Sector Business Unit completed the full integration of its Shave Care and Appliances categories to cohesively serve consumers' grooming needs. This transition included the integration of the management team, strategic decision-making, innovation plans, financial targets, budgets and internal management reporting. 
 Organization Design: 
 Sector Business Units 
 Beauty: We are a global market leader amongst the beauty categories in which we compete, including hair care and skin and personal care. We are a global market leader in the retail hair care market with nearly 20 global market share primarily behind our Pantene and Head Shoulders brands. In skin and personal care, we offer a wide variety of products, ranging from deodorants to personal cleansing to skin care, such as our Olay brand, which is one of the top facial skin care brands in the world with nearly 5 global market share. 
 Grooming: We are the global market leader in the blades and razors market. Our global blades and razors market share is more than 60 , primarily behind our Gillette and Venus brands. Our appliances, such as electric shavers and epilators, are sold primarily under the Braun brand in a number of markets around the world where we compete against both global and regional competitors. We hold nearly 25 of the male electric shavers market and over 50 of the female epilators market. 
 Health Care: We compete in oral care and personal health care. In oral care, there are several global competitors in the market, and we have the number two market share position with nearly 20 global market share behind our Crest and Oral-B brands. In personal health care, we are a global market leader among the categories in which we compete, including respiratory treatments, digestive wellness, vitamins and analgesics behind our Vicks, Metamucil, Pepto-Bismol and Neurobion brands. 
 Fabric Home Care: This segment is comprised of a variety of fabric care products, including laundry detergents, additives and fabric enhancers; and home care products, including dishwashing liquids and detergents, surface cleaners and air fresheners. In fabric care, we generally have the number one or number two market share position in the markets in which we compete and are the global market leader with over 35 global market share, primarily behind our Tide, Ariel and Downy brands. Our global home care market share is about 25 across the categories in which we compete, primarily behind our Cascade, Dawn, Febreze and Swiffer brands. 
 Baby, Feminine Family Care: In baby care, we are a global market leader and compete mainly in taped diapers, pants and baby wipes, with more than 20 global market share. We have the number one or number two market share position in the markets in which we compete, primarily behind our Pampers brand. We are a global market leader in the feminine care category with over 25 global market share, primarily behind our Always and Tampax brands. We also compete in the adult incontinence category in certain markets behind Always Discreet, with over 10 market share in the key markets in which we compete. Our family care business is predominantly a North American business comprised primarily of the Bounty paper towel and Charmin toilet paper brands. North America market shares are over 40 for Bounty and over 25 for Charmin. 

16 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Enterprise Markets 
 Enterprise Markets are responsible for sales and profit delivery in specific countries, supported by SBU-agreed innovation and supply chain plans, along with scaled services like planning, distribution and customer management. 
 Corporate Functions 
 Corporate Functions provides company-level strategy and portfolio analysis, corporate accounting, treasury, tax, external relations, governance, human resources, information technology and legal services. 
 Global Business Services 
 Global Business Services provides scaled services in technology, process and data tools to enable the SBUs, the EMs and CF to better serve consumers and customers. The GBS organization is responsible for providing world-class services and solutions that drive value for P G. 
 Strategic Focus 
 Procter Gamble aspires to serve the world s consumers better than our best competitors in every category and in every country in which we compete and, as a result, deliver total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. Delivering and sustaining leadership levels of shareholder value creation requires balanced top- and bottom-line growth and strong cash generation. 
 The Company competes in daily-use product categories where performance plays a significant role in the consumer's choice of brands, and therefore, play to P G's strengths. Our focused portfolio of businesses consists of ten product categories where P G has leading market positions, strong brands and consumer-meaningful product technologies. 
 Within these categories, our strategic choices are focused on delighting and winning with consumers. Our consumers are at the center of everything we do. We win with consumers by delivering irresistible superiority across five key vectors - product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail execution and value. Winning with consumers around the world and against our best competitors requires superior innovation. Innovation has always been, and continues to be, P G s lifeblood. Superior products delivered with superior execution drive market growth, value creation for retailers and build share growth for P G. 
 Ongoing productivity improvement is crucial to delivering our balanced top- and bottom-line growth, cash generation and value creation objectives. Productivity improvement enables investments to strengthen the superiority of our brands via product and packaging innovation, more efficient and effective supply chains, equity and awareness-building brand advertising and other programs and expansion of sales coverage and R D programs. Productivity improvements also enable us to mitigate challenging cost environments (including periods of increasing commodity and negative foreign exchange impacts). Our objective is to drive productivity improvements across all elements of the statement of earnings and balance sheet, including cost of goods sold, marketing and promotional spending, overhead costs and capital spending. 
 We act with agility and are constructively disrupting our highly competitive industry and the way we do business, including how we innovate, communicate and leverage new technologies, to create more value. 
 We are improving operational effectiveness and organizational culture through enhanced clarity of roles and responsibilities, accountability and incentive compensation programs. 
 Additionally, within this strategy of superiority, productivity, constructive disruption and organization, we have declared four focus areas to strengthen our performance going forward. These are 1) leveraging environmental sustainability as an additional driver of superior performing products and packaging innovations, 2) increasing digital acumen to drive consumer and customer preference, reduce cost and enable rapid and efficient decision making, 3) developing next-level supply chain capabilities to enable flexibility, agility, resilience and a new level of productivity and 4) delivering employee value equation for all gender identities, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, ages and abilities for all roles to ensure we continue to attract, retain and develop the best talent. 
 We believe this strategy is right for the long-term health of the Company and our objective of delivering total shareholder return in the top one-third of our peer group. 
 The Company expects the delivery of the following long-term growth algorithm will result in total shareholder returns in the top third of the competitive, fast-moving consumer goods peer group: 
 Organic sales growth above market growth rates in the categories and geographies in which we compete; 
 Core EPS growth of mid-to-high single digits; and 
 Adjusted free cash flow productivity of 90 or greater. 
 While periods of significant macroeconomic pressures may cause short-term results to deviate from the long-term growth algorithm, we intend to maintain a disciplined approach to investing in our business. 

The Procter Gamble Company 17 

 SUMMARY OF 2023 RESULTS Amounts in millions, except per share amounts 2023 2022 Change vs. Prior Year Net sales 82,006 80,187 2 Operating income 18,134 17,813 2 Net earnings 14,738 14,793 Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble 14,653 14,742 (1) Diluted net earnings per common share 5.90 5.81 2 Core earnings per share 5.90 5.81 2 Cash flow from operating activities 16,848 16,723 1 
 Net sales increased 2 to 82.0 billion versus the prior year. The net sales growth was driven by a mid-single-digit increase in Health Care, low single-digit increases in Fabric Home Care, Baby, Feminine Family Care and Beauty, partially offset by a low single-digit decrease in Grooming. Organic sales, which excludes the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, increased 7 . Organic sales increased high single digits in Health Care and Fabric Home Care and mid-single digits in Baby, Feminine Family Care, Beauty and Grooming. 
 Operating income increased 321 million, or 2 , to 18.1 billion versus year ago due to the increase in net sales, partially offset by a modest decrease in operating margin. 
 Net earnings decreased modestly by 55 million to 14.7 billion versus year ago as the increase in operating income was more than fully offset by a higher effective tax rate. Foreign exchange impacts reduced net earnings by approximately 1.4 billion . 
 Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble decreased 89 million, or 1 , to 14.7 billion versus the prior year due primarily to the decrease in net earnings. 
 Diluted EPS increased 2 to 5.90 as the decrease in net earnings was more than offset by a reduction in shares outstanding. 
 Cash flow from operating activities was 16.8 billion. 
 Adjusted free cash flow, which is operating cash flow less capital expenditures and certain other impacts, was 14.0 billion. 
 Adjusted free cash flow productivity, which is the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings, was 95 . 
 
 ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 We discuss expectations regarding future performance, events and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives, in annual and quarterly reports, press releases and other written and oral communications. All such statements, except for historical and present factual information, are "forward-looking statements" and are based on financial data and our business plans available only as of the time the statements are made, which may become out-of-date or incomplete. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or other factors, except as required by law. Forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and investors must recognize that events could be significantly different from our expectations. For more information on risk factors that could impact our results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 Global Economic Conditions. Our products are sold in numerous countries across North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia and Africa, with more than half our sales generated outside the United States. Our largest international markets are Greater China, the United Kingdom, Canada, Japan and Germany and collectively comprise more than 20 of our net sales in fiscal 2023. As such, we are exposed to and impacted by global macroeconomic factors, geopolitical tensions, U.S. and foreign government policies and foreign exchange fluctuations. We are also exposed to market risks from operating in challenging environments including unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues and currency controls or fluctuations. These risks can reduce our net sales or erode our operating margins and consequently reduce our net earnings and cash flows. 
 Changes in Costs. Our costs are subject to fluctuations, particularly due to changes in commodity and input material prices, transportation costs, other broader inflationary impacts and our own productivity efforts. We have significant exposures to certain commodities and input materials, in particular certain oil-derived materials like resins and paper-based materials like pulp. Volatility in the market price of these commodities and input materials has a direct impact on our costs. Disruptions in our manufacturing, supply and distribution operations due to energy shortages, natural disasters, labor or freight constraints have impacted our costs and could do so in the future. New or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could also result in increased costs due to higher material costs and investments in facilities and equipment. We strive to implement, achieve and sustain cost improvement plans, including supply chain optimization and general overhead and workforce optimization. Increased pricing in response to certain inflationary or cost increases may also offset portions of the cost impacts; however, such price increases may impact product consumption. If we are unable to manage cost impacts through pricing actions and consistent productivity improvements, it may adversely impact our net sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows. 

18 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Foreign Exchange. We have significant translation and transaction exposure to the fluctuation of exchange rates. Translation exposures relate to exchange rate impacts of measuring income statements of foreign subsidiaries that do not use the U.S. dollar as their functional currency. Transaction exposures relate to 1) the impact from input costs that are denominated in a currency other than the local reporting currency and 2) the revaluation of transaction-related working capital balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. In the past three years, weakening of certain foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar has resulted in significant foreign exchange impacts leading to lower net sales, net earnings and cash flows. Certain countries that recently had and are currently experiencing significant exchange rate fluctuations include Argentina, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Japan, Russia and Turkey. These fluctuations have significantly impacted our historical net sales, net earnings and cash flows and could do so in the future. Increased pricing in response to certain fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may offset portions of the currency impacts but could also have a negative impact on the consumption of our products, which would negatively affect our net sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows. 
 Government Policies. Our net sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows could be affected by changes in U.S. or foreign government legislative, regulatory or enforcement policies. For example, our net earnings and cash flows could be affected by any future legislative or regulatory changes in U.S. or non-U.S. tax policy, including changes resulting from the current work being led by the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework focused on "Addressing the Challenges of the Digitalization of the Economy." The breadth of the OECD project extends beyond pure digital businesses and, as proposed, is likely to impact most large multinational businesses by both redefining jurisdictional taxation rights and establishing a 15 global minimum tax. Our net sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows may also be impacted by changes in U.S. and foreign government policies related to environmental and climate change matters. Additionally, we attempt to carefully manage our debt, currency and other exposures in certain countries with currency exchange, import authorization and pricing controls, such as Egypt, Argentina and Pakistan. Further, our net sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows could be affected by changes to international trade agreements in North America and elsewhere. Changes in government policies in the above areas might cause an increase or decrease in our net sales, gross margin, operating margin, net earnings and cash flows. 
 Russia-Ukraine War . The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively impacted our operations. Our Ukraine business includes two manufacturing sites and accounted for less than 1 of consolidated net sales and consolidated net earnings in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Net assets of our Ukraine business accounted for less than 1 of consolidated net assets as of June 30, 2023. Our Russia business includes two manufacturing sites. Beginning in March 2022, the Company reduced its product portfolio, discontinued new capital investments and suspended media, advertising and promotional activity in Russia. The Russia business accounted for approximately 2 of consolidated net sales and consolidated net earnings in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Net assets of our Russia business accounted for less than 2 of consolidated net assets as of June 30, 2023. 
 Future impacts to the Company are difficult to predict due to the high level of uncertainty related to the war's duration, evolution and ultimate resolution. Within Ukraine, there is a possibility of physical damage and destruction of our two manufacturing facilities. We may not be able to operate our manufacturing sites and source raw materials from our suppliers or ship finished products to our customers. 
 Within Russia, we may not be able to continue our reduced operations at current levels due to sanctions and counter-sanctions, monetary, currency or payment controls, legislative restrictions or policies, restrictions on access to financial institutions and supply and transportation challenges. Our suppliers, distributors and retail customers are also impacted by the war and their ability to successfully maintain their operations could also impact our operations or negatively impact the sales of our products. 
 More broadly, there could be additional negative impacts to our net sales, earnings and cash flows should the situation escalate beyond its current scope, including, among other potential impacts, economic recessions in certain neighboring countries or globally due to inflationary pressures and supply chain cost increases or the geographic proximity of the war relative to the rest of Europe. 
 For additional information on risk factors that could impact our business results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The key metrics included in the discussion of our consolidated results of operations include net sales, gross margin, selling, general and administrative costs (SG A), operating margin, other non-operating items, income taxes and net earnings. The primary factors driving year-over-year changes in net sales include overall market growth in the categories in which we compete, product initiatives, competitive activities (the level of initiatives, pricing and other activities by competitors), marketing spending, retail executions (both in-store and online) and acquisition and divestiture activity, all of which drive changes in our underlying unit volume, as well as our pricing actions (which can also impact volume), changes in product and geographic mix and foreign exchange impacts on sales outside the U.S. 
 For most of our categories, our cost of products sold and SG A are variable in nature to some extent. Accordingly, our discussion of these operating costs focuses primarily on relative margins rather than the absolute year-over-year changes in total costs. The primary drivers of changes in gross margin are input costs (energy and other commodities), pricing impacts, geographic mix (for example, gross margins in North America are generally higher than the Company average for similar products), product mix (for example, the Beauty segment has higher gross margins than the Company average), foreign 

The Procter Gamble Company 19 

 exchange rate fluctuations (in situations where certain input costs may be tied to a different functional currency than the underlying sales), the impacts of manufacturing savings projects and reinvestments (for example, product or package improvements) and, to a lesser extent, scale impacts (for costs that are fixed or less variable in nature). The primary components of SG A are marketing-related costs and non-manufacturing overhead costs. Marketing-related costs are primarily variable in nature, although we may achieve some level of scale benefit over time due to overall growth and other marketing efficiencies. While overhead costs are variable to some extent, we generally experience more scale-related impacts for these costs due to our ability to leverage our organization and systems' infrastructures to support business growth. The main drivers of changes in SG A as a percentage of net sales are overhead and marketing cost savings, reinvestments (for example, increased advertising), inflation, foreign exchange fluctuations and scale impacts. 
 For a detailed discussion of the fiscal 2022 year-over-year changes, please refer to the MD A in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 . 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales increased 2 to 82.0 billion in fiscal 2023. The increase in net sales was driven by higher pricing of 9 and a favorable mix of 1 , partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 5 and a 3 decrease in unit volume versus the prior year. Favorable mix was driven by a higher proportion of sales in North America (with higher than Company-average selling prices) and decline in Europe (with lower than Company-average selling prices). Excluding the impacts of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales grew 7 . 
 Net sales increased mid-single digits in Health Care, increased low single digits in Fabric Home Care, Baby, Feminine Family Care and Beauty and decreased low single digits in Grooming. On a regional basis, volume decreased double digits in Europe, mid-single digits in Greater China and low single digits in Asia Pacific, IMEA and North America. Volume increased low single digits in Latin America. 
 Operating Costs Comparisons as a percentage of net sales; fiscal years ended June 30 2023 2022 Basis Point Change Gross margin 47.9 47.4 50 bps Selling, general and administrative expense 25.7 25.2 50 bps Operating margin 22.1 22.2 (10) bps Earnings before income taxes 22.4 22.4 0 bps Net earnings 18.0 18.4 (40) bps Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble 17.9 18.4 (50) bps 
 Gross margin increased 50 basis points to 47.9 of net sales. The increase in gross margin was due to: 
 a 430 basis-point increase from higher pricing and 
 a 150 basis-point increase from manufacturing productivity savings. 
 These increases were partially offset by 
 320 basis points of increased commodity and input material costs, 
 a 110 basis-point decline from unfavorable mix due to the launch and growth of premium products (which have lower than Company-average gross margins) and the disproportionate decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, 
 a 50 basis-point decline from unfavorable foreign exchange impacts, 
 30 basis points due to capacity start-up costs and other manufacturing impacts and 
 20 basis points of product and packaging investments. 
 Total SG A increased 4 to 21.1 billion due primarily to an increase in overhead costs and other net operating costs. SG A as a percentage of net sales increased 50 basis points to 25.7 due to an increase in overhead and other net operating costs as a percentage of net sales, partially offset by a decrease in marketing spending as a percentage of net sales. 
 Marketing spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 40 basis points due to the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and increased productivity savings, partially offset by increased media reinvestments. 
 Overhead costs as a percentage of net sales increased 40 basis points due to wage inflation and other cost increases, partially offset by the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and productivity savings. 
 Other net operating expenses as a percentage of net sales increased 60 basis points due primarily to higher foreign exchange transactional charges. 
 Productivity-driven cost savings delivered 90 basis points of benefit to SG A as a percentage of net sales. 
 Operating margin decreased 10 basis points to 22.1 as the increase in gross margin was more than fully offset by the increase in SG A as a percentage of net sales as discussed above. 

20 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Non-Operating Items 
 Interest expense was 756 million, an increase of 317 million versus the prior year due to higher interest rates and an increase in short-term debt in the current year. 
 Interest income was 307 million, an increase of 256 million versus the prior year due to higher interest rates. 
 Other non-operating income increased 98 million to 668 million due primarily to a prior year unrealized loss on equity investments and a current year gain on divestiture of minor brands. 
 Income Taxes 
 The effective tax rate increased 190 basis points versus the prior year period to 19.7 d ue to: 
 a 100 basis-point increase from lower excess tax benefits of share-based compensation, 
 a 50 basis-point increase from discrete impacts related to uncertain tax positions and 
 a 40 basis-point increase primarily from lower current year deductions for foreign-derived intangible income versus prior year. 
 Net Earnings 
 Operating income increased 321 million, or 2 , to 18.1 billion due to the increase in net sales, partially offset by a modest decrease in operating margin, both of which are discussed above. 
 Earnings before income taxes increased 358 million, or 2 , to 18.4 billion due primarily to the increase in operating income . Net earnings declined modestly by 55 million to 14.7 billion due to the increase in earnings before income taxes, more than fully offset by the increase in the effective income tax rate discussed above. Foreign exchange impacts reduced net earnings by approximately 1.4 billion due to a weakening of certain currencies against the U.S. dollar. This impact includes both transactional charges and translational impacts from converting earnings from foreign subsidiaries to U.S. dollars. 
 Net earnings attributable to Procter Gamble decreased 89 million, or 1 , to 14.7 billion. 
 Diluted EPS increased 0.09, or 2 , to 5.90 as the decrease in net earnings was more than fully offset by a reduction in shares outstanding. 
 
 SEGMENT RESULTS 
 Segment results reflect information on the same basis we use for internal management reporting and performance evaluation. The results of these reportable segments do not include certain non-business unit specific costs which are reported in our Corporate segment and are included as part of our Corporate segment discussion. Additionally, we apply blended statutory tax rates in the segments. Eliminations to adjust segment results to arrive at our consolidated effective tax rate are included in Corporate. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on items included in the Corporate segment. 
 Net Sales Change Drivers 2023 vs. 2022 (1) 
 Volume with Acquisitions Divestitures Volume Excluding Acquisitions Divestitures Foreign Exchange Price Mix Other (2) 
 Net Sales Growth Beauty (1) (2) (5) 8 (1) 1 2 Grooming (3) (3) (7) 9 (2) (3) Health Care (1) (1) (4) 5 4 4 Fabric Home Care (4) (4) (5) 11 1 3 Baby, Feminine Family Care (3) (3) (4) 8 1 2 TOTAL COMPANY (3) (3) (5) 9 1 2 
 (1) Net sales percentage changes are approximations based on quantitative formulas that are consistently applied. 
 (2) Other includes the sales mix impact from acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile volume to net sales. 
 BEAUTY 
 millions) 2023 2022 Change vs. 2022 Volume N/A N/A (1) Net sales 15,008 14,740 2 Net earnings 3,178 3,160 1 of net sales 21.2 21.4 (20) bps 
 Beauty net sales increased 2 to 15.0 billion as the positive impacts of higher pricing of 8 and benefit from acquisitions of 1 were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 5 , unfavorable mix of 1 (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand, which has higher than segment-average selling prices) and a 1 decrease in unit volume. 

The Procter Gamble Company 21 

 Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 6 . Global market share of the Beauty segment increased 0.3 points. 
 Hair Care net sales increased low single digits. Positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by all regions) and benefit from acquisitions were partially offset by the negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange and a decrease in unit volume. Mix had a neutral impact on net sales. The volume decrease was driven primarily by declines in Europe (due to portfolio reduction in Russia and increased pricing), Greater China (due to market contraction and pandemic-related disruptions) and Asia Pacific (due to increased pricing). Organic sales increased high single digits driven by 20 growth in Latin America and double-digit growth in Europe and North America, partially offset by a mid-single-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the hair care category decreased more than half a point. 
 Skin and Personal Care net sales increased low single digits. Positive impacts of higher pricing (across all regions), a unit volume increase and a benefit from acquisitions were partially offset by the negative impacts from unfavorable mix (due primarily to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand) and unfavorable foreign exchange. The volume increase was driven primarily by growth in North America, Latin America and Greater China (all due to innovation), partially offset by a decline in Asia Pacific (due to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand in the travel retail channel). Organic sales increased mid-single digits as more than 20 increases in Latin America and Europe and a double-digit increase in North America were partially offset by a double-digit decrease in Asia Pacific. Global market share of the skin and personal care category increased nearly a point. 
 Net earnings increased 1 to 3.2 billion due to the increase in net sales, partially offset by a 20 basis-point decrease in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin decreased due to a reduction in gross margin, partially offset by a reduction in SG A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin reduction was driven by negative product mix (due to the decline of the super-premium SK-II brand), increased commodity costs and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by increased pricing. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased primarily due to a decrease in marketing spending. 
 GROOMING 
 millions) 2023 2022 Change vs. 2022 Volume N/A N/A (3) Net sales 6,419 6,587 (3) Net earnings 1,461 1,490 (2) of net sales 22.8 22.6 20 bps 
 Grooming net sales decreased 3 to 6.4 billion driven by unfavorable foreign exchange of 7 , a 3 decrease in unit volume and unfavorable mix of 2 (due to decline of appliances, which have higher than segment-average selling prices), partially offset by higher pricing of 9 (driven by all regions). The volume decrease was primarily driven by decreases in Europe (due to portfolio reduction in Russia and increased pricing) and North America (due to market contraction and increased pricing). Excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures and foreign exchange, organic sales increased 5 driven by growth in all regions led by a more than 20 growth in Latin America and a double-digit growth in Asia Pacific. Global market share of the Grooming segment increased 1 point. 
 Net earnings decreased 2 to 1.5 billion due to the decrease in net sales, partially offset by a 20 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased as a decrease in gross margin was more than fully offset by a decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin decrease was driven by unfavorable product mix (due to a disproportionate decline of higher gross margin appliances such as premium shavers), commodity cost increases and unfavorable foreign exchange, partially offset by higher pricing and productivity savings. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due primarily to a decrease in marketing spending. 
 HEALTH CARE 
 millions) 2023 2022 Change vs. 2022 Volume N/A N/A (1) Net sales 11,226 10,824 4 Net earnings 2,125 2,006 6 of net sales 18.9 18.5 40 bps 
 Health Care net sales increased 4 to 11.2 billion driven by higher pricing of 5 and favorable mix of 4 (due to growth in North America and the Personal Health Care category, both of which have higher than segment-average selling prices), partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 4 and a 1 decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 8 . Global market share of the Health Care segment decreased 0.2 points. 

22 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Oral Care net sales decreased low single digits. Negative impacts of unfavorable foreign exchange and a unit volume decrease were partially offset by increased pricing (driven primarily by North America and Europe) and favorable premium product mix. Volume decline was primarily driven by Europe (due to portfolio reduction in Russia and increased pricing), North America (due to increased pricing) and Greater China (due to market contraction, especially in the power brush market). Organic sales increased low single digits driven by a more than 20 growth in Latin America and a low single-digit growth in North America. Global market share of the oral care category was unchanged. 
 Personal Health Care net sales increased double digits. Positive impacts of favorable mix (due to the disproportionate growth of North America and respiratory products, both of which have higher than category-average selling prices), higher pricing (driven primarily by North America, Europe and Latin America) and a unit volume increase were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange. Volume increase was primarily driven by growth in North America (due to innovation and a stronger respiratory season) and Latin America, partially offset by a decline in IMEA (versus a prior year impacted by pandemic-related consumption increases in certain markets). Organic sales increased mid-teens driven by a high teens increase in North America, a mid-teens increase in Europe and a low teens increase in Latin America. Global market share of the personal health care category was unchanged. 
 Net earnings increased 6 to 2.1 billion due to the increase in net sales and a 40 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased as a decrease in gross margin was more than fully offset by a decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales. The decrease in gross margin was driven by unfavorable product mix (due to the growth of products such as manual brushes, which have lower gross margins) and increased commodity and input material costs, partially offset by increased pricing. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to the positive scale impacts of the net sales increase and lower marketing spending, partially offset by increased overhead spending. 
 FABRIC HOME CARE 
 millions) 2023 2022 Change vs. 2022 Volume N/A N/A (4) Net sales 28,371 27,556 3 Net earnings 4,828 4,386 10 of net sales 17.0 15.9 110 bps 
 Fabric Home Care net sales increased 3 to 28.4 billion driven by higher pricing of 11 and favorable mix of 1 (due to a disproportionate volume decline in Europe, which has lower than segment-average selling prices), partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 5 and a 4 decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 8 . Global market share of the Fabric Home Care segment was unchanged. 
 Fabric Care net sales increased low single digits. Positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by all regions) and favorable geographic mix (due to decline in Europe, which has lower than category-average selling prices) were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and a decrease in unit volume. The volume decrease was primarily driven by declines in Europe (due to increased pricing and portfolio reduction in Russia), North America (due to increased pricing and market contraction) and Greater China (due to portfolio reductions and market contraction). Organic sales increased high single digits driven by more than 20 increases in Latin America and IMEA, high single-digit increases in Asia Pacific and Europe and a low single-digit increase in North America. Global market share of the fabric care category decreased nearly a point. 
 Home Care net sales increased mid-single digits. Positive impacts of higher pricing (driven primarily by Europe and North America) and favorable product mix were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and a decrease in unit volume. The volume decrease was driven by declines in Europe (due to market contraction and increased pricing) and North America (due to market contraction). Organic sales increased high single digits driven by a mid-teens growth in Europe and a high single-digit growth in North America. Global market share of the home care category increased more than a point. 
 Net earnings increased 10 to 4.8 billion due to the increase in net sales and a 110 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased due to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by an increase in SG A as a percentage of net sales. The gross margin increase was driven by increased pricing, partially offset by an increase in commodity and input material costs, unfavorable foreign exchange and unfavorable product mix. SG A as a percentage of net sales increased due to an increase in media spending, partially offset by the positive scale effects of the net sales increase. 

The Procter Gamble Company 23 

 BABY, FEMININE FAMILY CARE 
 millions) 2023 2022 Change vs. 2022 Volume N/A N/A (3) Net sales 20,217 19,736 2 Net earnings 3,545 3,266 9 of net sales 17.5 16.5 100 bps 
 Baby, Feminine Family Care net sales increased 2 to 20.2 billion as the positive impacts of higher pricing of 8 and favorable mix of 1 (due to a higher proportion of sales in North America, which has higher than segment-average selling prices) were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange of 4 and a 3 decrease in unit volume. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and acquisitions and divestitures, organic sales increased 6 . Global market share of the Baby, Feminine Family Care segment was unchanged. 
 Baby Care net sales decreased low single digits. Negative impacts of a decrease in unit volume and unfavorable foreign exchange were partially offset by higher pricing (across all regions) and favorable product and geographic mix (due to a higher proportion of sales in North America). The volume decrease was driven primarily by declines in Europe (due to increased pricing and portfolio reduction in Russia), North America (due to increased pricing) and Greater China. Organic sales increased mid-single digits driven by a more than 30 growth in Latin America, high single-digit growth in IMEA and mid-single-digit growth in North America and Europe, partially offset by a double-digit decline in Greater China. Global market share of the baby care category was unchanged. 
 Feminine Care net sales increased mid-single digits. Positive impacts of higher pricing (driven by all regions) and favorable product and geographic mix (due to a decline in Europe, which has lower than category-average selling prices) were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange and a decrease in unit volume. The volume decrease was driven primarily by declines in Europe (due to portfolio reduction in Russia and increased pricing) and IMEA (due to increased pricing). Organic sales increased double digits driven by growth in all regions led by a mid-teens increase in Europe and a double-digit increase in North America. Market share of the feminine care category increased nearly half a point. 
 Net sales in Family Care, which is predominantly a North American business, increased low single digits driven by higher pricing. Unit volume had a neutral impact on net sales. Organic sales increased mid-single digits. North America's share of the family care category decreased nearly half a point. 
 Net earnings increased 9 to 3.5 billion due to the increase in net sales and a 100 basis-point increase in net earnings margin. Net earnings margin increased primarily due to an increase in gross margin and a modest decrease in SG A as a percentage of net sales. Gross margin increased due to increased pricing, partially offset by an increase in commodity and input material costs. SG A as a percentage of net sales decreased due to the positive scale effects of the net sales increase partially offset by an increase in other operating expense. 
 CORPORATE 
 millions) 2023 2022 Change vs. 2022 Net sales 765 744 3 Net earnings/(loss) (399) 485 N/A 
 Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities not allocated to specific business segments. These include but are not limited to incidental businesses managed at the corporate level, gains and losses related to certain divested brands or businesses, impacts from various financing and investing activities, impacts related to employee benefits, asset impairments and restructuring activities including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Corporate also includes reconciling items to adjust the accounting policies used within the reportable segments to U.S. GAAP. The most notable ongoing reconciling item is income taxes, which adjusts the blended statutory rates that are reflected in the reportable segments to the overall Company effective tax rate. 
 Corporate net sales increased 3 to 765 million due to an increase in net sales of the incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Corporate net earnings decreased 884 million to a loss of 399 million primarily due to higher interest expense, lower excess tax benefits of share-based compensation and higher foreign exchange transactional charges, partially offset by the increase in net sales of the incidental businesses and higher interest income. 
 Restructuring Program to Deliver Productivity and Cost Savings 
 The Company has historically had an ongoing restructuring program with annual spending in the range of 250 to 500 million. Savings generated from the Company's restructuring program are difficult to estimate, given the nature of the activities, the timing of the execution and the degree of reinvestment. In fiscal 2023, the Company incurred before tax restructuring costs within the range of our historical annual ongoing level of 250 to 500 million. 

24 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Restructuring accruals of 174 million as of June 30, 2023, are classified as current liabilities. Approximately 87 of the restructuring charges incurred in fiscal 2023 either have been or will be settled with cash. Consistent with our policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, the resulting charges are funded by and included within Corporate for segment reporting. 
 In addition to our restructuring programs, we have additional ongoing savings efforts in our supply chain, marketing and overhead areas that yield additional benefits to our operating margins. 
 
 CASH FLOW, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 We believe our financial condition continues to be of high quality, as evidenced by our ability to generate substantial cash from operations and to readily access capital markets at competitive rates. 
 Operating cash flow provides the primary source of cash to fund operating needs and capital expenditures. Excess operating cash is used first to fund shareholder dividends. Other discretionary uses include share repurchases and acquisitions to complement our portfolio of businesses, brands and geographies. As necessary, we may supplement operating cash flow with debt to fund these activities. The overall cash position of the Company reflects our strong business results and a global cash management strategy that takes into account liquidity management, economic factors and tax considerations. 
 Cash Flow Analysis 
 millions) 2023 2022 Net cash provided by operating activities 16,848 16,723 Net cash used in investing activities (3,500) (4,424) Net cash used in financing activities (12,146) (14,876) Adjusted Free Cash Flow 14,011 13,792 Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity 95 93 
 Operating Cash Flow 
 Operating cash flow was 16.8 billion in 2023, a 1 increase versus the prior year. Net earnings, adjusted for non-cash items (depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, deferred income taxes and gain on sale of assets) generated approximately 17.5 billion of operating cash flow. Working capital and other impacts used 656 million of operating cash flow as summarized below. 
 An increase in Accounts receivable used 307 million of cash primarily due to sales growth. The number of days sales outstanding increased approximately 1 day versus prior year. 
 Higher inventory used 119 million of cash due to increased safety stock levels to strengthen supply chain sufficiency. Inventory days on hand was flat versus year ago. 
 Accounts payable and Accrued and other liabilities provided 313 million of cash, primarily driven by increases in taxes payable and accrued compensation expense, partially offset by a reduction in trade payables. The reduction in trade payables was due to lower supply chain payables from a decrease in commodity and transportation costs, partially offset by the impact of extended payment terms with suppliers (see Extended Payment Terms and Supply Chain Financing below). Days payable outstanding decreased approximately 3 days versus prior year. 
 Other net operating assets and liabilities used 543 million of cash primarily driven by pension-related contributions. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow. We view adjusted free cash flow as an important non-GAAP measure because it is a factor impacting the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. It is defined as operating cash flow less capital expenditures and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow is one of the measures used to evaluate senior management and determine their at-risk compensation. 
 Adjusted free cash flow was 14.0 billion in 2023, an increase of 2 versus the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by the increase in operating cash flows as discussed above. Adjusted free cash flow productivity, defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings, was 95 in 2023. 
 Extended Payment Terms and Supply Chain Financing. Beginning in fiscal 2014, in response to evolving market practices, the Company began a program to negotiate extended payment terms with its suppliers. At the same time, the Company initiated a Supply Chain Finance program (the "SCF") with a number of global financial institutions (the "SCF Banks"). Under the SCF, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from the Company to an SCF Bank. These participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with the respective SCF Bank. While the Company is not party to those agreements, the SCF Banks allow the participating suppliers to utilize the Company s creditworthiness in establishing credit spreads and associated costs. This generally provides the suppliers with more favorable terms than they would be able to secure on their own. The Company has no economic interest in a supplier s decision to sell a receivable. Once a qualifying supplier elects to participate in the SCF and reaches an agreement with an SCF Bank, they elect which individual Company invoices they sell to the SCF bank. However, all the Company s payments to participating suppliers are paid to the SCF Bank on the invoice due date, regardless of whether the individual invoice is sold by the supplier to the SCF Bank. The SCF Bank pays the supplier on the invoice due date for any invoices that were not previously sold to the SCF Bank under the SCF. 

The Procter Gamble Company 25 

 The terms of the Company s payment obligation are not impacted by a supplier s participation in the SCF. Our payment terms with our suppliers for similar services and materials within individual markets are consistent between suppliers that elect to participate in the SCF and those that do not participate. Accordingly, our average days outstanding are not significantly impacted by the portion of suppliers or related input costs that are included in the SCF. In addition, the SCF is available to both material suppliers, where the underlying costs are largely included in Cost of goods sold, and to service suppliers, where the underlying costs are largely included in SG A. As of June 30, 2023, approximately 3 of our global suppliers have elected to participate in the SCF. Payments to those suppliers during fiscal year 2023 were approximately 18 billion, which equals approximately 29 of our total Cost of goods sold and SG A for the year. For participating suppliers, we believe substantially all of their receivables with the Company are sold to the SCF Banks. Accordingly, we would expect that at each balance sheet date, a similar proportion of amounts originally due to suppliers would instead be payable to SCF Banks. All outstanding amounts related to suppliers participating in the SCF are recorded within Accounts payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the amounts due to suppliers participating in the SCF and included in Accounts payable were approximately 6 billion. 
 Although difficult to project due to market and other dynamics, we anticipate incremental cash flow benefits from the extended payment terms with suppliers could increase at a slower rate in fiscal 2024. Future changes in our suppliers financing policies or economic developments, such as changes in interest rates, general market liquidity or the Company s credit-worthiness relative to participating suppliers, could impact suppliers participation in the SCF and/or our ability to negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. However, any such impacts are difficult to predict. 
 Investing Cash Flow 
 Net investing activities used 3.5 billion of cash in 2023, primarily due to capital spending and acquisitions. 
 Capital Spending. Capital expenditures, primarily to support capacity expansion, innovation and cost efficiencies, were 3.1 billion in 2023. Capital spending as a percentage of net sales decreased 20 basis points to 3.7 in 2023. 
 Acquisitions. Acquisition activity used cash of 765 million in 2023, primarily related to a Beauty acquisition. 
 Financing Cash Flow 
 Net financing activities consumed 12.1 billion of cash in 2023, mainly due to dividends to shareholders and treasury stock purchases, partially offset by a net debt increase and the impact of stock options and other. 
 Dividend Payments. Our first discretionary use of cash is dividend payments. Dividends per common share increased 4 to 3.6806 per share in 2023. Total dividend payments to common and preferred shareholders were 9.0 billion in 2023. In April 2023, the Board of Directors declared a 3 increase in our quarterly dividend from 0.9133 to 0.9407 per share on Common Stock and Series A and B Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) Convertible Class A Preferred Stock. This is the 67th consecutive year that our dividend has increased. We have paid a dividend for 133 consecutive years, every year since our incorporation in 1890. 
 Long-Term and Short-Term Debt. We maintain debt levels we consider appropriate after evaluating a number of factors, including cash flow expectations, cash requirements for ongoing operations, investment and financing plans (including acquisitions and share repurchase activities) and the overall cost of capital. Total debt was 34.6 billion as of June 30, 2023. We generated 2.9 billion from net debt issuances in short-term debt and long-term debt markets. 
 Treasury Purchases. Total share repurchases were 7.4 billion in 2023. 
 Impact of Stock Options and Other. The exercise of stock options and other financing activities generated 1.3 billion of cash in 2023. 
 Liquidity 
 At June 30, 2023, our current liabilities exceeded current assets by 13.1 billion, largely due to short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program. We anticipate being able to support our short-term liquidity and operating needs largely through cash generated from operations. The Company regularly assesses its cash needs and the available sources to fund these needs. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had 5.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents related to foreign subsidiaries, primarily in various European and Asian countries. We did not have material cash and cash equivalents related to any country subject to exchange controls that significantly restrict our ability to access or repatriate the funds. Under current law, we do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside of the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall liquidity, financial condition or the results of operations for the foreseeable future. 
 We utilize short- and long-term debt to fund discretionary items, such as acquisitions and share repurchases. We have strong short- and long-term debt ratings, which have enabled and should continue to enable us to refinance our debt as it becomes due at favorable rates in commercial paper and bond markets. In addition, we have agreements with a diverse group of financial institutions that, if needed, should provide sufficient funding to meet short-term financing requirements. 
 On June 30, 2023, our short-term credit ratings were P-1 (Moody's) and A-1+ (Standard Poor's), while our long-term credit ratings were Aa3 (Moody's) and AA- (Standard Poor's), all with a stable outlook. 
 We maintain bank credit facilities to support our ongoing commercial paper program. The current facility is an 8.0 billion facility split between a 3.2 billion five-year facility and a 4.8 billion 364-day facility, which expire in November 2027 and 

26 The Procter Gamble Company 

 November 2023, respectively. Both facilities can be extended for certain periods of time as specified in the terms of the credit agreement. These facilities are currently undrawn and we anticipate that they will remain undrawn. These credit facilities do not have cross-default or ratings triggers, nor do they have material adverse events clauses, except at the time of signing. In addition to these credit facilities, we have an automatically effective registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC that is available for registered offerings of short- or long-term debt securities. For additional details on debt, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Guarantees and Other Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have guarantees or other off-balance sheet financing arrangements, including variable interest entities, which we believe could have a material impact on our financial condition or liquidity. 
 Contractual Commitments 
 The following table provides information on the amount and payable date of our contractual commitments as of June 30, 2023. millions) Total Less Than 1 Year 1-3 Years 3-5 Years After 5 Years RECORDED LIABILITIES Total debt 35,248 10,316 5,328 5,899 13,705 Leases 911 222 322 171 196 U.S. Tax Act transitional charge (1) 
 1,575 421 1,154 OTHER Interest payments relating to long-term debt 5,727 713 1,245 946 2,823 Minimum pension funding (2) 
 591 192 399 Purchase obligations (3) 
 2,989 1,169 976 482 362 TOTAL CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENTS 47,041 13,033 9,424 7,498 17,086 
 (1) Represents the U.S. federal tax liability associated with the repatriation provisions of the U.S. Tax Act. 
 (2) Represents future pension payments to comply with local funding requirements. These future pension payments assume the Company continues to meet its future statutory funding requirements. Considering the current economic environment in which the Company operates, the Company believes its cash flows are adequate to meet the future statutory funding requirements. The projected payments beyond fiscal year 2026 are not currently determinable. 
 (3) Primarily reflects future contractual payments under various take-or-pay arrangements entered into as part of the normal course of business. Commitments made under take-or-pay obligations represent minimum commitments with suppliers and are in line with expected usage. This includes service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced. While the amounts listed represent contractual obligations, we do not believe it is likely that the full contractual amount would be paid if the underlying contracts were canceled prior to maturity. In such cases, we generally are able to negotiate new contracts or cancellation penalties, resulting in a reduced payment. The amounts do not include other contractual purchase obligations that are not take-or-pay arrangements. Such contractual purchase obligations are primarily purchase orders at fair value that are part of normal operations and are reflected in historical operating cash flow trends. We do not believe such purchase obligations will adversely affect our liquidity position. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 In preparing our financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, there are certain accounting policies that may require a choice between acceptable accounting methods or may require substantial judgment or estimation in their application. These include revenue recognition, income taxes, certain employee benefits and goodwill and intangible assets. We believe these accounting policies, and others set forth in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, should be reviewed as they are integral to understanding the results of operations and financial condition of the Company. 
 The Company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of estimates with the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenue is primarily generated from the sale of finished product to customers. Those sales predominantly contain a single performance obligation and revenue is recognized at a single point in time when ownership, risks and rewards transfer, which can be on the date of shipment or the date of receipt by the customer. Trade promotions, consisting primarily of customer pricing allowances, in-store merchandising funds, advertising and other promotional activities and consumer coupons, are offered through various programs to customers and consumers. Sales are recorded net of trade promotion spending, which is recognized as incurred at the time of the sale. Amounts accrued for trade promotions at the end of a period require estimation, based on contractual terms, sales volumes and historical utilization and redemption rates. The actual amounts paid may be different from such estimates. These differences, which have historically not been significant, are recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our annual tax rate is determined based on our income, statutory tax rates and the tax impacts of items treated differently for tax purposes than for financial reporting purposes. Also inherent in determining our annual tax rate are judgements and 

The Procter Gamble Company 27 

 assumptions regarding the recoverability of certain deferred tax balances, primarily net operating loss and other carryforwards, and our ability to uphold certain tax positions. 
 Realization of net operating losses and other carryforwards is dependent upon generating sufficient taxable income in the appropriate jurisdiction prior to the expiration of the carryforward periods, which involves business plans, planning opportunities and expectations about future outcomes. Although realization is not assured, management believes it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances, will be realized. 
 We operate in multiple jurisdictions with complex tax policy and regulatory environments. In certain of these jurisdictions, we may take tax positions that management believes are supportable but are potentially subject to successful challenge by the applicable taxing authority. These interpretational differences with the respective governmental taxing authorities can be impacted by the local economic and fiscal environment. 
 A core operating principle is that our tax structure is based on our business operating model, such that profits are earned in line with the business substance and functions of the various legal entities in the jurisdictions where those functions are performed. However, because of the complexity of transfer pricing concepts, we may have income tax uncertainty related to the determination of intercompany transfer prices for our various cross-border transactions. We have obtained and continue to prioritize the strategy of seeking advance rulings with tax authorities to reduce this uncertainty. We estimate that our current portfolio of advance rulings reduces this uncertainty with respect to over 70 of our global earnings. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance on uncertainty in income taxes. We review these tax uncertainties considering changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, and adjust them accordingly. We have several audits in process in various jurisdictions. Although the resolution of these tax positions is uncertain, based on currently available information, we believe that the ultimate outcomes will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Because there are several estimates and assumptions inherent in calculating the various components of our tax provision, certain future events such as changes in tax legislation, geographic mix of earnings, completion of tax audits or earnings repatriation plans could have an impact on those estimates and our effective tax rate. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the Company's income taxes. 
 Employee Benefits 
 We sponsor various postretirement benefits throughout the world. These include pension plans, both defined contribution plans and defined benefit plans, and other postretirement benefit (OPRB) plans consisting primarily of health care and life insurance for retirees. For accounting purposes, the defined benefit pension and OPRB plans require assumptions to estimate the net projected and accumulated benefit obligations, including the following variables: discount rate; expected salary increases; certain employee-related factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality; expected return on assets; and health care cost trend rates. These and other assumptions affect the annual expense and net obligations recognized for the underlying plans. Our assumptions reflect our historical experiences and management's best judgment regarding future expectations. As permitted by U.S. GAAP, the net amount by which actual results differ from our assumptions is deferred. If this net deferred amount exceeds 10 of the greater of plan assets or liabilities, a portion of the deferred amount is included in expense for the following year. The cost or benefit of plan changes, such as increasing or decreasing benefits for prior employee service (prior service cost), is deferred and included in expense on a straight-line basis over the average remaining service period of the employees expected to receive benefits. 
 The expected return on plan assets assumption impacts our defined benefit expense since many of our defined benefit pension plans and our primary OPRB plan are partially funded. The process for setting the expected rates of return is described in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For 2023, the average return on assets assumptions for pension plan assets and OPRB assets was 5.9 and 8.4 , respectively. A change in the rate of return of 100 basis points for both pension and OPRB assets would impact annual after-tax benefit/expense by approximately 135 million. 
 Since pension and OPRB liabilities are measured on a discounted basis, the discount rate impacts our plan obligations and expenses. Discount rates used for our U.S. defined benefit pension and OPRB plans are based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high-quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan. For our international plans, the discount rates are set by benchmarking against investment grade corporate bonds rated AA or better. The average discount rate on the defined benefit pension plans of 4.2 represents a weighted average of local rates in countries where such plans exist. A 100 basis-point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax benefit expense by approximately 130 million. The average discount rate on the OPRB plan of 5.6 reflects the higher interest rates generally applicable in the U.S., which is where most of the plan participants receive benefits. A 100 basis-point change in the discount rate would impact annual after-tax OPRB expense by approximately 30 million. See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on our defined benefit pension and OPRB plans. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. Accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists for significant goodwill reporting units and intangible assets. Determining the useful life of an intangible asset also requires judgment. Certain brand intangible assets are expected to have indefinite lives based on their history and our plans to continue to support and build the acquired brands. Other acquired intangible assets (e.g., certain brands, customer relationships, patents and technologies) are expected to have determinable 

28 The Procter Gamble Company 

 useful lives. Our assessment as to brands that have an indefinite life and those that have a determinable life is based on a number of factors including competitive environment, market share, brand history, underlying product life cycles, operating plans and the macroeconomic environment of the countries in which the brands are sold. Determinable-lived intangible assets are amortized to expense over their estimated lives. An impairment assessment for determinable-lived intangibles is only required when an event or change in circumstances indicates that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized but are tested at least annually for impairment. We use the income method to estimate the fair value of these assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. If the resulting fair value is less than the asset's carrying value, that difference represents an impairment. Our annual impairment testing for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets occurs during the three months ended December 31. 
 Most of our goodwill reporting units have fair value cushions that significantly exceed their underlying carrying values. In connection with the Grooming operating segment integration as described further in Note 2, we concluded that the Shave Care and Appliances categories now operate as one reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing. Based on our annual impairment testing during the three months ended December 31, 2022, our Grooming reporting unit goodwill has a fair value cushion of over 30 . As of June 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Grooming reporting unit goodwill was 12.7 billion. 
 Most of our indefinite-lived intangible assets have fair value cushions that significantly exceed their underlying carrying value. Based on our annual impairment testing during the three months ended December 31, 2022, the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset's fair value exceeded its carrying value by approximately 5 . As of June 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset was 14.1 billion. While we have concluded that no triggering event has occurred during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset is most susceptible to future impairment risk. Adverse changes in the business or in the macroeconomic environment, including foreign currency devaluation, increasing global inflation, market contraction from an economic recession and the Russia-Ukraine War, could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate the fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset and trigger a future impairment charge. Further reduction of the Gillette business activities in Russia could reduce the estimated fair value by up to 5 . 
 The most significant assumptions utilized in the determination of the estimated fair value of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset are the net sales growth rates (including residual growth rates), discount rate and royalty rates. 
 Net sales growth rates could be negatively impacted by reductions or changes in demand for our Gillette products, which may be caused by, among other things: changes in the use and frequency of grooming products, shifts in demand away from one or more of our higher priced products to lower priced products or potential supply chain constraints. In addition, relative global and country/regional macroeconomic factors, including the Russia-Ukraine War, could result in additional and prolonged devaluation of other countries currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. The residual growth rates represent the expected rate at which the Gillette brand is expected to grow beyond the shorter-term business planning period. The residual growth rates utilized in our fair value estimates are consistent with the brand operating plans and approximates expected long-term category market growth rates. The residual growth rates depend on overall market growth rates, the competitive environment, inflation, relative currency exchange rates and business activities that impact market share. As a result, the residual growth rates could be adversely impacted by a sustained deceleration in category growth, grooming habit changes, devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar or an increased competitive environment. 
 The discount rate, which is consistent with a weighted average cost of capital that is likely to be expected by a market participant, is based upon industry required rates of return, including consideration of both debt and equity components of the capital structure. Our discount rate may be impacted by adverse changes in the macroeconomic environment, volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors, such as further devaluation of currencies against the U.S. dollar. Spot rates as of the fair value measurement date are utilized in our fair value estimates for cash flows outside the U.S. 
 The royalty rates are driven by historical and estimated future profitability of the underlying Gillette business. The royalty rate may be impacted by significant adverse changes in long-term operating margins. 
 We performed a sensitivity analysis for the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset as part of our annual impairment testing during the three months ended December 31, 2022, utilizing reasonably possible changes in the assumptions for the discount rate, the short-term and residual growth rates and the royalty rates to demonstrate the potential impacts to the estimated fair values. The table below provides, in isolation, the estimated fair value impacts related to a 25 basis-point increase in the discount rate, a 25 basis-point decrease in our shorter-term and residual growth rates, or a 50 basis-point decrease in our royalty rates, which may result in an impairment of the Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 Approximate Percent Change in Estimated Fair Value +25 bps Discount Rate -25 bps Growth Rate -50 bps Royalty Rate Gillette indefinite-lived intangible asset (6) (6) (4) 
 See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on goodwill and intangible assets. 

The Procter Gamble Company 29 

 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 Hedging and Derivative Financial Instruments 
 As a multinational company with diverse product offerings, we are exposed to market risks, such as changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates and commodity prices. We evaluate exposures on a centralized basis to take advantage of natural exposure correlation and netting. We leverage the Company's diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge and prioritize operational hedging activities over financial market instruments. To the extent we choose to further manage volatility within our financing operations, as discussed below, we enter into various financial transactions which we account for using the applicable accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging activities. These financial transactions are governed by our policies covering acceptable counterparty exposure, instrument types and other hedging practices. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our accounting policies for derivative instruments. 
 Derivative positions are monitored using techniques including market valuation, sensitivity analysis and value-at-risk modeling. The tests for interest rate, currency rate and commodity derivative positions discussed below are based on the RiskManager value-at-risk model using a one-year horizon and a 95 confidence level. The model incorporates the impact of correlation (the degree to which exposures move together over time) and diversification (from holding multiple currency, commodity and interest rate instruments) and assumes that financial returns are normally distributed. Estimates of volatility and correlations of market factors are drawn from the RiskMetrics dataset as of June 30, 2023. In cases where data is unavailable in RiskMetrics , a reasonable proxy is included. 
 Our market risk exposures relative to interest rates, currency rates and commodity prices, as discussed below, have not changed materially versus the previous reporting period. In addition, we are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would significantly impact such exposures in the near term. 
 Interest Rate Exposure on Financial Instruments. Interest rate swaps are used to manage exposures to interest rates on underlying debt obligations. Certain interest rate swaps denominated in foreign currencies are designated to hedge exposures to currency exchange rate movements on our investments in foreign operations. These currency interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the Company's foreign net investments. 
 Based on our interest rate exposure as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, including derivative and other instruments sensitive to interest rates, we believe a near-term change in interest rates, at a 95 confidence level based on historical interest rate movements, would not materially affect our financial statements. 
 Currency Rate Exposure on Financial Instruments. Because we manufacture and sell products and finance operations in a number of countries throughout the world, we are exposed to the impact on revenue and expenses of movements in currency exchange rates. Corporate policy prescribes the range of allowable hedging activity. To manage the exchange rate risk associated with the financing of our operations, we primarily use forward contracts and currency swaps with maturities of less than 18 months. 
 Based on our currency rate exposure on derivative and other instruments as of and during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we believe, at a 95 confidence level based on historical currency rate movements, the impact on such instruments of a near-term change in currency rates would not materially affect our financial statements. 
 Commodity Price Exposure on Financial Instruments. We use raw materials that are subject to price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, political and economic variables and other unpredictable factors. We may use futures, options and swap contracts to manage the volatility related to the above exposures. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we did not have any financial commodity hedging activity. 
 Measures Not Defined By U.S. GAAP 
 In accordance with the SEC's Regulation S-K Item 10(e), the following provides definitions of the non-GAAP measures and the reconciliation to the most closely related GAAP measure. We believe that these measures provide useful perspective on underlying business trends (i.e., trends excluding non-recurring or unusual items) and results and provide a supplemental measure of year-on-year results. The non-GAAP measures described below are used by management in making operating decisions, allocating financial resources and for business strategy purposes. These measures may be useful to investors, as they provide supplemental information about business performance and provide investors a view of our business results through the eyes of management. These measures are also used to evaluate senior management and are a factor in determining their at-risk compensation. These non-GAAP measures are not intended to be considered by the user in place of the related GAAP measures but rather as supplemental information to our business results. These non-GAAP measures may not be the same as similar measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in the items or events being adjusted. These measures include: 
 Organic Sales Growth. Organic sales growth is a non-GAAP measure of sales growth excluding the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign exchange from year-over-year comparisons. We believe this measure provides investors with a 

30 The Procter Gamble Company 

 supplemental understanding of underlying sales trends by providing sales growth on a consistent basis. This measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. 
 The following tables provide a numerical reconciliation of organic sales growth to reported net sales growth: Fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 
 Net Sales Growth Foreign Exchange Impact Acquisition Divestiture 
 Impact/Other (1) 
 Organic Sales Growth Beauty 2 5 (1) 6 Grooming (3) 7 1 5 Health Care 4 4 8 Fabric Home Care 3 5 8 Baby, Feminine Family Care 2 4 6 TOTAL COMPANY 2 5 7 
 (1) Acquisition Divestiture Impact/Other includes the volume and mix impact of acquisitions and divestitures and rounding impacts necessary to reconcile net sales to organic sales. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow. Adjusted free cash flow is defined as operating cash flow less capital spending and excluding payments for the transitional tax resulting from the U.S. Tax Act. Adjusted free cash flow represents the cash that the Company is able to generate after taking into account planned maintenance and asset expansion. We view adjusted free cash flow as an important measure because it is one factor used in determining the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. 
 The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow millions): 
 Operating Cash Flow Capital Spending Adjustments to Operating Cash Flow (1) 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow 2023 16,848 (3,062) 225 14,011 2022 16,723 (3,156) 225 13,792 
 (1) Adjustments to Operating Cash Flow include transitional tax payments resulting from the U.S. Tax Act of 225 in 2023 and 2022. 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity. Adjusted free cash flow productivity is defined as the ratio of adjusted free cash flow to net earnings. We view adjusted free cash flow productivity as a useful measure to help investors understand P G s ability to generate cash. Adjusted free cash flow productivity is used by management in making operating decisions, in allocating financial resources and for budget planning purposes. This measure is used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. 
 The following table provides a numerical reconciliation of adjusted free cash flow productivity millions): 
 Adjusted Free Cash Flow Net Earnings Adjusted Free Cash Flow Productivity 2023 14,011 14,738 95 2022 13,792 14,793 93 
 Core EPS. Core EPS is a measure of the Company's diluted EPS excluding items that are not judged by management to be part of the Company's sustainable results or trends. Management views this non-GAAP measure as a useful supplemental measure of Company performance over time. This measure is also used in assessing the achievement of management goals for at-risk compensation. For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no adjustments to or reconciling items for diluted EPS. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the section entitled Other Information in the MD A and Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Procter Gamble Company 31 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting of The Procter Gamble Company (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. 
 Strong internal controls is an objective that is reinforced through our Worldwide Business Conduct Manual , which sets forth our commitment to conduct business with integrity, and within both the letter and the spirit of the law. Our people are deeply committed to our Purpose, Values and Principles, which unite us in doing what s right. Our system of internal controls includes written policies and procedures, segregation of duties and the careful selection and development of employees. Additional key elements of our internal control structure include our Global Leadership Council, which is actively involved in oversight of the business strategies, initiatives, results and controls, our Disclosure Committee, which is responsible for evaluating disclosure implications of significant business activities and events, our Board of Directors, which provides strong and effective corporate governance, and our Audit Committee, which reviews critical accounting policies and estimates, financial reporting and internal control matters. 
 Global Internal Audit performs audits of internal controls over financial reporting as well as broader financial, operational and compliance audits around the world, provides training and continually improves our internal control processes. The Company s internal control over financial reporting also includes a robust Control Self-Assessment Program that is conducted annually on critical financial reporting areas of the Company. Management takes the appropriate action to correct any identified control deficiencies. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, any system of internal control over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, may not prevent or detect misstatements due to the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden or that misstatements due to error or fraud may occur that are not detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, using criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on these criteria. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, as stated in their report which is included herein. 
 /s/ Jon R. Moeller (Jon R. Moeller) Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer /s/ Andre Schulten (Andre Schulten) 
 Chief Financial Officer August 4, 2023 

32 The Procter Gamble Company 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Procter Gamble Company 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets of The Procter Gamble Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related Consolidated Statements of Earnings, Comprehensive Income, Shareholders Equity and Cash Flows, for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 4, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Intangible Assets Gillette Indefinite Lived Intangible Asset Refer to Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of the Gillette indefinite lived intangible asset (the "Gillette Brand") for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value to its carrying value. The Company estimates fair value using the income method, which is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows attributable to the respective asset. This requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future net sales and earnings, including growth rates beyond a 10-year time period, royalty rates, and discount rate. Changes in the assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any impairment charge, or both. The Company performed their annual impairment assessment of the Gillette Brand as of December 31, 2022. Because the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying value, no impairment was recorded. As of June 30, 2023, the carrying value of the Gillette Brand was 14.1 billion. 
 We identified the Company s impairment evaluation of the Gillette Brand as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the fair value of the indefinite lived intangible asset. A high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort was required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of future net sales and earnings as well as the selection of royalty rates and discount rate, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to forecasts of future net sales and earnings and the selection of the royalty rates and discount rate for the Gillette Brand included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Gillette Brand, including those over the determination of fair value, such as controls related to management s development of forecasts of future net sales and earnings, and the selection of royalty rates and discount rate. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast net sales and earnings by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. 

The Procter Gamble Company 33 

 We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecast of net sales and earnings by comparing the forecasts to: 
 Historical net sales and earnings. 
 Underlying analysis detailing business strategies and growth plans. 
 Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 
 Forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the net sales and earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rate by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of net sales and earnings growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rate and the mathematical accuracy of the calculations. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates for the discount rate and comparing the discount rate selected by management to that range. 
 /s/ 
 August 4, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1890. 

34 The Procter Gamble Company 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of The Procter Gamble Company 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of The Procter Gamble Company and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023, of the Company and our report dated August 4, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 August 4, 2023 

The Procter Gamble Company 35 

 Consolidated Statements of Earnings Amounts in millions except per share amounts; fiscal years ended June 30 2023 2022 2021 NET SALES Cost of products sold Selling, general and administrative expense OPERATING INCOME Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other non-operating income, net EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income taxes NET EARNINGS Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests NET EARNINGS ATTRIBUTABLE TO PROCTER GAMBLE NET EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (1) 
 Basic Diluted 
 (1) 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Amounts in millions; fiscal years ended June 30 2023 2022 2021 NET EARNINGS OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS), NET OF TAX Foreign currency translation (net of tax (benefit)/expense of ), and ), respectively) 
 ) ) Unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities 
 (net of tax (benefit)/expense of ), and , respectively) 
 ) Unrealized gains on defined benefit postretirement plans 
 (net of tax expense of , and , respectively) 
 TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS), NET OF TAX ) TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO PROCTER GAMBLE 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

36 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets Amounts in millions except stated values; as of June 30 2023 2022 Assets CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable INVENTORIES Materials and supplies Work in process Finished goods Total inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET GOODWILL TRADEMARKS AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS, NET OTHER NONCURRENT ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Debt due within one year TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES LONG-TERM DEBT DEFERRED INCOME TAXES OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES TOTAL LIABILITIES SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Convertible Class A preferred stock, stated value per share shares authorized) 
 Non-Voting Class B preferred stock, stated value per share shares authorized) 
 Common stock, stated value per share shares authorized; shares issued: 2023 - , 2022 - 
 Additional paid-in capital Reserve for ESOP debt retirement ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock (shares held: 2023 - ; 2022 - 
 ) ) Retained earnings Noncontrolling interest TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Procter Gamble Company 37 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity Dollars in millions except per share amounts; shares in thousands Common Stock Preferred Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Reserve for ESOP Debt Retirement Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Noncontrolling Interest Total Shareholders' Equity Shares Amount BALANCE JUNE 30, 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive income/(loss) Dividends and dividend equivalents per share): 
 Common ) ) Preferred ) ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Employee stock plans Preferred stock conversions ) ESOP debt impacts Noncontrolling interest, net ) ) BALANCE JUNE 30, 2021 Net earnings Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents per share): 
 Common ) ) Preferred ) ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Employee stock plans Preferred stock conversions ) ESOP debt impacts Noncontrolling interest, net ) ) ) BALANCE JUNE 30, 2022 Net earnings Other comprehensive income/(loss) ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents per share): 
 Common ) ) Preferred ) ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Employee stock plans Preferred stock conversions ) ESOP debt impacts Noncontrolling interest, net ) ) BALANCE JUNE 30, 2023 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

38 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Amounts in millions; fiscal years ended June 30 2023 2022 2021 CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF YEAR OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net earnings Depreciation and amortization Loss on early extinguishment of debt Share-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Loss/(gain) on sale of assets ) ) ) Change in accounts receivable ) ) ) Change in inventories ) ) ) Change in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities Change in other operating assets and liabilities ) ) ) Other TOTAL OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from asset sales Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Other investing activity ) TOTAL INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Dividends to shareholders ) ) ) Additions to short-term debt with original maturities of more than three months Reductions in short-term debt with original maturities of more than three months ) ) ) Net additions/(reductions) to other short-term debt ) ) Additions to long-term debt Reductions in long-term debt (1) 
 ) ) ) Treasury stock purchases ) ) ) Impact of stock options and other TOTAL FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) ) CHANGE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH ) ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF YEAR SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE Cash payments for interest Cash payments for income taxes 
 (1) in 2021. 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The Procter Gamble Company 39 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 NOTE 1 
 countries and territories primarily through mass merchandisers, e-commerce (including social commerce) channels, grocery stores, membership club stores, drug stores, department stores, distributors, wholesalers, specialty beauty stores (including airport duty-free stores), high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores and professional channels. We also sell direct to consumers. We have on-the-ground operations in approximately countries. 
 billion in 2023 and 2022 and billion in 2021. Advertising costs, charged to expense as incurred, include television, print, radio, digital and in-store advertising expenses and were billion in 2023, billion in 2022 and 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

40 The Procter Gamble Company 

 billion in 2021. Non-advertising related components of the Company's total marketing spending reported in SG A include costs associated with consumer promotions, product sampling and sales aids. 

-year life), computer equipment and capitalized software - to -year lives) and manufacturing equipment - to -year lives). Buildings are depreciated over an estimated useful life of years. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when appropriate, changes are made prospectively. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, asset lives may be adjusted and an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying amounts. 
 to years. When certain events or changes in operating conditions occur, an impairment assessment is performed and remaining lives of intangible assets with determinable lives may be adjusted. 
 For additional details on goodwill and intangible assets see Note 4. 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 41 

NOTE 2 
 reportable segments: 1) Beauty, 2) Grooming, 3) Health Care, 4) Fabric Home Care and 5) Baby, Feminine Family Care. Our reportable segments are comprised of: 
 Beauty : Hair Care (Conditioners, Shampoos, Styling Aids, Treatments); Skin and Personal Care (Antiperspirants and Deodorants, Personal Cleansing, Skin Care); 
 Grooming : Grooming (Appliances, Female Blades Razors, Male Blades Razors, Pre- and Post-Shave Products, Other Grooming); 
 Health Care : Oral Care (Toothbrushes, Toothpaste, Other Oral Care); Personal Health Care (Gastrointestinal, Pain Relief, Rapid Diagnostics, Respiratory, Vitamins/Minerals/Supplements, Other Personal Health Care); 
 Fabric Home Care : Fabric Care (Fabric Enhancers, Laundry Additives, Laundry Detergents); Home Care (Air Care, Dish Care, P G Professional, Surface Care); and 
 Baby, Feminine Family Care : Baby Care (Baby Wipes, Taped Diapers and Pants); Feminine Care (Adult Incontinence, Feminine Care); Family Care (Paper Towels, Tissues, Toilet Paper). 
 While none of our reportable segments are highly seasonal, components within certain reportable segments, such as Appliances (Grooming) and Personal Health Care (Health), are seasonal. 
 The accounting policies of the segments are generally the same as those described in Note 1. Differences between these policies and U.S. GAAP primarily reflect income taxes, which are reflected in the segments using applicable blended statutory rates. Adjustments to arrive at our effective tax rate are included in Corporate. In addition, capital expenditures in the segments are on an accrual basis consistent with the balance sheet. Adjustments to move from an accrual to cash basis, for purposes of the cash flow statement, are reflected in Corporate. 
 Corporate includes certain operating and non-operating activities that are not reflected in the operating results used internally to measure and evaluate the businesses, as well as items to adjust management reporting principles to U.S. GAAP. Operating activities in Corporate include the results of incidental businesses managed at the corporate level. Operating elements also include certain employee benefit costs, the costs of certain restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce optimization, asset impairment charges and other general Corporate items. The non-operating elements in Corporate primarily include interest expense, certain pension and other postretirement benefit costs, certain acquisition and divestiture gains, interest and investing income and other financing costs. 
 Total assets for the reportable segments include those assets managed by the reportable segment, primarily inventory, fixed assets and intangible assets. Other assets, primarily cash, accounts receivable, investment securities and goodwill, are included in Corporate. 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

42 The Procter Gamble Company 

Home Care Baby Care Skin and Personal Care Hair Care Family Care Grooming (2) 
 Oral Care Feminine Care Personal Health Care Other (2) 
 TOTAL 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 International LONG-LIVED ASSETS (1) 
 United States International 
 
 No country, other than the United States, exceeds 10 of the Company's consolidated net sales or long-lived assets. 
 Our largest customer, Walmart Inc. and its affiliates, accounted for consolidated net sales of approximately in 2023, 2022 and 2021. No other customer represents more than 10 of our consolidated net sales. 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 43 

 2022 2021 GROOMING 2023 2022 2021 HEALTH CARE 2023 2022 2021 FABRIC HOME CARE 2023 2022 2021 BABY, FEMININE FAMILY CARE 2023 2022 2021 CORPORATE 2023 ) ) 2022 ) 2021 ) ) ) TOTAL COMPANY 2023 2022 2021 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

44 The Procter Gamble Company 

 NOTE 3 
 Machinery and equipment Land Construction in progress TOTAL PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT Accumulated depreciation ) ) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET 
 Compensation expenses Taxes payable Derivative liabilities Leases Restructuring reserves Other TOTAL OTHER NONCURRENT LIABILITIES Pension benefits U.S. Tax Act transitional tax payable Other retiree benefits Uncertain tax positions Long term operating leases Derivative liabilities Other TOTAL 
 RESTRUCTURING PROGRAM 
 The Company has historically incurred an ongoing annual level of restructuring-type activities to maintain a competitive cost structure, including manufacturing and workforce optimization. Before tax costs incurred under ongoing programs have generally ranged from to annually. 
 Restructuring costs incurred consist primarily of costs to separate employees, asset-related costs to exit facilities and other costs. Employee separation costs relate to severance packages that are primarily voluntary and the amounts calculated are based on salary levels and past service periods. Severance costs related to voluntary separations are generally charged to earnings when the employee accepts the offer. Asset-related costs consist of both asset write-downs and accelerated depreciation. Asset write-downs relate to the establishment of a new fair value basis for assets held-for-sale or for disposal. These assets are written down to the lower of their current carrying basis or amounts expected to be realized upon disposal, less minor disposal costs. Charges for accelerated depreciation relate to long-lived assets that will be taken out of service prior to the end of their normal service period. These assets relate primarily to manufacturing consolidations and technology standardizations. The asset-related charges will not have a significant impact on future depreciation charges. Other restructuring-type charges primarily include asset removal and termination of contracts related to supply chain and overhead optimization. The Company incurred total restructuring charges of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Of the charges incurred for fiscal year 2023, were recorded in Costs of products sold, in SG A and in Other non-operating income, net. Of the 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 45 

 were recorded in Costs of products sold, in SG A, and in Other non-operating income, net. 
 Cost incurred and charged to expense Cost paid/settled ) ) ) ) RESERVE JUNE 30, 2022 Cost incurred and charged to expense Cost paid/settled ) ) ) ) RESERVE JUNE 30, 2023 
 Consistent with our historical policies for ongoing restructuring-type activities, the restructuring charges are funded by and included within Corporate for management and segment reporting. 
 Grooming Health Care Fabric Home Care Baby, Feminine Family Care Corporate (1) 
 Total Company 

NOTE 4 
 Acquisitions and divestitures Translation and other ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 - Net (1) 
 Acquisitions and divestitures Translation and other Balance at June 30, 2023 - Net (1) 
 
 (1) billion accumulated impairment losses. 
 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles are tested for impairment at least annually by comparing the estimated fair values of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangible assets to their respective carrying values. We use the income method to estimate the fair value of these assets, which is based on forecasts of the expected future cash flows attributable to the respective assets. Significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflect a consideration of other marketplace participants and include the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability). Significant judgement by management is required to estimate the impact of macroeconomic and other factors on future cash flows, including those related to the Russia-Ukraine War. Estimates utilized in the projected cash flows include consideration of macroeconomic conditions, overall category growth rates, competitive activities, cost containment and margin expansion, Company business plans, the underlying product or technology life cycles, economic barriers to entry, a brand's relative market position and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur, which could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions. 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

46 The Procter Gamble Company 

 ) ) Patents and technology ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Other ) ) TOTAL ) ) INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE LIVES Brands TOTAL INTANGIBLE ASSETS ) ) 

NOTE 5 
 International TOTAL 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 47 

 International U.S. state and local TOTAL DEFERRED TAX EXPENSE/(BENEFIT) U.S. federal ) ) ) International and other ) ) ) TOTAL ) ) ) TOTAL TAX EXPENSE 
 Country mix impacts of foreign operations ) ) ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit Excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options ) ) ) Foreign derived intangible income deduction (FDII) ) ) ) Changes in uncertain tax positions ) ) Other ) ) ) EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE 
 Country mix impacts of foreign operations includes the effects of foreign subsidiaries' earnings taxed at rates other than the U.S. statutory rate, the U.S. tax impacts of non-U.S. earnings repatriation and any net impacts of intercompany transactions. Changes in uncertain tax positions represent changes in our net liability related to prior year tax positions. Excess tax benefits from the exercise of stock options reflect the excess of actual tax benefits received on employee exercises of stock options and other share-based payments (which generally equals the income taxable to the employee) over the amount of tax benefits that were calculated and recognized based on the grant date fair values of such instruments. 
 Tax benefits credited to shareholders' equity totaled for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. This primarily relates to the tax effects of net investment hedges. Tax costs charged to shareholders' equity totaled for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. This primarily relates to the tax effects of certain adjustments to pension obligations recorded in shareholders' equity and the tax effects of net investment hedges. 
 Prior to the passage of the U.S. Tax Act, the Company asserted that substantially all of the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries were considered indefinitely invested and, accordingly, no deferred taxes were provided. Pursuant to the provisions of the U.S. Tax Act, these earnings were subjected to a one-time transition tax. This charge included taxes for all U.S. income taxes and for the related foreign withholding taxes for the portion of those earnings which are no longer considered indefinitely invested. We have not provided deferred taxes on approximately billion of earnings that are considered indefinitely invested. 
 Increases in tax positions for prior years Decreases in tax positions for prior years ) ) ) Increases in tax positions for current year Settlements with taxing authorities ) ) ) Lapse in statute of limitations ) ) ) Currency translation ) ) END OF YEAR 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

48 The Procter Gamble Company 

 that, depending on the ultimate resolution, could impact the effective tax rate in future periods. 
 The Company is present in approximately countries and over taxable jurisdictions and, at any point in time, has - jurisdictional audits underway at various stages of completion. We evaluate our tax positions and establish liabilities for uncertain tax positions that may be challenged by local authorities and may not be fully sustained, despite our belief that the underlying tax positions are fully supportable. Uncertain tax positions are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, including progress of tax audits, developments in case law and the closing of statutes of limitation. Such adjustments are reflected in the tax provision as appropriate. We have tax years open ranging from and forward. We are generally not able to reliably estimate the ultimate settlement amounts until the close of the audit. Based on information currently available, we anticipate that over the next 12-month period, audit activity could be completed related to uncertain tax positions in multiple jurisdictions for which we have accrued existing liabilities of approximately , including interest and penalties. 
 We recognize the additional accrual of any possible related interest and penalties relating to the underlying uncertain tax position in income tax expense. As of June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued interest of , and and accrued penalties of , and , respectively, which are not included in the above table. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognized , and in interest expense and , and in penalties expense, respectively. 
 Capitalized research development Pension and other retiree benefits Accrued marketing and promotion Stock-based compensation Unrealized loss on financial and foreign exchange transactions Fixed assets Lease liabilities Other Valuation allowances ) ) TOTAL DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES Goodwill and other intangible assets Fixed assets Other retiree benefits Unrealized gain on financial and foreign exchange transactions Lease right-of-use assets Foreign withholding tax on earnings to be repatriated Other TOTAL 
 Net operating loss carryforwards were billion at June 30, 2023, and billion at June 30, 2022. If unused, approximately will expire between 2023 and 2042. The remainder, totaling billion at June 30, 2023, may be carried forward indefinitely. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 49 

 Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests Net earnings attributable to P G Less: Preferred dividends Net earnings attributable to P G available to common shareholders (Basic) Net earnings attributable to P G available to common shareholders (Diluted) SHARES IN MILLIONS Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Add effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and other unvested equity awards (1) 
 Convertible preferred shares (2) 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding NET EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE (3) 
 Basic Diluted 
 (1) million, million and million in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of weighted average stock options outstanding because the exercise price of these options was greater than the average market value of the Company's stock or their effect was antidilutive. 
 (2) 

NOTE 7 
 million shares of common stock was authorized for issuance and a total of million shares remain available for grant. 
 The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the awards at the date of grant. The expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are recognized as compensation expense ratably from the grant date through the date the employee first becomes eligible to retire and/or is no longer required to provide services to earn the award. Share-based compensation expense is included as part of Cost of products sold and SG A in the Consolidated Statement of Earnings and includes an estimate of forfeitures, which is based on historical data. 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

50 The Procter Gamble Company 

 RSUs and PSUs Total share-based expense Income tax benefit 
 We utilize an industry standard lattice-based valuation model to calculate the fair value for stock options granted. 
 - - - Weighted average interest rate Dividend yield Expected volatility Expected life in years 
 Lattice-based option valuation models incorporate ranges of assumptions for inputs and those ranges are disclosed in the preceding table. Expected volatilities are based on a combination of historical volatility of our stock and implied volatilities of call options on our stock. We use historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination patterns within the valuation model. The expected life of options granted is derived from the output of the option valuation model and represents the average period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The interest rate for periods within the contractual life of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 We utilize a Monte-Carlo simulation model to estimate the fair value of performance stock units granted. Assumptions utilized in the model are not substantially different from those used for stock options. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/expired ) Outstanding at June 30, 2023 Exercisable 
 
 Intrinsic value of options exercised Grant-date fair value of options that vested Cash received from options exercised Actual tax benefit from options exercised 
 At June 30, 2023, of compensation cost had not yet been recognized related to stock option grants. That cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 51 

 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Non-vested at June 30, 2023 
 At June 30, 2023, of compensation cost had not yet been recognized related to RSUs and PSUs. That cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. The total grant date fair value of shares vested was , and in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company settles equity issuances with treasury shares. We have no specific policy to repurchase common shares to mitigate the dilutive impact of options, RSUs and PSUs. However, we have historically made adequate discretionary purchases, based on cash availability, market trends and other factors, to offset the impacts of such activity. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 , and in 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The primary U.S. defined contribution plan (the U.S. DC plan) comprises the majority of the expense for the Company's defined contribution plans. For the U.S. DC plan, the contribution rate is set annually. Total contributions for this plan approximated of total participants' annual wages and salaries in 2023 and in 2022 and 2021. 
 We maintain The Procter Gamble Profit Sharing Trust (Trust) and Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) to provide a portion of the funding for the U.S. DC plan and other retiree benefits (described below). Operating details of the ESOP are provided at the end of this Note. The fair value of the ESOP Series A shares allocated to participants reduces our cash contribution required to fund the U.S. DC plan. 
 Defined Benefit Retirement Plans and Other Retiree Benefits 
 We offer defined benefit retirement pension plans to certain employees. These benefits relate primarily to plans outside the U.S. and, to a lesser extent, plans assumed in previous acquisitions covering U.S. employees. 
 We also provide certain other retiree benefits, primarily health care benefits for the majority of our U.S. employees who become eligible for these benefits when they meet minimum age and service requirements. The plans require cost sharing with retirees and the benefits are funded by ESOP Series B shares and certain other assets contributed by the Company. 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

52 The Procter Gamble Company 

 Service cost Interest cost Participants' contributions Amendments (4) 
 ) Net actuarial loss/(gain) ) ) ) ) Special termination benefits Currency translation and other ) Benefit payments ) ) ) ) BENEFIT OBLIGATION AT END OF YEAR (3) 
 CHANGE IN PLAN ASSETS Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Participants' contributions Currency translation and other ) ESOP debt impacts (5) 
 Benefit payments ) ) ) ) FAIR VALUE OF PLAN ASSETS AT END OF YEAR FUNDED STATUS ) ) 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 (4) 
 
 The actuarial gain for pension plans in 2023 was primarily related to increases in discount rates, offset by inflation-related pension benefit increases. The actuarial gain for other retiree benefits in 2023 was primarily related to increases in discount rates and a decrease in assumptions for medical claims costs. The actuarial gain for pension plans in 2022 was primarily related to increases in discount rates. The actuarial gain for other retiree benefits in 2022 was primarily related to increases in discount rates, partially offset by unfavorable medical claim experience. 
 The underfunding of pension benefits is primarily a function of the different funding incentives that exist outside of the U.S. In certain countries, there are no legal requirements or financial incentives provided to companies to pre-fund pension obligations prior to their due date. 
 Current liabilities ) ) ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) ) NET AMOUNT RECOGNIZED ) ) AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED IN ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (INCOME)/LOSS (AOCI) Net actuarial loss/(gain) ) ) Prior service cost/(credit) ) ) NET AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED IN AOCI ) ) 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 53 

 billion and billion as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Fair value of plan assets PENSION PLANS WITH AN ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATION IN EXCESS OF PLAN ASSETS Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets OTHER RETIREE BENEFIT PLANS WITH AN ACCUMULATED BENEFIT OBLIGATION IN EXCESS OF PLAN ASSETS Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss/(gain) ) Amortization of prior service cost/(credit) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss/(gain) due to settlements ) Special termination benefits GROSS BENEFIT COST/(CREDIT) ) ) ) Dividends on ESOP preferred stock ) NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST/(CREDIT) ) ) ) CHANGE IN PLAN ASSETS AND BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS RECOGNIZED IN AOCI Net actuarial loss/(gain) - current year ) ) ) Prior service cost/(credit) - current year ) Amortization of net actuarial loss/(gain) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service (cost)/credit ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss/(gain) due to settlements Currency translation and other ) TOTAL CHANGE IN AOCI ) ) ) NET AMOUNTS RECOGNIZED IN PERIODIC BENEFIT COST/(CREDIT) AND AOCI ) ) ) 
 The service cost component of the net periodic benefit cost is included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Cost of products sold and SG A. All other components are included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings in Other non-operating income/(expense), net, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

54 The Procter Gamble Company 

Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans N/A N/A Health care cost trend rates assumed for next year N/A N/A Rate to which the health care cost trend rate is assumed to decline (ultimate trend rate) N/A N/A Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate N/A N/A 
 (1) 
 The weighted average assumptions used to determine net benefit cost recorded on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings for the fiscal years ended June 30 were as follows: (1) 
 Pension Benefits Other Retiree Benefits Fiscal years ended June 30 2023 2022 2021 2023 2022 2021 Discount rate Expected return on plan assets Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans N/A N/A N/A 
 (1) 
 
 For plans that make up the majority of our obligation, the Company calculates the benefit obligation and the related impacts on service and interest costs using specific spot rates along the corporate bond yield curve. For the remaining plans, the Company determines these amounts utilizing a single weighted average discount rate derived from the corporate bond yield curve used to measure the plan obligations. 
 Several factors are considered in developing the estimate for the long-term expected rate of return on plan assets. For the defined benefit retirement plans, these factors include historical rates of return of broad equity and bond indices and projected long-term rates of return obtained from pension investment consultants. The expected long-term rates of return for plan assets are - for equities and - for bonds. For other retiree benefit plans, the expected long-term rate of return reflects that the assets are comprised primarily of Company stock. The expected rate of return on Company stock is based on the long-term projected return of and reflects the historical pattern of returns. 
 Plan Assets . Our investment objective for defined benefit retirement plan assets is to meet the plans' benefit obligations and to improve plan self-sufficiency for future benefit obligations. The investment strategies focus on asset class diversification, liquidity to meet benefit payments and an appropriate balance of long-term investment return and risk. Target ranges for asset allocations are determined by assessing different investment risks and matching the actuarial projections of the plans' future liabilities and benefit payments with current as well as expected long-term rates of return on the assets, taking into account investment return volatility and correlations across asset classes. Plan assets are diversified across several investment managers and are generally invested in liquid funds that are selected to track broad market equity and bond indices. Investment risk is carefully controlled with plan assets rebalanced to target allocations on a periodic basis and with continual monitoring of investment managers' performance relative to the investment guidelines established with each investment manager. 
 Debt securities Equity securities TOTAL 
 The following table sets forth the fair value of the Company's plan assets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, segregated by level within the fair value hierarchy (refer to Note 9 for further discussion on the fair value hierarchy and fair value principles). 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 55 

 1 Company common stock 1 Company preferred stock (1) 
 2 Fixed income securities (2) 
 2 Insurance contracts (3) 
 3 TOTAL ASSETS IN THE FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY Investments valued at net asset value (4) 
 TOTAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE 
 (1) 
 (2) 
 (3) 
 
 Cash Flows . Management's best estimate of cash requirements and discretionary contributions for the defined benefit retirement plans and other retiree benefit plans for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2024, is and , respectively. Expected contributions are dependent on many variables, including the variability of the market value of the plan assets as compared to the benefit obligation and other market or regulatory conditions. In addition, we take into consideration our business investment opportunities and resulting cash requirements. Accordingly, actual funding may differ significantly from current estimates. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 - 2033 
 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 We maintain the ESOP to provide funding for certain employee benefits discussed in the preceding paragraphs. 
 The ESOP borrowed billion in 1989 and the proceeds were used to purchase Series A ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock to fund a portion of the U.S. DC plan. Principal and interest requirements of the borrowing were paid by the Trust from dividends on the preferred shares and from advances provided by the Company. The original borrowing of billion has been repaid in full, and advances from the Company of remain outstanding at June 30, 2023. Each share is convertible at the option of the holder into one share of the Company's common stock. The dividend for the current year was equal to the common stock dividend of per share. The liquidation value is per share. 
 In 1991, the ESOP borrowed an additional billion. The proceeds were used to purchase Series B ESOP Convertible Class A Preferred Stock to fund a portion of retiree health care benefits. These shares, net of the ESOP's debt, are considered plan assets of the other retiree benefits plan discussed above. The original borrowings of billion were repaid in 2021. Debt service requirements were funded by preferred stock dividends, cash contributions and advances provided by the Company, of which are outstanding at June 30, 2023. Each share is convertible at the option of the holder into one share of the Company's common stock. The dividend for the current year was equal to the common stock dividend of per share. The liquidation value is per share. 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

56 The Procter Gamble Company 

Unallocated TOTAL SERIES A Allocated Unallocated TOTAL SERIES B 
 For purposes of calculating diluted net earnings per common share, the preferred shares held by the ESOP are considered converted from inception. 
 
 NOTE 9 
 and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has not been required to post collateral as a result of these contractual features. 
 Interest Rate Risk Management 
 Our policy is to manage interest cost using a mixture of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. To manage this risk in a cost-efficient manner, we enter into interest rate swaps whereby we agree to exchange with the counterparty, at specified intervals, the difference between fixed and variable interest amounts calculated by reference to a notional amount. 
 We designate certain interest rate swaps on fixed rate debt that meet specific accounting criteria as fair value hedges. For fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of both the hedging instruments and the underlying debt obligations are immediately recognized in earnings. 
 Foreign Currency Risk Management 
 We manufacture and sell our products and finance our operations in a number of countries throughout the world. As a result, we are exposed to movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We leverage the Company s diversified portfolio of exposures as a natural hedge. In certain cases, we enter into non-qualifying foreign currency contracts to hedge certain balance sheet items subject to revaluation. The change in fair value of these instruments and the underlying exposure are both immediately recognized in earnings. 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 57 

 billion and billion as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. The Company had no other material investments in debt or equity securities during the periods presented. 
 The fair value of long-term debt was billion and billion as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. This includes the current portion of long-term debt instruments billion as of June 30, 2023, and billion as of June 30, 2022). Certain long-term debt (debt designated as a fair value hedge) is recorded at fair value. All other long-term debt is recorded at amortized cost but is measured at fair value for disclosure purposes. We consider our debt to be Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. Fair values are generally estimated based on quoted market prices for identical or similar instruments. 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

58 The Procter Gamble Company 

 ) ) DERIVATIVES IN NET INVESTMENT HEDGING RELATIONSHIPS Foreign currency interest rate contracts ) ) TOTAL DERIVATIVES DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS ) ) DERIVATIVES NOT DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS Foreign currency contracts ) ) TOTAL DERIVATIVES AT FAIR VALUE ) ) 
 The fair value of the interest rate derivative asset/liability directly offsets the cumulative amount of the fair value hedging adjustment included in the carrying amount of the underlying debt obligation. The carrying amount of the underlying debt obligation, which includes the unamortized discount or premium and the fair value adjustment, was billion and billion as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In addition to the foreign currency derivative contracts designated as net investment hedges, certain of our foreign currency denominated debt instruments are designated as net investment hedges. The carrying value of those debt instruments designated as net investment hedges, which includes the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain or loss on those instruments, was billion and billion as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in the notional balance of derivative instruments designated as net investment hedges is primarily driven by the Company s decision to leverage favorable interest rate spreads in the foreign currency swap market. The decrease in the notional balance of foreign currency contracts not designated as hedging instruments reflects changes in the level of intercompany financing activity during the period. 
 Derivative assets are presented in Prepaid expenses and other current assets or Other noncurrent assets. Derivative liabilities are presented in Accrued and other liabilities or Other noncurrent liabilities. Changes in the fair value of net investment hedges are recognized in the Foreign currency translation component of Other comprehensive income (OCI). All of the Company's derivative assets and liabilities measured at fair value are classified as Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.) 
 (1) and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 (2) and , for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.) ) DERIVATIVES NOT DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS Foreign currency contracts ) ) 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 59 

 NOTE 10 
 Commercial paper Other TOTAL Weighted average interest rate of debt due within one year (1) 
 
 (1) 
 1.13 EUR note due November 2023 0.50 EUR note due October 2024 0.63 EUR note due October 2024 0.55 USD note due October 2025 4.10 USD note due January 2026 2.70 USD note due February 2026 1.00 USD note due April 2026 3.25 EUR note due August 2026 2.45 USD note due November 2026 1.90 USD note due February 2027 2.80 USD note due March 2027 4.88 EUR note due May 2027 2.85 USD note due August 2027 3.95 USD note due January 2028 1.20 EUR note due October 2028 1.25 EUR note due October 2029 3.00 USD note due March 2030 0.35 EUR note due May 2030 1.20 USD note due October 2030 1.95 USD note due April 2031 3.25 EUR note due August 2031 2.30 USD note due February 2032 4.05 USD note due January 2033 5.55 USD note due March 2037 1.88 EUR note due October 2038 3.55 USD note due March 2040 0.90 EUR note due November 2041 All other long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt ) ) TOTAL Weighted average interest rate of long-term debt (1) 

Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

60 The Procter Gamble Company 

NOTE 11 
 ) ) ) OCI before reclassifications (1) 
 ) Amounts reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Earnings (2) 
 Net current period OCI ) Less: OCI attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) BALANCE at JUNE 30, 2022 ) ) OCI before reclassifications (3) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified to the Consolidated Statement of Earnings (4) 
 Net current period OCI ) ) ) Less: OCI attributable to non-controlling interests ) ) BALANCE at JUNE 30, 2023 ) ) 
 (1) , and for gains/losses on investment securities, postretirement benefit plans and foreign currency translation, respectively, for the period ended June 30, 2022. Income tax effects within foreign currency translation include impacts from items such as net investment hedge transactions. 
 (2) , and for gains/losses on investment securities, postretirement benefit plans and foreign currency translation, respectively, for the period ended June 30, 2022. 
 (3) ), and ) for gains/losses on investment securities, postretirement benefit plans and foreign currency translation, respectively, for the period ended June 30, 2023. Income tax effects within foreign currency translation include impacts from items such as net investment hedge transactions. 
 (4) , and for gains/losses on investment securities, postretirement benefit plans and foreign currency translation, respectively, for the period ended June 30, 2023. 
 The below provides additional details on amounts reclassified from AOCI into the Consolidated Statement of Earnings: 
 Investment securities: amounts reclassified from AOCI into Other non-operating income, net. 

NOTE 12 
 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 61 

 Variable lease cost (1) 
 Total lease cost 
 (1) 
 Current lease liabilities (Accrued and other liabilities) Noncurrent lease liabilities (Other noncurrent liabilities) Total operating lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term: Operating leases years years Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases 
 2 years 3 years 4 years 5 years Over 5 years Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities was and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 The right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities were and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

62 The Procter Gamble Company 

Such amounts represent minimum commitments under take-or-pay agreements with suppliers and are in line with expected usage. These amounts include purchase commitments related to service contracts for information technology, human resources management and facilities management activities that have been outsourced to third-party suppliers. Due to the proprietary nature of many of our materials and processes, certain supply contracts contain penalty provisions for early termination. We do not expect to incur penalty payments under these provisions that would materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Litigation 
 We are subject, from time to time, to certain legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, which cover a wide range of matters, including antitrust and trade regulation, product liability, advertising, contracts, environmental, patent and trademark matters, labor and employment matters and tax. While considerable uncertainty exists, in the opinion of management and our counsel, the ultimate resolution of the various lawsuits and claims will not materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 We are also subject to contingencies pursuant to environmental laws and regulations that in the future may require us to take action to correct the effects on the environment of prior manufacturing and waste disposal practices. Based on currently available information, we do not believe the ultimate resolution of environmental remediation will materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 The Company's Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Jon R. Moeller, and the Company's Chief Financial Officer, Andre Schulten, performed an evaluation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Messrs. Moeller and Schulten have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including Messrs. Moeller and Schulten, to allow their timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Reports on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to "Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting" and "Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's fourth fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not applicable. 

Amounts in millions of dollars except per share amounts or as otherwise specified. 

The Procter Gamble Company 63 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 The Board of Directors has determined that the following members of the Audit Committee are independent and are Audit Committee financial experts as defined by SEC rules: Ms. Patricia A. Woertz (Chair) and Ms. Christine M. McCarthy. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023: the section entitled Election of Directors; the subsection of the Corporate Governance section entitled Board Meetings and Committees of the Board; the subsection of the Corporate Governance section entitled Code of Ethics; and the subsection of the Other Matters section entitled Shareholder Recommendations or Nominations of Director Candidates. Pursuant to the Instruction to Item 401 of Regulation S-K, Executive Officers of the Registrant are reported in Part I of this report. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023: the subsections of the Corporate Governance section entitled Board Meetings and Committees of the Board, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, and Risk Oversight - Compensation-Related Risk; and the portion beginning with the section entitled Director Compensation up to but not including the section entitled Pay Versus Performance. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The following table gives information about the Company's common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and rights under all of the Company's equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2023. The table includes the following plans: The Procter Gamble 1992 Stock Plan; The Procter Gamble 2001 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan; The Procter Gamble 2003 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Plan; The Procter Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan; The Procter Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan; and The Procter Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 
 Plan Category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders Stock Options/Stock Appreciation Rights 121,226,313 104.1900 (1) 
 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)/Performance Stock Units (PSUs) 6,430,184 N/A (1) 
 TOTAL 127,656,497 104.1900 (2) 
 
 (1) Of the plans listed above, only The Procter Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2019 Plan allows for future grants of securities. The maximum number of shares that may be granted under this plan is 187 million shares. Stock options and stock appreciation rights are counted on a one-for-one basis while full value awards (such as RSUs and PSUs) are counted as five shares for each share awarded. Total shares available for future issuance under this plan is 96 million. 
 (2) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options only. 
 
 Additional information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following section of the 2023 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023: the subsection of the Beneficial Ownership section entitled Security Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023: the subsections of the Corporate Governance section entitled Director Independence and Review and Approval of Transactions with Related Persons. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the following section of the 2023 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to Regulation 14A, which will be filed no later than 120 days after June 30, 2023: Report of the Audit Committee, which ends with the subsection entitled Services Provided by Deloitte. 

64 The Procter Gamble Company 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements of The Procter Gamble Company and subsidiaries, management's report and the reports of the independent registered public accounting firm are incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting (PCAOB Firm ID is 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings - for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity - for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules: 
 These schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the information is set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto. 
 
 EXHIBITS Exhibit (3-1) - 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation (as amended by shareholders at the annual meeting on October 11, 2011 and consolidated by the Board of Directors on April 8, 2016) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3-1) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016) . 
 (3-2) - 
 Regulations (as approved by the Board of Directors on Dece mber 13 , 20 22 , pursuant to authority granted by shareholders at the annual meeting on October 13, 2009) (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (3-2) of the Company's Current Report on Form 8 -K f iled December 13, 2022 . 
 Exhibit (4-1) - 
 Indenture, dated as of September 3, 2009, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-1) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2015) . 
 (4-2) - The Company agrees to furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of any other instrument defining the rights of holders of the Company s long-term debt. 
 (4-3) - 
 Description of the Company s Common Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-3) of the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019) . 
 (4-4) - 
 Description of the Company s 0.625 Notes due 2024, 1.200 Notes due 2028, and 1.875 Notes due 2038 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-4) of the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019) . 
 (4-5) - 
 Description of the Company s 4.875 EUR notes due May 2027, 6.250 GBP notes due January 2030, and 5.250 GBP notes due January 2033 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-5) of the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021) . 
 (4-6) - 
 Description of the Company s 0.500 Notes due 2024 and 1.250 Notes due 2029 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-6) of the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019) . 
 (4-7) - 
 Description of the Company s 1.375 Notes due 2025 and 1.800 Notes due 2029 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-7) of the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019) . 
 (4-8) - 
 Description of the Company s 1.125 Notes due 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-8) of the Company s Annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2019) . 
 (4-9) - 
 Description of the Company's 0.350 EUR Notes due 2030 and 0.900 EUR Notes due 2041 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-10) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022) . 
 (4-10) - 
 Description of the Company's 0.110 Yen Notes due 2026 and 0.230 Yen Notes due 2031 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (4-1 1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022 . 
 (4-11) - 
 Description of the Company's 3 . 25 0 Notes due 2026 and 3. 25 0 Notes due 2031 .+ 

The Procter Gamble Company 65 

 Exhibit (10-1) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2001 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended), which was originally adopted by shareholders at the annual meeting on October 9, 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-1) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018) . 
 (10-2) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2001 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan related correspondence and terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-1) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2013) . 
 (10-3) - 
 The Procter Gamble 1992 Stock Plan (as amended December 11, 2001), which was originally adopted by the shareholders at the annual meeting on October 12, 1992 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-2) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018) . 
 (10-4) - 
 The Procter Gamble Executive Group Life Insurance Policy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-3) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018) . 
 (10-5) - 
 Summary of the Company s Retirement Plan Restoration Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-5) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019) . 
 (10-6) - 
 Retirement Plan Restoration Program - Related Correspondence and Terms and Conditions . + 
 (10-7) - 
 Summary of the Company s Long-Term Incentive Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-3) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020) . 
 (10-8) - 
 Long-Term Incentive Program related correspondence and terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-3) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) . 
 (10-9) - 
 The Procter Gamble Company Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-2) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020) . 
 (10-10) - 
 Summary of the Company's Short Term Achievement Reward Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-1) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2022) . 
 (10-11) - 
 Short Term Achievement Reward Program related correspondence and terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-2) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) . 
 (10-12) - 
 Company's Form of Separation Agreement Release (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-12) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2022) . 
 (10-13) - 
 Company's Form of Separation Letter and Release (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-1) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 3 1 , 2023) . 
 (10-14) - 
 Summary of personal benefits available to certain officers and non-employee directors (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-5) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) . 
 (10-15) - 
 The Gillette Company Deferred Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-18) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017) . 
 (10-16) - 
 Senior Executive Recoupment Policy (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-19) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018) . 
 (10-17) - 
 The Gillette Company Deferred Compensation Plan (for salary deferrals prior to January 1, 2005) as amended through August 21, 2006 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-20) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017) . 
 (10-18) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, which was originally adopted by shareholders at the annual meeting on October 13, 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-21) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017) . 
 (10-19) - 
 Regulations of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee for The Procter Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, The Procter Gamble 2001 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, The Procter Gamble 1992 Stock Plan, The Procter Gamble 1992 Stock Plan (Belgium Version), The Gillette Company 2004 Long-Term Incentive Plan and the Gillette Company 1971 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-21) of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2018) . 
 (10-20) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2009 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan - Additional terms and conditions and related correspondence (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-2) of the Company Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2013) . 
 (10-21) - 
 The Procter Gamble Performance Stock Program Summary (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-5) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020) . 
 (10-22) - 
 Performance Stock Program related correspondence and terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-4) of the Company s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2021) . 
 (10-23) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2013 Non-Employee Directors' Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-3) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2013) . 

66 The Procter Gamble Company 

 (10-24) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, which was originally adopted by shareholders at the annual meeting on October 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-25) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2016) . 
 (10-25) - 
 Regulations of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee for The Procter Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan and The Procter Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-1) of the Company's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2019) . 
 (10-26) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2014 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan - Additional terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-26) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2017) . 
 (10-27) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan, which was originally adopted by shareholders at the annual meeting on October 8, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-1) of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 11, 2019) . 
 (10-28) - 
 The Procter Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan - Additional terms and conditions (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (10-28) of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2021) . 
 Exhibit (21) - 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant . + 
 Exhibit (23) - 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm . + 
 Exhibit (31) - 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications . + 
 Exhibit (32) - 
 Section 1350 Certifications . + 
 Exhibit (99-1) - 
 Summary of Directors and Officers Insurance Program . + 
 101.INS (1) Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE (1) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (1) Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability. Compensatory plan or arrangement. + Filed herewith. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 Not applicable. 

The Procter Gamble Company 67 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized in the city of Cincinnati, State of Ohio. 
 THE PROCTER GAMBLE COMPANY By /s/ JON R. MOELLER (Jon R. Moeller) Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer August 04, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ JON R. MOELLER 
 (Jon R. Moeller) 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) August 04, 2023 /s/ ANDRE SCHULTEN 
 (Andre Schulten) 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) August 04, 2023 /s/ MATTHEW W. JANZARUK 
 (Matthew W. Janzaruk) 
 Senior Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) August 04, 2023 /s/ B. MARC ALLEN 
 (B. Marc Allen) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ SHEILA BONINI 
 (Sheila Bonini) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ ANGELA F. BRALY 
 (Angela F. Braly) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ AMY L. CHANG 
 (Amy L. Chang) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ JOSEPH JIMENEZ 
 (Joseph Jimenez) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ CHRISTOPHER J. KEMPCZINSKI 
 (Christopher J. Kempczinski) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ DEBRA L. LEE 
 (Debra L. Lee) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ TERRY J. LUNDGREN 
 (Terry J. Lundgren) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ CHRISTINE M. MCCARTHY 
 (Christine M. McCarthy) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ ROBERT J. PORTMAN 
 (Robert J. Portman) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ RAJESH SUBRAMANIAM 
 (Rajesh Subramaniam) 
 Director August 04, 2023 /s/ PATRICIA A. WOERTZ 
 (Patricia A. Woertz) 
 Director August 04, 2023 

<EX-4.11>
 2
 fy222310-kexhibit4x11.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S 3.250 NOTES DUE 2026 AND 3.250 NOTES DUE 2031

Document 

Exhibit (4-11) 
 
 Description of the Company s 3.250 EUR Notes due 2026 and 3.250 EUR Notes due 2031 

Description of the Company s 3.250 EUR Notes due 2026 and 3.250 EUR Notes due 2031, Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 The following summary of The Procter & Gamble Company s above referenced debt securities is based on and qualified by the Indenture, dated as of September 3, 2009, between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as Trustee (the Indenture and the 3.250 EUR notes due 2026 and 3.250 EUR notes due 2031 (collectively, the notes ). For a complete description of the terms and provisions of the Company s notes, refer to the Indenture and to the forms of notes, which are filed as exhibits to the Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 2, 2023. 
 
 General 
 
 The 2026 notes 
 
 were issued in an aggregate initial principal amount of 650,000,000, subject to our ability to issue additional 2026 notes which may be of the same series as the 2026 notes as described below under Further Issues, 
 will mature on August 2, 2026, 
 bear interest at a rate of 3.250 per annum, payable annually in arrears, 
 are unsecured, 
 are senior debt, ranking equally with all of our other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, 
 were issued as a separate series under the Indenture, in registered, book-entry form only, 
 were issued in euros in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, 
 will be repaid at par at maturity, 
 are redeemable by us at any time prior to maturity as described below under Optional Redemption and in connection with certain events involving United States taxation, 
 are subject to defeasance and covenant defeasance, and 
 are not subject to any sinking fund. 
 
 The 2031 notes 
 
 were issued in an aggregate initial principal amount of 650,000,000 subject to our ability to issue additional 2031 notes which may be of the same series as the 2031 notes as described below under Further Issues, 
 will mature on August 2, 2031, 
 bear interest at a rate of 3.250 per annum, payable annually in arrears, 
 are unsecured, 
 are senior debt, ranking equally with all of our other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness, 
 were issued as a separate series under the Indenture, in registered, book-entry form only, 
 were issued in euros in denominations of 100,000 and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, 
 will be repaid at par at maturity, 
 are redeemable by us at any time prior to maturity as described below under Optional Redemption and in connection with certain events involving United States taxation, 

are subject to defeasance and covenant defeasance, and 
 are not subject to any sinking fund. 
 
 The Indenture and the notes do not limit the amount of indebtedness which may be incurred or the amount of securities which may be issued by us or our subsidiaries, and contain no financial or similar restrictions on us or our subsidiaries, except as described under the captions Restrictions on Secured Debt and Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks. 
 
 The notes are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Interest 
 
 We pay interest on the 2026 notes and the 2031 notes annually on August 2 of each year, and on any maturity date (each, an interest payment date ), commencing August 2, 2023 and ending on any maturity date, to the persons in whose names the 2026 notes and the 2031 notes are registered at the close of business on the Business Day immediately before the next interest payment date provided, however, that interest payable on any maturity date shall be payable to the person to whom the principal of such notes shall be payable. 
 
 Interest payable on any interest payment date or maturity date shall be the amount of interest accrued from, and including, the immediately preceding interest payment date in respect of which interest has been paid or duly provided for (or from and including the original issue date, if no interest has been paid or duly provided for with respect to the notes) to, but excluding, such interest payment date or maturity date, as the case may be. If any interest payment date is not a Business Day at the relevant place of payment, we will pay interest on the next day that is a Business Day at such place of payment as if payment were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the immediately succeeding Business Day. If the maturity date or redemption date of the notes is not a Business Day at the relevant place of payment, we will pay interest, if any, and principal and premium, if any, on the next day that is a Business Day at such place of payment as if payment were made on the date such payment was due, and no interest will accrue on the amounts so payable for the period from and after such date to the immediately succeeding Business Day. 
 
 Where interest is to be calculated in respect of a period which is equal to or shorter than the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated (an Interest Period ), it will be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the relevant period, from and including the date from which interest begins to accrue, to, but excluding, the date on which it falls due, divided by the number of days in the Interest Period in which the relevant period falls (including the first such day but excluding the last). 
 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday or Sunday and that is not a day on which banking institutions are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to close in the City of New York or London and, for any place of payment outside of the City of New York or London, in such place of payment, and on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (the TARGET2 system), or any successor thereto, operates. 

The term maturity, when used with respect to a note, means the date on which the principal of such note or an installment of principal becomes due and payable as therein provided or as provided in the Indenture, whether at the stated maturity or by declaration of acceleration, call for redemption, repayment or otherwise. 
 
 Optional Redemption 
 
 We have the option to redeem the notes of either series, in whole or in part, at our option at any time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest on the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date on which the notes are to be redeemed, or (2) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest on the notes to be redeemed, not including any portion of these payments of interest accrued as of the date of which the notes are to be redeemed, discounted to the date on which the notes are to be redeemed on an annual basis (ACTUAL ACTUAL (ICMA)) at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate (as defined below), plus 10 basis points with respect to the 2026 notes and at the applicable Comparable Government Bond Rate, plus 15 basis points with respect to the 2031 notes, plus accrued interest on the notes to be redeemed to, but excluding, the date on which the notes are to be redeemed. 
 
 Comparable Government Bond Rate means the price, expressed as a percentage (rounded to three decimal places, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards), at which the gross redemption yield on the notes to be redeemed, if they were to be purchased at such price on the third Business Day prior to the date fixed for redemption, would be equal to the gross redemption yield on such Business Day of the Comparable Government Bond (as defined below) on the basis of the middle market price of the Comparable Government Bond prevailing at 11 00 a.m. (London time) on such Business Day as determined by an independent investment bank selected by us. 
 
 Comparable Government Bond means, in relation to any Comparable Government Bond Rate calculation, at the discretion of an independent investment bank selected by us, a German government bond whose maturity is closest to the maturity of the notes to be redeemed, or if such independent investment bank in its discretion determines that such similar bond is not in issue, such other German government bond as such independent investment bank may, with the advice of three brokers of, and or market makers in, German government bonds selected by us, determine to be appropriate for determining the Comparable Government Bond Rate. 
 
 In the case of a partial redemption of any series of notes, the notes to be redeemed will be selected on a pro rata basis or by the trustee by a method the trustee deems to be fair and appropriate or, in case the notes are represented by one or more global notes, beneficial interests therein will be selected for redemption by Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear in accordance with their respective applicable procedures therefor provided that the unredeemed portion of the note shall be 100,000 in principal amount and 1,000 multiples above that amount. A new note in a principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion of the note will be issued in the name of the holder of the note upon surrender of the original note. 
 
 Notice of any redemption will be sent at least 10 days but not more than 60 days before the redemption date to each holder of notes of the applicable series to be redeemed. 

The notes of each series are also subject to redemption if certain events occur involving United States taxation. See Tax Redemption below. 
 
 Additional Amounts 
 
 All payments of principal and interest in respect of the notes will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the United States (collectively, Taxes ), unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. 
 
 In the event such withholding or deduction of Taxes is required by law, subject to the limitations described below, we will pay to the holder or beneficial owner of any note that is not a United States holder such additional amounts Additional Amounts as may be necessary in order that every net payment by us or any paying agent of principal of or interest on the notes (including upon redemption), after deduction or withholding for or on account of such Taxes, will not be less than the amount provided for in such note to be then due and payable before deduction or withholding for or on account of such Taxes. 
 
 However, our obligation to pay Additional Amounts shall not apply to 
 
 (a) any Taxes which would not have been so imposed but for 
 
 (1) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or beneficial owner (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder or other equity owner of, or a person having a power over, such holder or beneficial owner, if such holder or beneficial owner is an estate, a trust, a limited liability company, a partnership, a corporation or other entity) and the United States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, shareholder or other equity owner or person having such a power) being or having been a citizen or resident or treated as a resident of the United States or being or having been engaged in a trade or business in the United States or being or having been present in the United States or having had a permanent establishment in the United States 
 
 (2) the failure of such holder or beneficial owner to comply with any requirement under United States tax laws and regulations to establish entitlement to a partial or complete exemption from such Taxes (including, but not limited to, the requirement to provide Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E, Form W-8ECI, or any subsequent versions thereof or successor thereto) or 
 
 (3) such holder s or beneficial owner s present or former status as a personal holding company or a foreign personal holding company with respect to the United States, as a controlled foreign corporation with respect to the United States, as a passive foreign investment company with respect to the United States, as a foreign tax exempt organization with respect to the United States or as a corporation which accumulates earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax 
 
 (b) any Taxes imposed by reason of the holder or beneficial owner 

(1) owning or having owned, directly or indirectly, actually or constructively, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock, 
 
 (2) being a bank receiving interest described in section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), or 
 
 (3) being a controlled foreign corporation with respect to the United States that is related to us by stock ownership 
 
 (c) any Taxes which would not have been so imposed but for the presentation by the holder or beneficial owner of such note for payment on a date more than 10 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable or the date on which payment of the note is duly provided for and notice is given to holders, whichever occurs later, except to the extent that the holder or beneficial owner would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such note on any date during such 10-day period 
 
 (d) any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer, personal property, wealth, interest equalization or similar Taxes 
 
 (e) any Taxes which are payable otherwise than by withholding from payment of principal of or interest on such note 
 
 (f) any Taxes which are payable by a holder that is not the beneficial owner of the note, or a portion of the note, or that is a fiduciary, partnership, limited liability company or other similar entity, but only to the extent that a beneficial owner, a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or member of such partnership, limited liability company or similar entity would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had such beneficial owner, settlor, beneficiary or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment 
 
 (g) any Taxes required to be withheld by any paying agent from any payment of principal of or interest on any note, if such payment can be made without such withholding by any other paying agent 
 
 (h) any Taxes imposed under Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code (or any amended or successor provisions that are substantively comparable) and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof or 
 
 (i) any combination of items (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), (g) and (h). 
 
 For purposes of this section, the acquisition, ownership, enforcement or holding of or the receipt of any payment with respect to a note will not constitute a connection (1) between the holder or beneficial owner and the United States or (2) between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder or other equity owner of, or a person having a power over, such holder or beneficial owner if such holder or beneficial owner is an estate, a trust, a limited liability company, a partnership, a corporation or other entity and the United States. 

Any reference in this exhibit, in the indenture or in the notes to principal or interest shall be deemed to refer also to Additional Amounts which may be payable under the provisions of this section. 
 
 We will pay all stamp and other duties, if any, which may be imposed by the United States or any political subdivision thereof or taxing authority therein with respect to the issuance of the notes. 
 
 Except as specifically provided in the notes, we will not be required to make any payment with respect to any tax, duty, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by any government or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the United States. 
 
 Tax Redemption 
 
 The notes of either series may be redeemed at our option, in whole but not in part, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, together with interest accrued and unpaid to the date fixed for redemption, at any time, on giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days notice in accordance with Notices below if 
 
 (a) we have or will become obligated to pay Additional Amounts as a result of any change in or amendment to the laws, regulations or rulings of the United States or any political subdivision or any taxing authority of or in the United States affecting taxation, or any change in or amendment to an official application, interpretation, administration or enforcement of such laws, regulations or rulings, which change or amendment is announced or becomes effective on or after April 24, 2023 or 
 
 (b) any action shall have been taken by a taxing authority, or any action has been brought in a court of competent jurisdiction, in the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the United States, including any of those actions specified in (a) above, whether or not such action was taken or brought with respect to us, or any change, clarification, amendment, application or interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings shall be officially proposed, in any such case on or after April 24, 2023, which results in a substantial likelihood that we will be required to pay Additional Amounts on the next interest payment date. 
 
 However, no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which we would be, in the case of a redemption for the reasons specified in (a) above, or there would be a substantial likelihood that we would be, in the case of a redemption for the reasons specified in (b) above, obligated to pay such Additional Amounts if a payment in respect of the notes were then due and at the time such notification of redemption is given such circumstances remain in effect. 
 
 Such notice, once delivered by us to the trustee, will be irrevocable. 
 
 Prescription 
 
 Under New York s statute of limitations, any legal action to enforce our payment obligations evidenced by the notes or the coupons must be commenced within six years after the payment thereof is due thereafter our payment obligations will generally become unenforceable. 

Further Issues 
 
 We may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of the registered holders of notes of any series, create and issue further notes ranking equally with the notes of any series in all respects. Such further notes may be consolidated and form a single series with the notes of any such series and have the same terms as to status, redemption or otherwise as the other notes of such series (other than the issue date of such further notes and first payment of interest following the issue date of such further notes). 
 
 Restricted Covenants 
 Restrictions on Secured Debt 
 
 If we or any Domestic Subsidiary shall incur, issue, assume or guarantee any Debt secured by a Mortgage on any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property of ours or any Domestic Subsidiary s or on any shares of stock of any Domestic Subsidiary that owns a Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, we will secure, or cause such Domestic Subsidiary to secure, the debt securities then outstanding equally and ratably with (or prior to) such Debt. However, we will not be restricted by this covenant if, after giving effect to the particular Debt so secured the total amount of all Debt so secured, together with all Attributable Debt in respect of sale and leaseback transactions involving Principal Domestic Manufacturing Properties, would not exceed 15 of our and our consolidated subsidiaries Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. 
 
 In addition, the restriction will not apply to, and there shall be excluded in computing secured Debt for the purpose of the restriction, Debt secured by 
 
 (1) with respect to any series of debt securities, Mortgages existing on the date of the original issuance of the debt securities of such series 
 (2) Mortgages on property of, or on any shares of stock of, any corporation existing at the time the corporation becomes a Domestic Subsidiary or at the time it is merged into or consolidated with us or a Domestic Subsidiary 
 (3) Mortgages in favor of us or a Domestic Subsidiary 
 (4) Mortgages in favor of U.S., State or foreign governmental bodies to secure progress or advance payments 
 (5) Mortgages on property or shares of stock existing at the time of their acquisition, including acquisition through merger or consolidation, purchase money Mortgages and construction or improvement cost Mortgages and 
 (6) any extension, renewal or refunding of any Mortgage referred to in the immediately preceding clauses (1) through (5), inclusive. 
 
 The indenture does not restrict the incurrence of unsecured debt by us or our subsidiaries 
 
 Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks 
 
 Neither we nor any Domestic Subsidiary may enter into any sale and leaseback transaction involving any Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property, the completion of construction and commencement of full operation of which has occurred more than 180 days prior to the transaction, unless 

we or the Domestic Subsidiary could incur a lien on the property under the restrictions described above under Restrictions on Secured Debt in an amount equal to the Attributable Debt with respect to the sale and leaseback transaction without equally and ratably securing the debt securities then outstanding, or 
 we, within 180 days, apply to either (or a combination of) the investment in one or more other Principal Domestic Manufacturing Properties or the retirement of our Funded Debt an amount not less than the greater of (1) the net proceeds of the sale of the Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property leased pursuant to such arrangement or (2) the fair market value of the Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property so leased, subject to credits for various voluntary retirements of Funded Debt. 
 
 This restriction will not apply to any sale and leaseback transaction 
 
 between us and a Domestic Subsidiary, 
 between Domestic Subsidiaries, or 
 involving the taking back of a lease for a period of less than three years. 
 
 Definitions Applicable to Covenants 
 
 The term Attributable Debt means the lesser of (1) the fair market value of the Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property sold and leased back at the time of entering into a sale and leaseback transaction and (2) the total net amount of rent, discounted at 10 per annum compounded annually, required to be paid during the remaining term of any lease. 
 
 The term Consolidated Net Tangible Assets means our total assets, less net goodwill and other intangible assets, less total current liabilities, all as described on our and our consolidated subsidiaries most recent balance sheet and calculated based on positions as reported in our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The term Debt means notes, bonds, debentures or other similar evidences of indebtedness for money borrowed. 
 
 The term Domestic Subsidiary means any of our subsidiaries except a subsidiary which neither transacts any substantial portion of its business nor regularly maintains any substantial portion of its fixed assets within the United States or which is engaged primarily in financing our and our subsidiaries operations outside the United States. 
 
 The term Funded Debt means Debt having a maturity of more than 12 months from its date of creation. 
 
 The term Mortgage means pledges, mortgages and other liens. 
 
 The term Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property means any facility (together with the land on which it is erected and fixtures comprising a part of the land) used primarily for manufacturing or processing, located in the United States, owned or leased by us or one of our subsidiaries and having a gross book value in excess of 1.0 of Consolidated Net Tangible Assets. However, the term Principal Domestic Manufacturing Property does not include any 

facility or portion of a facility (1) which is financed by obligations the interest on which is exempt from U.S. federal income tax pursuant to Section 103 of the Code (or any predecessor or successor provision thereof), or (2) which, in the opinion of our board of directors, is not of material importance to the total business conducted by us and our subsidiaries as an entirety. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 Any one of the following are events of default under the Indenture with respect to debt securities of either series 
 
 (1) our failure to pay principal of or premium, if any, on any debt security of that series when due 
 (2) our failure to pay any interest on any debt security of that series when due, continued for 30 days 
 (3) our failure to deposit any sinking fund payment, when due, in respect of any debt security of that series 
 (4) our failure to perform any other of our covenants in the Indenture which affects or is applicable to the debt securities of that series, other than a covenant included in the Indenture solely for the benefit of other series of debt securities, continued for 90 days after written notice as provided in the indenture 
 (5) certain events involving bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization and 
 (6) any other event of default provided with respect to debt securities of that series. 
 
 If an event of default with respect to outstanding debt securities of any series shall occur and be continuing, either the trustee or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may declare the principal amount (or, if the debt securities of that series are original issue discount securities, the portion of the principal amount as may be specified in the terms of that series) of all the debt securities of that series to be due and payable immediately. At any time after a declaration of acceleration with respect to debt securities of any series has been made, but before a judgment or decree based on acceleration has been obtained, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of that series may, under some circumstances, rescind and annul the acceleration. For information as to waiver of defaults, see the section below entitled Modification and Waiver. 
 
 During default, the trustee has a duty to act with the required standard of care. Otherwise, the Indenture provides that the trustee will be under no obligation to exercise any of its rights or powers under the Indenture at the request or direction of any of the holders, unless the holders shall have offered to the trustee reasonable indemnity. If the provisions for indemnification of the trustee have been satisfied, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series will have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any proceeding for any remedy available to the trustee, or exercising any trust or power conferred on the trustee, with respect to the debt securities of that series. 
 
 We will furnish to the trustee annually a certificate as to our compliance with all conditions and covenants under the Indenture. 
 
 Defeasance 
 Defeasance and Discharge 

We will be discharged from any and all obligations in respect of the debt securities of any series if we deposit with the trustee, in trust, money and or U.S. government securities which through the payment of interest and principal will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and each installment of interest on the debt securities of the series on the dates those payments are due and payable. 
 
 If we defease a series of debt securities, the holders of the debt securities of the series will not be entitled to the benefits of the Indenture, except for 
 
 the rights of holders to receive from the trust funds payment of principal, premium and interest on the debt securities, 
 our obligation to register the transfer or exchange of debt securities of the series, 
 our obligation to replace stolen, lost or mutilated debt securities of the series, 
 our obligation to maintain paying agencies, 
 our obligation to hold monies for payment in trust, and 
 the rights of holders to benefit, as applicable, from the rights, powers, trusts, duties and immunities of the trustee. 
 
 We may defease a series of debt securities only if, among other things, we have delivered to the Trustee an opinion of counsel to the effect that we have received from, or there has been published by, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service a ruling to the effect that holders and beneficial owners of the debt securities of the series will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit, defeasance and discharge and will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit, defeasance and discharge had not occurred. 

Defeasance of Covenants and Events of Default 
 
 We may omit to comply with the covenants described above under Restrictions on Secured Debt and Restrictions on Sales and Leasebacks , and the failure to comply with these covenants will not be deemed an event of default, if we deposit with the trustee, in trust, money and or U.S. government securities which through the payment of interest and principal will provide money in an amount sufficient to pay the principal of and premium, if any, and each installment of interest on the debt securities of the series on the dates those payments are due and payable. Our obligations under the Indenture and the debt securities of the series will remain in full force and effect, other than with respect to the defeased covenants and related events of default. 
 
 We may defease the covenants and the related events of default described above only if, among other things, we have delivered to the trustee an opinion of counsel, who may be our employee or counsel, to the effect that the holders and beneficial owners of the debt securities of the series will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the deposit and defeasance of the covenants and events of default, and the holders and beneficial owners of the debt securities of the series will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the same amount and in the same manner and at the same times as would have been the case if the deposit and defeasance had not occurred. 

If we choose covenant defeasance with respect to the debt securities of any series as described above and the debt securities of the series are declared due and payable because of the occurrence of any event of default other than the event of default described in clause (4) under Events of Default, the amount of money and U.S. government securities on deposit with the trustee will be sufficient to pay amounts due on the debt securities of the series at the time of their stated maturity. The amount on deposit with the trustee may not be sufficient to pay amounts due on the debt securities of the series at the time of the acceleration resulting from the event of default. However, we will remain liable for these payments. 
 
 Modification and Waiver 
 
 Procter & Gamble and the trustee may make modifications of and amendments to the indenture if the holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of each series affected by the modification or amendment consent to the modification or amendment. 
 
 However, the consent of the holder of each debt security affected will be required for any modification or amendment that 
 
 changes the stated maturity of the principal of, or any installment of principal of or interest on, any debt security, 
 reduces the principal amount of, or the premium, if any, or interest, if any, on, any debt security, 
 reduces the amount of principal of an original issue discount security payable upon acceleration of the maturity of the security, 
 changes the place or currency of payment of principal of, or premium, if any, or interest, if any, on, any debt security, 
 impairs the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any payment on any debt security, or 
 reduces the percentage in principal amount of debt securities of any series necessary to modify or amend the Indenture or to waive compliance with various provisions of the Indenture or to waive various defaults. 
 
 Without the consent of any holder of debt securities, we and the trustee may make modifications or amendments to the Indenture in order to 
 
 evidence the succession of another person to us and the assumption by that person of the covenants in the Indenture, 
 add to the covenants for the benefit of the holders, 
 add additional events of default, 
 permit or facilitate the issuance of securities in bearer form or uncertificated form, 
 add to, change, or eliminate any provision of the Indenture in respect of a series of debt securities to be created in the future, 
 secure the securities as required by Restrictive Covenants-Restrictions on Secured Debt, 
 establish the form or terms of securities of any series, 
 evidence the appointment of a successor trustee, or 

cure any ambiguity, correct or supplement any provision which may be inconsistent with another provision, or make any other provision, provided that any action may not adversely affect the interests of holders of debt securities in any material respect. 
 
 The holders of at least a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive compliance by us with various restrictive provisions of the Indenture. 
 
 The holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding debt securities of any series may on behalf of the holders of all debt securities of that series waive any past default with respect to that series, except 
 
 a default in the payment of the principal of or premium, if any, or interest on any debt security of that series, or 
 a default in respect of a provision which under the Indenture cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding debt security of that series that would be affected. 
 
 Consolidation, Merger and Sale of Assets 
 
 If the conditions below are met, we may, without the consent of any holders of outstanding debt securities 
 
 consolidate or merge with or into another entity, or 
 transfer or lease our assets as an entirety to another entity. 
 
 We have agreed that we will engage in a consolidation, merger or transfer or lease of assets as an entirety only if 
 
 either we are the surviving entity or the entity formed by the consolidation or into which we are merged or which acquires or leases our assets is a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or trust organized and existing under the laws of any United States jurisdiction and assumes our obligations on the debt securities and under the indenture, 
 after giving effect to the transaction no event of default would have happened and be continuing, and 
 various other conditions are met. 
 
 Regarding the Trustee 
 
 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas is the trustee under the indenture. In addition, affiliates of Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas may perform various commercial banking and investment banking services for Procter & Gamble and its subsidiaries from time to time in the ordinary course of business. 

</EX-4.11>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 fy222310-kexhibit10x6.htm
 RETIREMENT PLAN RESTORATION PROGRAM RELATED CORRESPONDENCE & TERMS & COND

Document 

EXHIBIT (10-6) 
 Retirement Plan Restoration Program - Related 
 Correspondence and Terms and Conditions 

FORM RTD AWARD AGREEMENT 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FIRST_NAME_MIDDLE_NAME_LAST_NAME 
 EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER 

Subject Award of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 This is to advise you that The Procter & Gamble Company Company hereby grants to you Restricted Stock Units RSUs of Procter & Gamble Common Stock as follows 
 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED OPTION_DATE,'DD-Month-YYYY'- Vest Date Immediately upon Achieving 5 Years of Service Original Settlement Date One Year Following Termination of Employment 
 This Award is granted in accordance with and subject to the terms of The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (including any applicable sub-plan) (the Plan ), the Regulations of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board of Directors Committee ), this Award Agreement including Attachments and the Settlement Instructions in place as may be revised from time to time. Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined herein are defined in the Plan. You may access the Plan by activating this hyperlink The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan and the Regulations and Sub Plans by activating this hyperlink Regulations of the Committee . If you have difficulty accessing the materials online, please send an email to Execcomp.IM pg.com for assistance. 
 
 Voting Rights and Dividend Equivalents 
 As a holder of RSUs, during the period from the Grant Date until the date the RSUs are paid, each time a cash dividend or other cash distribution is paid with respect to Common Stock, you will receive additional RSUs Dividend Equivalent RSUs ). The number of Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be determined as follows multiply the number of RSUs and Dividend Equivalent RSUs currently held by the per share amount of the cash dividend or other cash distribution on Common Stock, then divide the result by the price of the Common Stock on the date of the dividend or distribution. These Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be subject to the same terms and conditions as the original RSUs that gave rise to them, including vesting and settlement terms, except that if there is a fractional number of Dividend Equivalent RSUs on the date the RSUs are paid, the resulting fractional share units may be paid as cash, fractional shares, or rounded up to the nearest full share based on administrative preference of the Company. This Award represents an unfunded, unsecured right to receive payment in the future, and does not entitle you to voting rights or dividend rights as a shareholder. 
 
 Vesting and Payment 
 If you remain employed through the Vest Date, the Award will be paid on the Original Settlement Date or Agreed Settlement Date (as defined below), whichever is applicable, except in the case of a termination for death or Disability, as described below. If your Termination of Employment occurs for any reason before the Vest Date except for the reasons listed below, the Award will be forfeited. For the purposes of this Award, Termination of Employment will be effective as of the date that you are no longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period required under local law. 
 
 1. Termination on Account of Death or Disability . In the case of death or Disability, the Award will be fully vested and payment will be made by the later of the end of the calendar year or two and a half months following the date of death or Disability, as applicable. 
 
 2. Termination pursuant to a Written Separation Agreement. In the event of your Termination of Employment from the Company or a Subsidiary that occurs before the Vest Date for this Award, this Award is forfeited unless you have executed a written separation agreement with the Company that provides for retention of the Award. If the Award is 

retained pursuant to a separation agreement, the Award will be delivered on the Settlement Date as long as you remain in compliance with the terms of the Plan, the Regulations, and the separation agreement. 
 
 3. Termination in connection with a divestiture or separation of any of the Company s businesses . In the event of Termination of Employment from the Company in connection with a divestiture or separation of any of the Company s businesses, as determined by the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer, the Award is retained and will become deliverable on the Settlement Date as long as you remain in compliance with the terms of the Plan and the Regulations. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control, payment shall be made pursuant to the terms provided in the Plan. 
 
 Payment under this Award will be made in the form of Common Stock or such other form of payment as determined by the Committee pursuant to the Plan, subject to applicable tax withholding. 
 
 Deferral Election 
 At any time prior to Termination of Employment, you and the Company may agree to postpone the Original Settlement Date to such later date Agreed Settlement Date as may be elected by you, which date shall be at least five years later than the Original Settlement Date and in accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 
 
 This Award Agreement including Attachment A, the Plan and Regulations of the Committee together constitute an agreement between the Company and you in accordance with the terms thereof and hereof, and no other understandings and or agreements have been entered by you with the Company regarding this specific Award. Any legal action related to this Award, including Article 6 of the Plan, may be brought in any federal or state court located in Hamilton County, Ohio, USA, and you hereby agree to accept the jurisdiction of these courts and consent to service of process from said courts solely for legal actions related to this Award. 
 
 Notwithstanding the requirements of confidentiality, U.S. law protects individuals from liability under federal or state trade secret laws for disclosure of trade secrets made by such individual (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal or (iii) to the individual s attorney for use in a lawsuit alleging retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law, provided that any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the individual does not otherwise disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 

THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY Bala Purushothaman Chief Human Resources Officer 

Attachment A 
 
 Please note that when the issue or transfer of the Common Stock covered by this Award may, in the opinion of the Company, conflict or be inconsistent with any applicable law or regulation of any governmental agency, the Company reserves the right to refuse to issue or transfer said Common Stock and that any outstanding Awards may be suspended or terminated and net proceeds may be recovered by the Company if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions governing this Award. 
 
 Nature of the Award 
 By completing this form and accepting the Award evidenced hereby, I acknowledge that i) the Plan is established voluntarily by The Procter & Gamble Company P&G ), it is discretionary in nature and it may be amended, suspended or terminated at any time ii) Awards under the Plan are voluntary and occasional and this Award does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Awards, or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if Awards have been granted repeatedly in the past iii) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of P iv) my participation in the Plan is voluntary v) this Award is an extraordinary item and not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes including, but not limited to, calculating any termination, severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments vi) in the event that my employer is not P&G, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment relationship with P and furthermore, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with my employer Employer vii) the future value of the shares purchased under the Plan is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty, may increase or decrease in value and potentially have no value viii) my participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with my employer and shall not interfere with the ability of my employer to terminate my employment relationship at any time, with or without cause ix) and no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from the termination of the Award or the diminution in value of the Award or shares purchased and I irrevocably release P&G and my employer from any such claim that may arise. 
 
 Data Privacy 
 I hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of my personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, my Employer and The Procter & Gamble Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates P&G for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing my participation in the Plan. 
 
 I understand that P&G and my Employer hold certain personal information about me, including, but not limited to, my name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in P&G, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in my favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). I understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in my country or elsewhere (including countries outside the European Economic Area), and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than my country. I understand that I may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting my local human resources representative. I authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing my participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom I may elect to deposit any shares of stock acquired upon exercise or settlement of the Award. I understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage my participation in the Plan. I understand that I may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing my local human resources representative. I understand, however, that refusing or withdrawing my consent may affect my ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of my refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, I understand that I may contact my local human resources representative. 
 
 Responsibility for Taxes 
 Regardless of any action P&G or my Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), I acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains my responsibility and that P&G and or my Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of this Award, including the issuance, vesting or exercise, settlement, the subsequent sale of shares acquired, the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents or the potential impact of current or future tax legislation in any jurisdiction and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate my liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Prior to exercise or settlement of an Award, I shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to P&G and or my Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of P&G and or my employer. In this regard, I authorize P&G and or my Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items from my wages or other cash compensation paid to me by P&G and or my Employer or from proceeds of the sale of the shares. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, P&G may (1) sell or arrange for the sale of shares that I acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items, and or (2) withhold in shares, provided that P&G only withholds the amount of shares necessary to satisfy the minimum withholding amount. Finally, I shall pay to P&G or my Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that P&G or my Employer may be required to withhold as a result of my participation in the Plan or my purchase of shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. P&G may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the shares if I fail to comply with my obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section. 

FORM RTD-C AWARD AGREEMENT 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FIRST_NAME_MIDDLE_NAME_LAST_NAME 
 EMPLOYEE_IDENTIFIER 
 
 Subject Award of Restricted Stock Units 
 
 This is to advise you that The Procter & Gamble Company Company hereby grants to you Restricted Stock Units RSUs of Procter & Gamble Common Stock as follows 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED Grant Date OPTION_DATE,'DD-Month-YYYY' Vest Date Immediately upon Achieving 5 Years of Service Original Settlement Date One Year Following Termination of Employment 
 
 This Award is granted in accordance with and subject to the terms of The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan (including any applicable sub-plan) (the Plan ), the Regulations of the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board of Directors Committee ), this Award Agreement including Attachments and the Settlement Instructions in place as may be revised from time to time. Any capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not otherwise defined herein are defined in the Plan. You may access the Plan by activating this hyperlink The Procter & Gamble 2019 Stock and Incentive Compensation Plan and the Regulations and Sub Plans by activating this hyperlink Regulations of the Committee . If you have difficulty accessing the materials online, please send an email to Execcomp.IM pg.com for assistance. 
 
 Voting Rights and Dividend Equivalents 
 As a holder of RSUs, during the period from the Grant Date until the date the RSUs are paid, each time a cash dividend or other cash distribution is paid with respect to Common Stock, you will receive additional RSUs Dividend Equivalent RSUs ). The number of Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be determined as follows multiply the number of RSUs and Dividend Equivalent RSUs currently held by the per share amount of the cash dividend or other cash distribution on Common Stock, then divide the result by the price of the Common Stock on the date of the dividend or distribution. These Dividend Equivalent RSUs will be subject to the same terms and conditions as the original RSUs that gave rise to them, including vesting and settlement terms, except that if there is a fractional number of Dividend Equivalent RSUs on the date the RSUs are paid, the resulting fractional share units may be paid as cash, fractional shares, or rounded up to the nearest full share based on administrative preference of the Company. This Award represents an unfunded, unsecured right to receive payment in the future, and does not entitle you to voting rights or dividend rights as a shareholder. 
 
 Vesting and Payment 
 If you remain employed through the Vest Date, the Award will be paid on the Original Settlement Date or Agreed Settlement Date (as defined below), whichever is applicable, except in the case of a termination for death or Disability, as described below. If your Termination of Employment occurs for any reason before the Vest Date except for the reasons listed below, the Award will be forfeited. For the purposes of this Award, Termination of Employment will be effective as of the date that you are no longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period required under local law. 
 
 1. Termination on Account of Death or Disability . In the case of death or Disability, the Award will be fully vested and payment will be made by the later of the end of the calendar year or two and a half months following the date of death or Disability, as applicable. 
 
 2. Termination pursuant to a Written Separation Agreement. In the event that your Termination of Employment from the Company or a subsidiary that occurs before the Vest Date for this Award, this Award is forfeited unless you have executed a written separation agreement with the Company that provides for retention of the Award. If the Award is retained pursuant to a separation agreement, the Award will be delivered on the Settlement Date as long as you remain in compliance with the terms of the Plan, the Regulations, and the separation agreement. 
 
 3. Termination in connection with a divestiture or separation of any of the Company s businesses . In the event of Termination of Employment from the Company in connection with a divestiture or separation of any of the Company s businesses, as determined by the Company s Chief Human Resources Officer, the Award is retained and will become deliverable on the Settlement Date as long as you remain in compliance with the terms of the Plan and the Regulations. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control, payment shall be made pursuant to the terms provided in the Plan. 
 
 Payment under this Award will be made in the form of Common Stock or such other form of payment as determined by the Committee pursuant to the Plan, subject to applicable tax withholding. 
 
 Deferral Election 
 At any time prior to Termination of Employment, you and the Company may agree to postpone the Original Settlement Date to such later date Agreed Settlement Date as may be elected by you, which date shall be at least five years later than the Original Settlement Date and in accordance with Internal Revenue Code Section 409A. 
 
 Conversion to Deferred Compensation Plan 
 All or a portion of the RSUs and Dividend Equivalent RSUs granted to you pursuant to this Award Agreement may be diversified once the award becomes non-forfeitable on the Vest Date noted above, using investment choices available under The Procter & Gamble Company Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the Deferred Compensation Plan once you reach age 50. Conversions must be completed during one of the Company s open window periods for executives and are subject to the Company s Insider Trading Policy and any other restrictions in place at the time of conversion (claw-back provisions, share ownership requirements, etc.). 
 
 The amount diversified shall be determined by multiplying the number of RSUs to be converted by the closing price of the Company s Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of conversion. 
 
 These contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan will be placed into a notional account and administered in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in that plan, as amended, provided, however, that the timing of payment of amounts under such plan will be governed by the payment timing terms of this Award Agreement, including any election to defer the Original Settlement Date. 
 
 This Award Agreement including Attachment A, the Plan and Regulations of the Committee together constitute an agreement between the Company and you in accordance with the terms thereof and hereof, and no other understandings and or agreements have been entered by you with the Company regarding this specific Award. Any legal action related to this Award, including Article 6 of the Plan, may be brought in any federal or state court located in Hamilton County, Ohio, USA, and you hereby agree to accept the jurisdiction of these courts and consent to service of process from said courts solely for legal actions related to this Award. 
 
 Notwithstanding the requirements of confidentiality, U.S. law protects individuals from liability under federal or state trade secret laws for disclosure of trade secrets made by such individual (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal or (iii) to the individual s attorney for use in a lawsuit alleging retaliation for reporting a suspected violation of law, provided that any document containing the trade secret is filed under seal and the individual does not otherwise disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY Bala Purushothaman Chief Human Resources Officer 

Attachment A 
 
 Please note that when the issue or transfer of the Common Stock covered by this Award may, in the opinion of the Company, conflict or be inconsistent with any applicable law or regulation of any governmental agency, the Company reserves the right to refuse to issue or transfer said Common Stock and that any outstanding Awards may be suspended or terminated and net proceeds may be recovered by the Company if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions governing this Award. 
 
 Nature of the Award 
 By completing this form and accepting the Award evidenced hereby, I acknowledge that i) the Plan is established voluntarily by The Procter & Gamble Company P&G ), it is discretionary in nature and it may be amended, suspended or terminated at any time ii) Awards under the Plan are voluntary and occasional and this Award does not create any contractual or other right to receive future Awards, or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if Awards have been granted repeatedly in the past iii) all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of P iv) my participation in the Plan is voluntary v) this Award is an extraordinary item and not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes including, but not limited to, calculating any termination, severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments vi) in the event that my employer is not P&G, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment relationship with P and furthermore, the Award will not be interpreted to form an employment contract with my employer Employer vii) the future value of the shares purchased under the Plan is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty, may increase or decrease in value and potentially have no value viii) my participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with my employer and shall not interfere with the ability of my employer to terminate my employment relationship at any time, with or without cause ix) and no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages arises from the termination of the Award or the diminution in value of the Award or shares purchased and I irrevocably release P&G and my employer from any such claim that may arise. 
 
 Data Privacy 
 I hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of my personal data as described in this document by and among, as applicable, my Employer and The Procter & Gamble Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates P&G for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing my participation in the Plan. 
 
 I understand that P&G and my Employer hold certain personal information about me, including, but not limited to, my name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares of stock or directorships held in P&G, details of all Awards or any other entitlement to shares of stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in my favor, for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan Data ). I understand that Data may be transferred to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan, that these recipients may be located in my country or elsewhere (including countries outside the European Economic Area), and that the recipient s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than my country. I understand that I may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting my local human resources representative. I authorize the recipients to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing my participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of such Data as may be required to a broker or other third party with whom I may elect to deposit any shares of stock acquired upon exercise or settlement of the Award. I understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage my participation in the Plan. I understand that I may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing my local human resources representative. I understand, however, that refusing or withdrawing my consent may affect my ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of my refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, I understand that I may contact my local human resources representative. 
 
 Responsibility for Taxes 
 Regardless of any action P&G or my Employer takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related withholding Tax-Related Items ), I acknowledge that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains my responsibility and that P&G and or my Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of this Award, including the issuance, vesting or exercise, settlement, the subsequent sale of shares acquired, the receipt of any dividends or dividend equivalents or the potential impact of current or future tax legislation in any jurisdiction and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate my liability for Tax-Related Items. 
 
 Prior to exercise or settlement of an Award, I shall pay or make adequate arrangements satisfactory to P&G and or my Employer to satisfy all withholding and payment on account obligations of P&G and or my employer. In this regard, I authorize P&G and or my Employer to withhold all applicable Tax-Related Items from my wages or other cash compensation paid to me by P&G and or my Employer or from proceeds of the sale of the shares. Alternatively, or in addition, if permissible under local law, P&G may (1) sell or arrange for the sale of shares that I acquire to meet the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items, and or (2) withhold in shares, provided that P&G only withholds the amount of shares necessary to satisfy the minimum withholding amount. Finally, I shall pay to P&G or my Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that P&G or my Employer may be required to withhold as a result of my participation in the Plan or my purchase of shares that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. P&G may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the shares if I fail to comply with my obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items as described in this section. 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-21>
 4
 fy212210-kexhibit21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

EXHIBIT (21) 
 
 The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

The Procter & Gamble Company and Subsidiaries 
 
 The registrant's subsidiaries are listed below, omitting certain entities that have de minimis activity that, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of June 30, 2023. 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY Jurisdiction 1837, LLC Ohio Agile Pursuits Franchising, Inc. Ohio Agile Pursuits, Inc. Ohio Arbora & Ausonia, S.L.U. Spain Braun (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. China Braun GmbH Germany Celtic Insurance Company, Inc. Vermont Charlie Banana (USA), LLC Delaware Detergent Products Sarl Switzerland Detergenti S.A. Romania Farmacy Beauty Japan Kabushiki Kaisha Japan Farmacy Beauty, LLC New Jersey Fater Central Europe SRL Romania Fater Eastern Europe LLC Russia Fater Portugal Unipessoal Lda Portugal Fater S.p.A. Italy Fater Temizlik Urunleri Ltd STI Turkey First Aid Beauty Limited Delaware Fountain Square Music Publishing Co., Inc. Ohio FPG Oleochemicals Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia Gillette (China) Limited China Gillette (Shanghai) Ltd. China Gillette Australia Pty. Ltd. Australia Gillette Commercial Operations North America Massachusetts Gillette Diversified Operations Pvt. Ltd. India Gillette Dominicana, S.A.S. Dominican Republic Gillette Egypt S.A.E. Egypt Gillette Holding Company LLC Delaware Gillette India Limited India Gillette Industries Ltd. U.K. Gillette Latin America Holding B.V. Netherlands Gillette Management, LLC Delaware Gillette Pakistan Limited Pakistan Gillette Poland International Sp. z.o.o. Poland Gillette U.K. Limited U.K. Grooming Ventures - FL LLC Florida Grooming Ventures LLC Delaware Hyginett KFT Hungary iMFLUX Inc. Delaware Ismail Abudawood Procter & Gamble - Dammam Saudi Arabia Laboratoire Vicks S.A.S. France Laboratorios Vicks, S.L.U. Spain Lamberts Healthcare Ltd. U.K. Liberty Street Music Publishing Company, Inc. Ohio LLC Procter & Gamble - Novomoskovsk Russia LLC with foreign investments Procter & Gamble Ukraine Ukraine Mielle Organics, LLC Delaware Mielle, Inc. Delaware Modern Products Company - Jeddah Saudi Arabia Nature's Best Health Products Ltd. U.K. 

New Chapter Canada Inc. Canada New Chapter, Inc. Delaware Oral-B Laboratories Delaware P&G Consumer Health Germany GmbH Germany P&G Distribution East Africa Limited Kenya P&G Distribution Morocco SAS Morocco P&G Hair Care Holding, Inc. Delaware P&G Health Austria GmbH & Co. OG Austria P&G Health Belgium BV Belgium P&G Health France S.A.S. France P&G Health Germany GmbH Germany P&G Healthcare (Zhejiang) Company Limited China P&G Industrial Peru S.R.L. Peru P&G Innovation Godo Kaisha Japan P&G Investment Management Ltd. United Arab Emirates P&G Israel M.D.O. Ltd. Israel P&G Japan G.K. Japan P&G K.K. Japan P&G Northeast Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore P&G Prestige Godo Kaisha Japan P&G South African Trading (Pty.) Ltd. South Africa Petersburg Products International LLC Russia PG13 Launchpad Gamma, Inc. Delaware Phase II Holdings Corporation Philippines Principle Forsakrings AB Sweden Procter & Gamble (Chengdu) Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (China) Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (China) Sales Co., Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) Commerce Co. Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) Consumer Products Co., Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) Enterprise Management Service Company Limited China Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (Guangzhou) Technology Innovation Co., LTD. China Procter & Gamble (Health & Beauty Care) Limited U.K. Procter & Gamble (Jiangsu) Ltd. China Procter & Gamble (L&CP) Limited U.K. Procter & Gamble (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd Malaysia Procter & Gamble (Manufacturing) Ireland Limited Ireland Procter & Gamble (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Singapore Procter & Gamble Algeria EURL Algeria Procter & Gamble Amiens S.A.S. France Procter & Gamble Arabia L.L.C. United Arab Emirates Procter & Gamble Argentina SRL Argentina Procter & Gamble Asia Pte. Ltd. Singapore Procter & Gamble Australia Proprietary Limited Australia Procter & Gamble Azerbaijan Services LLC Azerbaijan Procter & Gamble Bangladesh Private Ltd. Bangladesh Procter & Gamble Blois S.A.S. France Procter & Gamble Brazil Holdings B.V. Netherlands Procter & Gamble Bulgaria EOOD Bulgaria Procter & Gamble Business Services Canada Company Canada Procter & Gamble Canada Holding B.V. Netherlands Procter & Gamble Chile Limitada Chile Procter & Gamble Colombia Ltda. Colombia Procter & Gamble Commercial LLC Puerto Rico 

Procter & Gamble Czech Republic s.r.o. Czech Republic Procter & Gamble d.o.o. za trgovinu Croatia Procter & Gamble Danmark ApS Denmark Procter & Gamble de Venezuela, S.C.A. Venezuela Procter & Gamble de Venezuela, S.R.L. Venezuela Procter & Gamble Detergent (Beijing) Ltd. China Procter & Gamble Deutschland GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Distributing (Philippines) Inc. Philippines Procter & Gamble Distribution Company (Europe) BV Belgium Procter & Gamble Distribution S.R.L. Romania Procter & Gamble Distributorskaya Compania LLC Russia Procter & Gamble do Brasil Ltda. Brazil Procter & Gamble do Brazil, LLC Delaware Procter & Gamble do Nordeste S A Brazil Procter & Gamble doo Beograd Serbia and Montenegro Procter & Gamble DS Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Procter & Gamble Eastern Europe, LLC Ohio Procter & Gamble Ecuador Cia. Ltda. Ecuador Procter & Gamble Egypt Egypt Procter & Gamble Egypt Distribution Egypt Procter & Gamble Egypt Holding Egypt Procter & Gamble Egypt Supplies Egypt Procter & Gamble Energy Company LLC Ohio Procter & Gamble Espa a, S.A.U. Spain Procter & Gamble Far East, Inc. Ohio Procter & Gamble Finance Holding Ltd. U.K. Procter & Gamble Finance Management S.a.r.l. Luxembourg Procter & Gamble Financial Investments LLP U.K. Procter & Gamble Financial Services Ltd. U.K. Procter & Gamble Finland OY Finland Procter & Gamble France S.A.S. France Procter & Gamble Germany GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Germany GmbH & Co. Operations oHG Germany Procter & Gamble Germany Holding GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Ghana Trading Limited Ghana Procter & Gamble GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Grundstucks-und Vermogensverwaltungs GmbH & Co. KG Germany Procter & Gamble Gulf FZE United Arab Emirates Procter & Gamble Hair Care, LLC Delaware Procter & Gamble Health Limited India Procter & Gamble Health Ltd. U.K. Procter & Gamble Health Poland Sp. z o.o. Poland Procter & Gamble Hellas Single Member Ltd. Greece Procter & Gamble Holding (Thailand) Limited Thailand Procter & Gamble Holding France S.A.S. France Procter & Gamble Holding GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Holding LLC Delaware Procter & Gamble Holding S.r.l. Italy Procter & Gamble Home Products Private Limited India Procter & Gamble Honduras S de RL Honduras Procter & Gamble Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong Procter & Gamble Hungary Wholesale Trading Partnership (KKT) Hungary Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care Limited India Procter & Gamble Inc. Canada Procter & Gamble India Holdings, Inc. Ohio 

Procter & Gamble Indochina Company Limited Vietnam Procter & Gamble Industrial - 2012 C.A. Venezuela Procter & Gamble Industrial e Comercial Ltda. Brazil Procter & Gamble Industrial S.C.A. Venezuela Procter & Gamble Interamericas de Costa Rica, Limitada Costa Rica Procter & Gamble Interamericas de El Salvador, Limitada de Capital Variable El Salvador Procter & Gamble Interamericas de Guatemala, Limitada Guatemala Procter & Gamble Interamericas de Panama, S. de R.L. Panama Procter & Gamble International Operations SA Switzerland Procter & Gamble International Operations SA-ROHQ Philippines Procter & Gamble International Sarl Switzerland Procter & Gamble Italia, S.p.A. Italy Procter & Gamble Kazakhstan Distribution LLP Kazakhstan Procter & Gamble Kazakhstan Operations LLP Kazakhstan Procter & Gamble Korea S&D Co. Korea Procter & Gamble Korea, Inc. Korea Procter & Gamble Leasing LLC Ohio Procter & Gamble Levant S.A.L. Lebanon Procter & Gamble Limited U.K. Procter & Gamble LLC Russia Procter & Gamble Manufacturing (Thailand) Limited Thailand Procter & Gamble Manufacturing (Tianjin) Co. Ltd. China Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Belgium N.V. Belgium Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Berlin GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Manufacturing GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Procter & Gamble Manufacturing SA (Pty) Ltd South Africa Procter & Gamble Marketing Romania SRL Romania Procter & Gamble Mataro, S.L.U. Spain Procter & Gamble Mexico (US) LLC Delaware Procter & Gamble Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. Mexico Procter & Gamble Middle East FZE United Arab Emirates Procter & Gamble Nederland B.V. Netherlands Procter & Gamble Nigeria Limited Nigeria Procter & Gamble Norge AS Norway Procter & Gamble Operations Polska Sp. z o.o. Poland Procter & Gamble Overseas India B.V. Netherlands Procter & Gamble Pakistan (Private) Limited Pakistan Procter & Gamble Peru S.R.L. Peru Procter & Gamble Philippines Business Services Inc. Philippines Procter & Gamble Philippines, Inc. Philippines Procter & Gamble Polska Sp. z o.o Poland Procter & Gamble Portugal - Produtos De Consumo, Higiene e Sa de S.A. Portugal Procter & Gamble Product Supply (U.K.) Limited U.K. Procter & Gamble Productions, Inc. Ohio Procter & Gamble Retail Services Sarl Switzerland Procter & Gamble RHD, Inc. Ohio Procter & Gamble RSC Regional Service Company Ltd. Hungary Procter & Gamble S.r.l. Italy Procter & Gamble Service, GmbH Germany Procter & Gamble Services (Switzerland) Sarl Switzerland Procter & Gamble Services Company N.V. Belgium Procter & Gamble South Central Asia Sarl Switzerland Procter & Gamble Sverige AB Sweden Procter & Gamble Taiwan Limited Taiwan 

Procter & Gamble Taiwan Sales Company Limited Taiwan Procter & Gamble Technical Centres Limited U.K. Procter & Gamble Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. China Procter & Gamble Trading (Thailand) Limited Thailand Procter & Gamble Trading Ukraine , LLC Ukraine Procter & Gamble Tuketim Mallari Sanayii A.S. Turkey Procter & Gamble UK U.K. Procter & Gamble UK Group Holdings Ltd U.K. Procter & Gamble Vietnam Company Limited Vietnam Procter & Gamble West Africa Sarl Switzerland Procter & Gamble, Spol. s.r.o. (Ltd.) Slovak Republic Procter & Gamble-Rakona s.r.o. Czech Republic Procter and Gamble Lanka (Private) Limited Sri Lanka Progam Realty & Development Corporation Philippines Proof Company, LLC California PT Procter & Gamble Home Products Indonesia Indonesia PT Procter & Gamble Operations Indonesia Indonesia Redmond Products, Inc. Minnesota Richardson-Vicks Real Estate Inc. Ohio Riverfront Music Publishing Co., Inc. Ohio Rosemount LLC Delaware Series Acquisition B.V. Netherlands Seven Seas Limited U.K. Shanghai Farmacy Beauty Co., Ltd. China Shulton, Inc. New Jersey Snowberry New Zealand Limited New Zealand SPD Development Company Limited U.K. SPD Swiss Precision Diagnostics GmbH Switzerland Sunflower Distributing LLC Delaware Tambrands Inc. Delaware TAOS - FL, LLC Florida Temple Trees Impex & Investment Private Limited India The Caden Companies, LLC California The Dover Wipes Company Ohio The Gillette Company LLC Delaware The Procter & Gamble Distributing LLC Delaware The Procter & Gamble Global Finance Company, LLC Ohio The Procter & Gamble Manufacturing Company Ohio The Procter & Gamble Paper Products Company Ohio The Procter & Gamble U.S. Business Services Company Ohio This is L. Inc. Delaware TULA Life, Inc. Delaware United Beauty Brands, LLC California US CD LLC Delaware VitaminHaus Pty Ltd Australia VitaminHaus Pty Ltd U.K. Walker & Co. Brands, Inc. Delaware Winc Design Limited Hong Kong Zenlen, Inc. Delaware ZeroBrush, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 fy222310-kexhibit23.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Document 

EXHIBIT (23) 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following registration statements of our reports dated August 4, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of The Procter & Gamble Company and the effectiveness of The Procter & Gamble Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 
 Form S-8 Form S-8 Form S-3 No. 33-49289 No. 333-108997 No. 333-249543 No. 33-47656 No. 333-108998 No. 333-249545 No. 33-50273 No. 333-108999 No. 333-249546 No. 33-51469 No. 333-111304 No. 333-14381 No. 333-128859 No. 333-21783 No. 333-143801 No. 333-37905 No. 333-155046 No. 333-51213 No. 333-161725 No. 333-51219 No. 333-164612 No. 333-51221 No. 333-192841 No. 333-34606 No. 333-208407 No. 333-44034 No. 333-208408 No. 333-47132 No. 333-208409 No. 333-75030 No. 333-208410 No. 333-100561 No. 333-208411 No. 333-108991 No. 333-208412 No. 333-108993 No. 333-234131 No. 333-108994 No. 333-199592 No. 333-108995 No. 333-270100 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 

Cincinnati, Ohio 
 
 August 4, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 fy222310-kexhibit31.htm
 RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) CERTIFICATIONS

Document 

EXHIBIT (31) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 

I, Jon R. Moeller, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this Form 10-K of The Procter & Gamble Company 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 i) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 ii) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 iii) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 iv) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s JON R. MOELLER 
 
 (Jon R. Moeller) 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 August 4, 2023 
 Date 

EXHIBIT (31) 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certifications 

I, Andre Schulten, certify that 
 
 (1) I have reviewed this Form 10-K of The Procter & Gamble Company 
 
 (2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 (3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 (4) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 i) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 ii) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 iii) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 iv) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 (5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

s ANDRE SCHULTEN 
 
 (Andre Schulten) 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 August 4, 2023 
 Date 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 fy222310-kexhibit32.htm
 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS

Document 

EXHIBIT (32) 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of The Procter & Gamble Company (the Company certifies to his knowledge that 
 
 (1) Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations of the Company. 

s JON R. MOELLER 
 
 (Jon R. Moeller) 
 Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 August 4, 2023 
 Date 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Procter & Gamble Company and will be retained by The Procter & Gamble Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

EXHIBIT (32) 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of The Procter & Gamble Company (the Company certifies to his knowledge that 
 
 (1) Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended June 30, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in that Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations of the Company. 

s ANDRE SCHULTEN 
 
 (Andre Schulten) 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 August 4, 2023 
 Date 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to The Procter & Gamble Company and will be retained by The Procter & Gamble Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 8
 fy222310-kexhibit99x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 99.1 SUMMARY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS INSURANCE PROGRAM

Document 

EXHIBIT (99-1) 
 
 Summary of Directors and Officers Insurance Program 

T he Procter & Gamble Company purchases Directors and Officers Liability insurance from various insurance carriers. The policy limits for the period from June 30, 2022 to June 30, 2023 were 300 million. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 pg-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 pg-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 pg-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 pg-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 pg-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

