<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230913_10-K_edgar_data_1442492_0001199835-23-000476.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4626689</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152299</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>864009</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1447131</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>824343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1223644</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001199835-23-000476.hdr.sgml : 20230913
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230913172502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001199835-23-000476
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230913
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230913

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Laredo Oil, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001442492
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				262435874
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-153168
		FILM NUMBER:		231253551

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 GUADALUPE STREET,
		STREET 2:		STE. 260
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78705
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(512) 337-1199

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2021 GUADALUPE STREET,
		STREET 2:		STE. 260
		CITY:			AUSTIN
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78705

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Laredo Mining, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001199835-23-000476.txt : 20230913

10-K
 1
 lrdc-10k.htm
 LAREDO OIL, INC. 10-K

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended 

or 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to _________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
 name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 None 

Securities
 registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). x No
 o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated
 filer 
 o 

x 
 Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12-b of the Act). Yes o x 

On
November 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s outstanding shares of common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was million , based
upon the closing price of the common stock on that date on the OTC Bulletin Board. 

As
of September 13, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None. 

1 

LAREDO
OIL, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 
 4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 7 

Item 2. Properties 
 7 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 7 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 8 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 8 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 9 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 11 

Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 11 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 12 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 12 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 13 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 16 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 19 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 21 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 22 

Signatures 
 25 

2 

Except
as otherwise required by the context, references to Laredo Oil, Laredo Oil, Inc., the Company, 
 we, us and our are to Laredo Oil, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

From
time to time, we may provide information, whether orally or in writing, including certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
which are deemed to be forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the
 Litigation Reform Act ). These forward- looking statements and other information are based on our beliefs as well as assumptions
made by us using information currently available. 

The
words believe, plan, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, 
 may, will, should and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
Such statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary materially from those described herein as anticipated, believed, estimated, expected or intended or using other similar expressions.
We do not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 

In
accordance with the provisions of the Litigation Reform Act, we are making investors aware that such forward-looking statements, because
they relate to future events, are by their very nature subject to many important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any exhibits to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K and other public statements we make. Such factors are discussed in the Risk Factors section of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Prior
Operations 

We
are an oil exploration and production company, primarily engaged in acquisition and exploration efforts to find mineral reserves on various
properties. From our inception in March 2008 through October 2009, we were primarily engaged in acquisition and exploration efforts for
mineral properties. Beginning in October 2009, we shifted our focus to locating mature oil fields with the intention of acquiring those
oil fields and recovering stranded oil reserves using enhanced recovery methods. From June 14, 2011 to December 31, 2020, we were a management
services company, managing the acquisition and operation of mature oil fields, focused on the recovery of stranded oil
from those mature fields using enhanced oil recovery methods for our then sole customer, Stranded Oil Resources Corporation, or SORC,
a wholly owned subsidiary of Alleghany Corporation, or Alleghany. We performed those services in exchange for a quarterly management
fee and reimbursement from SORC of our employee related expenses. Such fees and reimbursements were effectively all of our revenues prior
to the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement with Alleghany described below. 

On
December 31, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Alleghany. Under that agreement, we purchased all of the issued
and outstanding shares of SORC. As consideration for the SORC shares, we paid Alleghany 72,678 in cash and agreed to pay Alleghany a
seven-year royalty of 5.0 of our future revenues and net profits from our oil, gas, gas liquids and all other hydrocarbon operations,
subject to certain adjustments. Currently, SORC is not conducting any ongoing operations. 

Under
the Securities Purchase Agreement with Alleghany, we also entered into a Consulting Agreement under which Alleghany paid us an aggregate
of approximately 1.245 million during calendar year 2021 in exchange for our providing Alleghany with one to three years of consulting
services from certain of our employees, including Mark See, our Chief Executive Officer. We no longer receive any management fees or
reimbursement payments from Alleghany for the monthly expenses of any of our employees. 

Current
Operations 

Prior
to December 31, 2020, while implementing underground gravity drainage, or UGD, projects for Allegheny, we gained specialized know-how
and operational experience in evaluating, acquiring, operating and developing oil and gas properties, as well as gaining expertise designing,
drilling and producing conventional oil wells. Based upon that know-how, we identified and acquired 45,246 gross acres and 37,932 net
acres of mineral property interests in the State of Montana. We began drilling an exploratory well in Montana during May 2022. That well
has not yet been completed or put into production. We are continuing our efforts to complete the drilling of the well and begin commercial
production. Simultaneously, we are attempting to raise additional funds to continue development of the other mineral property interests
we purchased. We plan to have each additional well have an 80-acre footprint, so that the first ten wells would cover approximately 800
acres, or less than two percent of our leased acreage. Our ability to secure further funding will determine the extent of future production
for the acreage, and the pace of field development. 

In
connection with our securing the acreage in Montana described above, our wholly owned subsidiary, Lustre Oil Company LLC, or Lustre,
entered into an Acquisition and Participation Agreement with Erehwon Oil Gas, LLC, or Erehwon. Our agreement with Erehwon allows
us to acquire oil and gas interests, and drill, complete and equip wells in Valley County, Daniels County and Roosevelt County, Montana.
Our agreement with Erehwon also specifies calculations for royalty interests and working interests that we will receive for the first
ten well completions, and first ten well recompletions, which is defined as the completion of a well for production from an existing
well bore in another formation. Under our agreement with Erehwon, we will acquire the initial mineral leases, and pay 100 of the initial
acquisition costs, up to 500,000. When the total costs exceed 500,000, Erehwon has the option to acquire a 10 working interest in
any lease we acquired by paying us 10 of our acquisition cost of that lease, resulting in our paying 90 of the applicable lease s
acquisition costs. Until we are repaid the full amount of the acquisition costs we paid to complete the first ten wells and first ten
recompletions of older wells, the working interest split will remain 10 to Erehwon and 90 to us. After we have recovered our acquisition
costs, Erehwon s working interest will increase to a 20 working interest. Additional wells and recompletions will have a working
interest split of 10 to Erehwon and 90 to us, unless Erehwon exercises its option to increase its working interest by 10 , as described
above. 

4 

Under
our agreement with Erehwon, we will fund 100 of the construction costs of the first ten wells and first ten recompletions. The lease
acquisition costs of any additional wells will be funded 80 by us and 20 by Erehwon; provided, however, that Erehwon will have the
option to increase its working interest to 20 only by reimbursing us for 10 of our acquisition costs. Royalty expenses for these wells
will consist of a royalty interest to the landowner and an overriding royalty interest of between 3 and 6 for two individuals who generated
the prospects, who will also receive an amount equal to 5 of the cost of the first ten new wells we complete and the first ten completed
recompletions. 

In
January 2022, we executed a Net Profits Interest Agreement with Erehwon and Olfert No. 11-4 Holdings, LLC, or Olfert Holdings, for the
purpose of funding the first well under the Acquisition and Participation Agreement described above, named Olfert #11-4. In exchange
for Olfert Holdings funding of the development of the first well, Olfert Holdings receives 90 of amounts resulting from Olfert
#11-4 prior to Payout and 50 after Payout. The Net Profits Interest Agreement defines Payout 
as the point in time when the aggregate of all Net Profits Interest payments made to Olfert Holdings under the agreement
equals 105 of the total well development costs. 

In
January 2022, we also entered into the Olfert Holdings operating agreement, under which we agreed to make a capital contribution to Olfert
Holdings in the amount of 500,000, out of a total of 1,500,000 of capital to be raised by Olfert Holdings. As of May 31, 2022, we were
credited with a contribution of 59,935 in market value of well development costs, representing a 5.5 interest in Olfert Holdings. Since
then, other investors, including our chief financial officer, assumed and funded our remaining capital commitment under the Olfert Holdings
operating agreement. 

On
June 30, 2020, we entered into the Limited Liability Company Agreement of Cat Creek Holdings LLC, a Montana limited liability company,
with Lipson Investments LLC and Viper Oil Gas, LLC. The limited liability company was formed to purchase certain oil and gas properties
in the Cat Creek Field in Petroleum County and Garfield County in the State of Montana. On July 1, 2020, Cat Creek Holdings entered into
an Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement with Carrell Oil Company. Under that agreement, Cat Creek Holdings agreed to pay Carrell Oil 400,000
in cash, subject to certain revenue adjustments and expense and tax allocations, in exchange for the Cat Creek Field properties. We invested
 448,900 in Cat Creek Holdings in exchange for a 50 ownership interest. Lipson Investments LLC and Viper Oil Gas, LLC, the other
two members of Cat Creek Holdings, have ownership interests of 25 each, which they received for their respective investments of 224,450
in cash. We designate two of the four managers of Cat Creek Holdings. 

Competition 

Our
operating results are largely impacted by competition from other exploration and production companies in all areas of operation, including
the acquisition of mature fields. Our competitors include large, well-established, companies with substantially more capital resources
than us. 

Oil
and Gas Price Volatility 

Market
prices for oil and gas declined significantly in the first six months of calendar year 2020, as the combination of the COVID-19 global
pandemic and geopolitical tensions among the world s energy producers resulted in the simultaneous reduction of demand and increase
in supply of crude oil. Since then, oil and gas prices have recovered and have remained in the 70-80 per barrel range. However, oil
and gas prices still remain volatile. 

5 

Operating
Hazards and Uninsured Risks 

Oil
and gas drilling activities are subject to many risks, including, but not limited to, the risk that those activities will not produce
commercially viable oil and gas reserves. The cost and timing of drilling, completing and operating wells is often uncertain and drilling
operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of numerous factors, including low oil and gas prices, title problems, reservoir
characteristics, weather conditions, equipment failures, delays imposed by project participants, compliance with governmental requirements,
shortages or delays in the delivery of equipment and services and increases in the cost for such equipment and services. Our future oil
recovery activities may not be successful. If so, such failure may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Our
operations are subject to hazards and risks inherent in drilling for and producing and transporting petroleum products, including fires,
natural disasters, explosions, encountering formations with abnormal pressures, blowouts, craterings, and pipeline ruptures and spills.
Any of these events may result in the loss of hydrocarbons, environmental pollution, personal injury claims and other damage to our properties
and those of others. We maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described above. In particular, the insurance we maintain
does not cover claims relating to failure of title to oil leases, loss of surface equipment at well locations, business interruption,
loss of revenue due to low commodity prices or loss of revenues due to well failure. The occurrence of any such event that is not covered,
or not fully covered, by insurance that we maintain or may acquire, could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Governmental
Regulation 

Oil
and natural gas exploration, production, transportation and marketing activities are subject to extensive laws, rules and regulations
promulgated by federal and state legislatures and agencies, including but not limited to the Mine Safety and Health Administration, or
MSHA, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, the Bureau of Land Management,
BLM, and various other federal or state regulatory agencies. Our failure to comply with any such laws, rules and regulations may result
in substantial penalties, including the delay or prohibition of our operations. The legislative and regulatory burden on the oil industry
described above increases our cost of doing business. 

State
regulatory agencies, as well as the federal government when we operate on federal or Indian lands, require permits for drilling operations,
drilling bonds and reports, and impose other requirements relating to the exploration and production of oil and gas. There are also statutes
or regulations addressing conservation matters, including provisions for the unitization or pooling of oil and natural gas properties,
the establishment of maximum rates of production from wells and the regulation of spacing, plugging and abandonment of such wells. In
each jurisdiction, we may need exceptions to some applicable regulations requiring regulatory approval. All of these matters could affect
our operations. 

Environmental
Matters 

The
oil industry is subject to extensive and changing federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to environmental protection,
including the generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment, as well as safety
and health. The recent trend in environmental legislation and regulation is generally toward stricter standards, and this trend is likely
to continue. These laws and regulations may require a permit or other authorization before construction or drilling commences, and for
certain other activities, limit or prohibit access, seismic acquisition, construction, drilling and other activities on certain lands
lying within wilderness and other protected areas, impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from its operations, and require
the reclamation of certain lands. 

The
permits that are required for oil and gas operations are subject to revocation, modification and renewal by issuing authorities. 

6 

Federal
regulations require certain owners or operators of facilities that store or otherwise handle petroleum products to prepare and implement
spill prevention, control countermeasures and response plans relating to the possible discharge of oil into surface waters. The Oil Pollution
Act of 1990, or OPA, contains numerous requirements relating to the prevention of and response to oil spills into waters of the United
States. For onshore and offshore facilities that may affect waters of the United States, the OPA requires the operator to demonstrate
the financial ability to respond to discharges. Regulations are currently being developed under federal and state laws concerning oil
pollution prevention and other matters that may impose additional regulatory burdens on participants in the oil and gas industry. In
addition, the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws require permits to be obtained to authorize discharge into surface waters or to
construct facilities in wetland areas. The Clean Air Act of 1970 and its subsequent amendments impose permit requirements and necessitate
certain restrictions on point source emissions of volatile organic carbons (nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide) and particulates with
respect to certain of our operations. The EPA and designated state agencies have in place regulations concerning discharges of storm
water runoff and stationary sources of air emissions. These programs require covered facilities to obtain individual permits, participate
in a covered group or seek coverage under an EPA general permit. A number of agencies, including but not limited to MSHA, the EPA, the
BLM, and similar state commissions, have adopted regulatory guidance in consideration of the operational limitations on oil and gas facilities
and their potential to emit pollutants. 

Facilities 

Our
principal executive office is located at 2021 Guadalupe Street, Ste. 260, Austin, Texas 78705. 

Personnel 

As
of May 31, 2023, we had 10 full-time employees and no part time employees. 

Website
Access 

We
make available on our web site our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, our current reports on Form 8-K,
and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports electronically with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Information on our website is not included as part of this report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Not
Applicable 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
Applicable 

Item
2. Properties 

In
May 2022, Lustre began drilling an exploratory well, named Olfert #11-4, in the Lustre oil field located in northeastern Montana. As
of the filing of this report, the Olfert #11-4 well has not been completed and put into production. As a result of the uncertainty surrounding
successful well completion and the availability of future funding to develop our acquired mineral rights, we are not providing disclosures
of proved reserves until we have updated reserve reports. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

On
February 4, 2021, Lustre filed a case captioned Lustre Oil Company LLC and Erehwon Oil Gas, LLC v. Anadarko Minerals, Inc.
and A S Mineral Development Co., LLC in the Montana Seventeenth Judicial District Court for Valley County to initiate a quiet title action
confirming Lustre s rights under certain mineral leases in Valley County, Montana. Lustre is also seeking damages with respect
to actions taken by A S Mineral Development Co., LLC to improperly produce oil on the property subject to Lustre s mineral
leases. On January 14, 2022, the District Court granted the defendants Motion to Dismiss without addressing the merits of Lustre s
quiet title action. Lustre appealed the decision to the Montana Supreme Court. On April 6, 2023, in a unanimous decision, the Montana
Supreme Court reversed the District Court s decision related to Lustre s quiet title action and remanded the case to the
District Court for further proceedings. On June 1, 2023, we filed a First Amended Complaint with the District Court reopening the original
suit with a different judge. 

On
March 20, 2023, Capex Oilfield Services, Inc. filed a lawsuit against Lustre in the Montana Tenth Judicial District Court, Petroleum
County, demanding payment of 377,189.55 plus interest and collection costs for services provided by Capex to drill the Olfert 11-4 well.
On May 18, 2023, Capstar Drilling, Inc. filed a lawsuit against Lustre in the Montana Seventeenth Judicial District Court, Valley County,
demanding payment of 298,049.76 plus interest and collection costs for services provided by Capstar to drill the same well. Lustre intends
to bring that well into production as soon as possible, and reimburse unpaid vendors from proceeds from such production. 

Except
as set forth above, we are not currently involved in any other legal proceedings and we are not aware of any other pending or potential
legal actions. 

7 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Our
common stock is currently traded under the symbol LRDC on the over-the-counter market and is quoted on the Pink Sheets, which is not
recognized by the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, as a stock exchange for reporting purposes. 

Since
our stock began trading on the Pink Sheets on November 5, 2009, there has been a limited trading market for our common stock. The following
table presents the range of high and low bid information for our common equity for each full quarterly period within the two most recent
fiscal years. 

Laredo
Oil, Inc. High/Low Market Bid Prices ) 

Fiscal
 Q1: 
 Jun 2022 Aug 2022 
 
 Fiscal
 Q2: 
 Sep 2022 Nov 2022 
 
 Fiscal
 Q3: 
 Dec 2022 Feb 2023 
 
 Fiscal
 Q4: 
 Mar 2023 May 2023 

High
 Bid 
 
 0.229 
 
 0.1711 
 
 0.19 
 
 0.162 

Low
 Bid 
 
 0.1361 
 
 0.081 
 
 0.11 
 
 0.044 

Fiscal
 Q1: 
 Jun 2021 Aug 2021 
 
 Fiscal
 Q2: 
 Sep 2021 Nov 2021 
 
 Fiscal
 Q3: 
 Dec 2021 Feb 2022 
 
 Fiscal
 Q4: 
 Mar 2022 May 2022 

High
 Bid 
 
 0.08 
 
 0.105 
 
 0.09 
 
 0.181 

Low
 Bid 
 
 0.04 
 
 0.043 
 
 0.045 
 
 0.07 

Over-the-counter
market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual
transactions. 

The
SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally
equity securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted
on the NASDAQ system, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver
a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, that: (a) contains a description of the nature and level of risk in the
market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading; (b) contains a description of the broker s or dealer s
duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements
of securities laws; (c) contains a brief, clear, narrative description of a dealer market, including bid and ask prices for penny stocks
and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price; (d) contains a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary
actions; (e) defines significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and (f) contains such
other information and is in such form, including language, type, size and format, as the SEC shall require by rule or regulation. The
broker-dealer also must provide, prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock, the customer with: (a) bid and offer quotations
for the penny stock; (b) the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction; (c) the number of shares to which
such bid and ask prices apply, or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the market for such stock; and
(d) monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny
stock rules require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker-dealer must make a
special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written
acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement, a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks, and a signed
and dated copy of a suitably written statement. 

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock if it becomes subject
to these penny stock rules. Therefore, if our common stock becomes subject to the penny stock rules, stockholders may have difficulty
selling those securities. 

Holders 

As
of September 13, 2023, we had 66,220,508 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and there were 27 holders of record, and more
than 700 beneficial holders, of our common stock, including those who own their shares through their brokers in street name. 

Dividends 

Since
our inception, we have not paid any dividends on our common stock. Our board of directors does not anticipate that it will declare dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

8 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Prior
to December 31, 2020, we managed several projects for Stranded Oil Resources Corporation, or SORC, a subsidiary of Alleghany Corporation,
or Alleghany. Also prior to December 31, 2020, SORC sold the assets of those projects and transferred the funds it received from those
sales to Alleghany. On December 31, 2020, we purchased 100 of the outstanding stock of SORC from Alleghany. At that time, SORC only
owned vehicles and oil field assets that were not included in the previous sale of assets to Alleghany. 

During
the period from June 14, 2011 through December 31, 2020, we gained specialized know-how and operational experience implementing underground
gravity drainage, or UGD, projects, as well as experience developing conventional oil wells. As of August 15, 2023, based upon this knowledge
we gained, we acquired approximately 45,766 gross acres and 38,153 net acres of mineral properties in northeastern Montana. We are currently
drilling an exploratory well, Olfert #11-4, in that property. As of the date of this report, the Olfert 11-4 exploratory well has not
yet been completed and put into production. We have discovered what we believe are economic levels of oil in the well, but have encountered
saltwater intrusion into the well, which requires us to access a proximate saltwater injection well to economically dispose of the saltwater
in the well. We are currently making efforts to gain access to a disposal well to complete the well and begin economical production. 

Effective
July 18, 2023, our subsidiary, Lustre Oil Company, LLC, or Lustre, and Erehwon Oil Gas, LLC, or Erehwon, entered into an Exploration
and Development Agreement, or the Development Agreement, with Texakoma Exploration Production Company, or Texakoma, for the exploration
and development of the Lustre Field Prospect, described in the Development Agreement. Lustre and Erehwon are parties to
an existing Acquisition and Participation Agreement, under which they agreed to acquire certain oil and gas interests, and drill, complete,
re-enter, re-complete, sidetrack, and equip wells, in certain counties in Montana. 

Under
the terms of the Development Agreement, Texakoma agreed to pay Lustre and Erehwon, jointly, the following amounts: (i) 175,000 on or
before July 21, 2023, which amount was paid; and (ii) another 175,000 upon the beginning of the drilling of the initial test well under
the agreement, which is scheduled to occur prior to October 1, 2023, subject to rig availability. Upon the drilling of that test well,
Lustre and Erehwon are required to deliver to Texakoma a partial assignment of an 85 working interest in the applicable oil leases. 

Texakoma
will pay 100 of the costs associated with the drilling and completion of two initial test wells. Lustre and Erehwon will have an undivided
15 working interest in the two initial wells. Texakoma will have the option, but not the obligation, to participate in the development
of the remainder of the Lustre Field Prospect, which option may be exercised by Texakoma by giving written notice of its intent to participate
within 90 days after the completion rig is removed from the second test well location. 

If
Texakoma exercises its option described above, Texakoma will have the obligation to drill eight additional wells, with Lustre and Erehwon
having a combined 15 working interest in those wells, and Texakoma will pay Lustre and Erehwon 706,603 for an 85 leasehold interest
in the next eight drill sites and a 50 leasehold interest in the balance of the Lustre Field Prospect acreage. The working and net revenue
interest in any wells drilled after the first ten wells will be shared by Texakoma, on one hand, and Lustre and Erehwon, on the other
hand, on a 50:50 basis. 

Not
including our interest in the Texakoma transactions described above, we also retain a 100 leasehold interest and full control of an
additional 30,556 net mineral acres in northeastern Montana at the western edge of the Williston Basin. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Currently,
we have no producing oil wells on our Montana leases. The agreement with Texakoma described above is expected to produce revenue sufficient
to cover our ongoing operating expenses beginning later in calendar year 2024. Until we receive adequate funding from the Texakoma agreement
described above, any cash needed for operations and oil field expansion and development will most likely come from the sale of our debt
and equity securities. 

An
independent petroleum engineering firm has provided us with a reserve report estimating that interests of proved undeveloped, probable
undeveloped and contingent reserves, and forecasts of economics attributable to certain properties in the Western Williston Basin of
Montana for oil interests acquired by Lustre. The report estimates that the Lustre reserves may generate 67 million in cash flow, discounted
at a rate of 10 . We are currently attempting to raise sufficient funds to drill and produce the properties identified in that reserve
report. We are in the process of raising up to 7.5 million from the sale of our secured convertible promissory notes. We will use the
proceeds from the sale of these notes for operating capital, and to fund the drilling of up to three production wells and a saltwater
disposal well, on the selected acreage described above. The secured convertible notes are secured by interests in our wholly owned subsidiary,
Hell Creek Crude, LLC. The notes are also convertible into shares of our common stock at a conversion rate of 1.00 per share. As of
the filing date, we have issued 620,000 in principal amount of the notes. 

We
have also recently received 267,319 in proceeds from the sale of 6,062,886 shares of our common stock to an individual investor who
previously purchased one of our secured convertible promissory notes described above. 

Lustre
and Erehwon have filed an action for quiet title in the State of Montana against Anadarko Minerals, Inc. and A S Mineral Development
Co, LLC. We are asking for damages in excess of 2 million in that action. However, we cannot assure you that we will prevail in that
action and, if we do prevail, the timing of the resolution of the action, or the amount of any damages that we may receive. 

9 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - continued 

Our
cash and cash equivalents at May 31, 2023 was 13,754. Our total debt outstanding as of May 31, 2023 was 3,669,429, including (i)
 617,934 owed to Alleghany, which is classified as a current note payable, and (ii) 986,598 pursuant to notes under the Paycheck Protection
Program, or PPP, of which we have classified 536,974 as long-term debt, net of the current portion totaling 449,624, which is classified
as a current note payable, (iii) 839,798 short term convertible notes, net of deferred debt discount, (iv) a 183,000 revolving note
classified as short-term, (v) a 750,000 note payable due to Cali Fields LLC, classified as short-term, and (vi) a 292,099 note payable
due to our Chief Financial Officer, classified as short-term. 

Results
of Operations 

During
the fiscal year ending May 31, 2022, we recorded other revenue and direct costs totaling 667,608 and 1,286,244, respectively, for continued
consulting services we provided to Alleghany after the termination of the Management Services Agreement. We did not record any similar
revenues and direct costs during the fiscal year ending May 31, 2023, as the consulting services were completed effective December 31,
2021. 

During
the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, we incurred operating expenses of 2,770,285 and 1,580,069, respectively. These
expenses consisted of general operating expenses incurred in connection with the day to day operation of our business, the preparation
and filing of our required public reports and stock option compensation expense. In addition, commencing on January 1, 2022, our payroll
related expenses are now included in our general operating expenses as we no longer provide any direct management services to Alleghany.
The increase in our expenses for fiscal 2023, as compared to the same period in fiscal 2022, is primarily attributable to these payroll
costs, increased accounting and other professional fees, including public relations, advisory services and stock-based compensation.
We also experienced increases in other general and administrative expenses, including insurance and SEC filing fees. 

During
fiscal 2023, we recognized other income and expenses comprised of the 122,682 employee retention credit, 84,290 equity method loss
related to our July 2020 equity investment, and 74,225 of other income upon the settlement of debt. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer
to Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
process of preparing consolidated financial statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of liabilities and stockholders equity/(deficit) at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates in these consolidated financial statements include estimates
related to purchase price allocation. Changes in the status of certain facts or circumstances could result in a material change to the
estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions. 

10 

Going
Concern 

These
consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. We have routinely incurred losses since inception, resulting
in an accumulated deficit. We have recently received loans from accredited investors to fund our operations. There is no assurance that
such financing will be available in the future to meet our operating needs. This situation raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern within the one-year period after the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements included in
this report. 

Our
management has undertaken steps to improve operations, with the goal of sustaining operations for the next twelve months and beyond.
These steps include an ongoing effort to raise funds through the issuance of debt to fund our well development program and maintain operations.
We have attracted and retained key personnel with significant experience in the industry. At the same time, in an effort to control costs,
we have required a number of our personnel to multi-task and cover a wider range of responsibilities in an effort to restrict the growth
of our headcount. There can be no assurance that we can successfully accomplish these steps and it is uncertain that we will achieve
a profitable level of operations and obtain additional financing. We cannot assure you that any additional financing will be available
to us on satisfactory terms and conditions, if at all. 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability
and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the possible inability of us to continue
as a going concern. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not currently have any off-balance sheet arrangements or other such unrecorded obligations, and we have not guaranteed the debt of
any other party. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

We
are not required to provide the information required by this Item as we are a smaller reporting company, as defined in
Rule 229.10(f)(1) 

Item
8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Our
consolidated financial statements required by this item are included on the pages immediately following the Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements appearing on page F-1. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

11 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Our disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures, including
the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure
controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives, and management necessarily is required
to use its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

An
evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer,
or CEO, and Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this report as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective in ensuring that information
required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner, and (2)
accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure. 

Our
small size and limited resources have prevented us from being able to employ sufficient resources to enable us to have an adequate level
of supervision and segregation of duties. Further we have limited specific oil and gas accounting personnel in our accounting department
due to our small size, lack of resources and limited technical accountants on staff. Therefore, it is difficult for us to effectively
segregate accounting duties and have proper financial reporting, which creates a material weakness in internal controls. This lack of
segregation of duties and limited personnel leads management to conclude that our financial reporting disclosure controls and procedures
are not effective to give reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Controls
 Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation
under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial
reporting were not effective as of May 31, 2023. As we grow, we are working on further improving our segregation of duties and level
of supervision. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules adopted
in conformity with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) that occurred
during the year ended May 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

12 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth as of September 13, 2023, the name, age, and position of each of our executive officers and directors, and
the term of office of each of our executive officers and directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 Held 
 
 Term
 as Director or Officer 
 Since 
 
 Donald
 Beckham 
 
 63 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 March
 1, 2011 
 
 Michael
 H. Price 
 
 75 
 
 Independent
 Director 
 
 August
 3, 2012 
 
 Mark
 See 
 
 62 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 October
 16, 2009 
 
 Bradley
 E. Sparks 
 
 76 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 March
 1, 2011 

Each
of our directors serves for a term of three years, until his successor is elected at our annual stockholders meeting, and is qualified,
subject to removal by our stockholders. Each officer serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. 

Set
forth below is certain biographical information regarding each of our executive officers and directors. 

DONALD
BECKHAM has served as a director since March 1, 2011. Since July 2015, he has been a Partner with Copestone Energy Partners, LLC.
In 1993 he founded Beckham Resources, Inc. BRI which for the past 20 years has been a licensed, bonded and insured operator
in good standing with the Railroad Commission of Texas. Through BRI, Mr. Beckham has drilled and operated fields for his own account.
His expertise is in the acquisition, exploitation, exploration and production enhancement of mature oil and gas fields through which
he has been able to enhance production by compressor optimization, pump design, work-over programs, stimulation techniques and identifying
new pay zones. BRI has operated wells in the following fields: Hull, Liberty, Aransas Pass, McCampbell, Mission River, Garcitas Creek,
Sour Lake, Batson, Barton Ranch and Dayton. Prior to BRI, Mr. Beckham was the chief operations manager for Houston Oil Fields Corporation HOFCO where he began his career. There he was responsible for drilling, production and field operations and managed approximately
100 people including engineers, geologists, land men, pumpers, and other contract personnel, as well as state and federal environmental
and regulatory functions. He managed an annual capital budget of approximately 30 million and operated approximately 100 wells. HOFCO
drilled about 20 wells per annum and performed approximately 30 recompletions and work over operations each year. HOFCO owned interests
in about 10 key fields principally in Texas, and company-managed production was approximately 1,000 bpd of crude oil and 10 mm cfd of
natural gas. Fields that he managed were as follows: Manvell, Cold Springs, Shepherd, Turtle Bay, Red Fish Bay, Dickinson, Refugio, Lost
Lake, Liberty and Abbeville. Mr. Beckham is a petroleum engineer and 1984 graduate of Mississippi State University. 

MICHAEL
H. PRICE , has served as a director since August 1, 2012 and has over 40 years of senior financial and petroleum experience in the
global oil and gas industry. He has been a principal in Octagon Energy Advisors, a Houston based energy investment advisory firm, from
2002 to the present. The firm advises financial institutions and institutional investors participating in energy investments. Since 2008,
he has been a Managing Director at ING Capital which provides debt financing to domestic exploration and production companies. From 1998
through 2002, Mr. Price was the Chief Financial Officer of Forman Petroleum Corporation. Before that, Mr. Price was Managing Director
at Chase Manhattan Bank for fifteen years where he was in charge of technical support for Chase s worldwide energy merchant banking
activities. In his early career, he worked as a consulting principal on domestic petroleum engineering and landowner matters, and gained
extensive international experience working with major oil companies in a variety of operating positions. He holds a BS and MS from Illinois
Institute of Technology, an MBA from the University of Chicago, a M.Sc. from the London School of Economics, and a MS in Petroleum Engineering
from Tulane University. 

13 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - continued 

MARK
SEE has been our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since October 16, 2009. He has over 25 years of experience
in tunneling, natural resources and the petroleum industries. He was the founder and founding CEO of Rock Well Petroleum, a private oil
 gas company from January 2005 until December 2008 and worked from then until October 2009 forming Laredo Oil. He was employed with
Albian Sands as the Manager for the Alberta Oil Sands Projects at Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada, a joint venture between Shell Canada
and Chevron. Mr. See was also President of Oil Recovery Enhancement LLC in Bozeman, Montana, a private oil company. He was selected as
one of the top 25 Engineers in North America by the Engineering News Record for his innovations in the petroleum industry. He
is a member of the Society of Mining Engineers and the Society of Petroleum Engineers. 

BRADLEY
E. SPARKS is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and has been a director since March 1, 2011. Before joining us in October
2009, Mr. Sparks was the Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director of Visualant, Inc. Prior to joining Visualant, he was the
Chief Financial Officer of WatchGuard Technologies, Inc. from 2005 to 2006. Before joining WatchGuard, he was the founder and managing
director of Sunburst Growth Ventures, LLC, a private investment firm specializing in emerging-growth companies. Previously, he founded
Pointer Communications and served as Chief Financial Officer for several telecommunications and internet companies, including eSpire
Communications, Inc., Digex, Inc., Omnipoint Corporation, and WAM!NET. He also served as Vice President and Treasurer of MCI Communications
from 1988-1993 and as Vice President and Controller from 1993-1995. Before his tenure at MCI, Mr. Sparks held various financial management
positions at Ryder System, Inc. Mr. Sparks currently serves on the Board of Directors of Comrise. Mr. Sparks graduated from the United
States Military Academy at West Point in 1969 and is a former Army Captain in the Signal Corps. He received a Master of Science in Management
degree from the Sloan School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1975 and is a licensed CPA in Florida. 

To
the knowledge of our management, except as noted below, during the past ten years, no present or former director, executive officer or
person nominated to become a director or an executive officer of the Company has: 

(1) 
 filed
 a petition under the federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law, nor had a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer appointed
 by the court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years
 before the time of such filings; 

(2) 
 was
 convicted in a criminal proceeding or named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses); 

(3) 
 was
 the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction,
 permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

(i) 
 acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

(ii) 
 engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

(iii) 
 engaging
 in any activities in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of federal
 or state securities laws or federal commodities laws; 

(4) 
 was
 the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any federal or state authority
 barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described above
 under this Item, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activities; 

(5) 
 was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Securities and Exchange Commission to have violated any federal
 or state securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Securities and Exchange Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

14 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - continued 

(6) 
 was
 found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any
 federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not been
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

(7) 
 was
 the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

(i) 
 Any
 federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

(ii) 
 Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or 

(iii) 
 Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

(8) 
 was
 the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization
 (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29)
 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
 authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

In
calendar year 2014, Mr. Beckham served as an executive officer of Mining Oil, Inc., which filed for bankruptcy in January 2015. Four
months prior to that filing, Mr. Beckham resigned his position due to policy differences with members of that company s management
team. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

During
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, we had no class of equity securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Accordingly, no reports were required to be filed pursuant to Section 16(a) with respect to our officers, directors, and
beneficial holders of more than ten percent of any class of equity securities. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Code of Ethics is included herein by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and can be found on our web site at
www.laredo-oil.com. 

15 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Compensation
Summary for Executive Officers 

The
following table sets forth compensation paid or accrued by us for the last two years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 with regard to individuals
who served as the Principal Executive Officer, the Principal Financial Officer and for executive officers receiving compensation in excess
of 100,000 during these fiscal periods. 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 
 Fiscal
 Year 
 
 Salary( 

Bonus( 

Option 
 Awards( 

All
 Other 
 Compensation( 

Total( 

Mark
 See (1) 
 
 2023 

525,000 

- 

- 

- 

525,000 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
 
 2022 

422,936 

- 

- 

- 

422,936 

Bradley
 E. Sparks (2) 
 
 2023 

415,000 

- 

- 

- 

415,000 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 
 2022 

415,000 

- 

119,987 

- 

534,987 

Christopher
 E. Lindsey (3) 
 
 2023 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

General
 Counsel and Secretary 
 
 2022 

169,195 

- 

- 

- 

169,195 

(1) 
 In
 fiscal year 2023, Mr. See s salary included 212,888 in cash payments. Mr. See also received equipment valued at
 97,760 and 214,352 for deferred compensation. In fiscal year 2022, Mr. See s salary includes 326,105 in cash
 payments and 98,895 of deferred compensation. As of May 31, 2023, Mr. See has cumulative deferred compensation of 553,840. 

(2) 
 In
 fiscal 2023, Mr. Sparks salary includes 167,019 of cash payments and 247,981 of deferred compensation. The amounts
 shown in 2022 include 295,288 of salary paid in cash and 119,712 in deferred compensation. As of May 31, 2023, Mr. Sparks has cumulative
 deferred compensation of 1,550,183. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Lindsey resigned effective December 31, 2021. 

Named
Executive Officers Compensation and Termination of Employment Provisions 

Pursuant
to a letter agreement dated October 16, 2009, and subsequently amended, between us and Mr. See, we pay Mr. See an annual base salary
of 495,000 (which, together with previously approved allowances for Mr. See equaling 30,000, is an aggregate of 525,000 per year).
If Mr. See is terminated by us without Cause (as such term is defined in the letter agreement) or if Mr. See terminates
his employment with us for Good Reason (as such term is defined in his change in control agreement), we will pay severance
to Mr. See equal to 100 of his then-current annualized base salary, and any bonuses earned, paid out on a pro rata basis over our regular
payroll schedule over the two-year period following the effective date of such termination, provided that if such termination occurs
within 12 months after a Change of Control, such two-year period shall be increased to a three-year period. In addition, Mr. See will
continue to receive all applicable benefits under our standard benefits plans currently available to other senior executives, for a period
not to exceed 24 months following the termination of his employment. 

Beginning
January 1, 2020, the annual cash salary compensation payable to Mr. See was increased from 485,000 to 498,580 per year (which, together
with previously approved allowances for Mr. See equaling 30,000, is an aggregate of 528,580 per year). Amounts received above Mr. See s
 495,000 contract salary reduces his cumulative deferred compensation, and amounts received below the 495,000 contract salary increase
deferred compensation. 

16 

Item
11. Executive Compensation - continued 

For
calendar year 2021, we paid Mr. See as follows: (a) 100,000 in cash on or before January 7, 2021, less applicable withholding taxes;
and (b) four (4) equal cash installments of 99,645, less applicable withholding taxes, with the first payment made on or before January
15, 2021, the second payment made on or before April 8, 2021, the third payment payable on or before July 8, 2021 and the fourth payment
on or before October 8, 2021. In consideration of the payments described above, Mr. See waived any obligations we had to pay for any
severance benefits included in the letter agreement dated October 16, 2009 referenced above, and such letter was terminated effective
December 31, 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, our Board of Directors reinstated the terms of the letter agreement with Mr. See that was
in place on December 30, 2020. 

As
of May 31, 2023, Mr. See has 553,840 of deferred compensation owed to him under his contract, which is the cumulative difference between
his contract salary and the actual cash compensation he has received thereunder through May 31, 2023. 

Pursuant
to a letter agreement dated October 20, 2009, as amended, we pay Mr. Sparks an annual base salary of 385,000 (which, together with previously
approved annual payments for Mr. Sparks equaling 30,000, is an aggregate of 415,000 per year). If Mr. Sparks is terminated by us without
 Cause (as such term is defined in the letter agreement) or if Mr. Sparks terminates his employment with us for Good
Reason (as such term is defined in the change in letter agreement),, we will pay Mr. Sparks severance equal to 100 of his then-current
annualized base salary, and any bonuses earned, paid out on a pro rata basis over our regular payroll schedule over the two-year period
following the effective date of such termination; provided, however, that if such termination occurs within 12 months after a Change
of Control, such two-year period is increased to a three-year period. In addition, Mr. Sparks will continue to receive all applicable
benefits under our standard benefits plans currently available to other senior executives, for a period not to exceed 24 months following
the termination of employment. 

For
calendar year 2021, we paid Mr. Sparks as follows: four (4) equal cash installments of 96,250, less applicable withholding taxes, with
the first payment made on or before January 15, 2021; the second payment made on or before April 8, 2021, the third payment made on or
before July 8, 2021 and the fourth payment made on or before October 8, 2021. In consideration of the payments above, Mr. Sparks waived
our obligations to pay for any severance benefits included in his letter agreement referenced above, and terminated the letter agreement
effective December 31, 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, our Board of Directors reinstated the terms of the letter agreement that was
in place on December 30, 2020. 

On
May 28, 2022, our Board of Directors awarded Mr. Sparks fully vested options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of our common stock at 0.12
per share, which options replaced 1,500,000 options previously granted to Mr. Sparks, which expired in April 2022. 

As
of May 31, 2023, we owe Mr. Sparks 1,550,183 of cumulative deferred compensation under his letter agreement with us with respect to
his compensation. The amount owed under the letter agreement is the cumulative difference between the amount of compensation we owe Mr.
Spark under the agreement and the actual cash compensation he has received under his agreement with us. 

17 

Item
11. Executive Compensation - continued 

Outstanding
equity awards as of May 31, 2023: 

(a) 
 Name and Principle Position 
 
 (b) 
 Number of Securities 
 Underlying Unexercised 
 Options Exercisable 

(e) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 

(f) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Bradley
 E. Sparks 
 CFO, Treasurer Director 

1,500,000 

0.12 

May
 28, 2032 

In
February 2011, we approved the Laredo Oil, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan. The Equity Incentive Plan was filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on November 8, 2011, and was amended in December 2014 to increase the number of shares available for
issuance thereunder to an aggregate of 15,000,000 shares. 

Director
Compensation 

(a) 
 Name 
 
 (b) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in 
 Cash ) 

(c) 
 Stock Awards ) 

(d) 
 Option Awards ) 

(j) 
 Total ) 

Donald
 Beckham 

50,000 

- 

- 

50,000 

Michael
 H. Price 

50,000 

- 

- 

50,000 

Historically,
the compensation for each non-employee member of our Board of Directors has been as follows: quarterly cash payment of 12,500 payable
mid-quarter in arrears, 500,000 shares of restricted common stock vesting in three equal installments over three years, and fully vested
in fiscal 2016. We also reimburse directors for all reasonable expenses associated with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors.
During the last quarter of fiscal year 2022, we suspended cash payments to directors indefinitely. However, such payments were accrued
for future payment. During fiscal year 2023, no cash payments to directors were made, but were accrued for future payment. On May 28,
2022, we granted fully vested options to purchase 500,000 shares of our common stock to each of Mr. Beckham and Mr. Price. Since they
are executive officers, Messrs. See and Sparks receive no additional compensation for serving on the Board of Directors. 

18 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The
following table sets forth as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, the name and address and the number of shares of the Company s
common stock, with a par value of 0.0001 per share, held of record or beneficially by each person who held of record, or was known by
the Company to own beneficially, more than 5 of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, and the name
and shareholdings of each executive officer, director and of all officers and directors as a group. 

Name
 and Address 
 of Beneficial 
 Owner 
 
 Nature
 of 
 Ownership (1) 
 
 Amount
 of Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 

Percent
 of Class 

Bedford
 Holdings, LLC 
 44 Polo Drive 
 Big Horn, WY 82833 
 
 Direct 

12,829,269 

15.8 

Darlington,
 LLC (2) 
 P.O. Box 723 
 Big Horn, WY 82833 
 
 Direct 

5,423,138 

6.7 

Mark
 See (3) 
 2021 Guadalupe Street, Suite 260 
 Austin, Texas 78705 
 
 Direct 

31,096,676 

38.3 

Bradley
 E. Sparks (4) 
 2021 Guadalupe Street, Suite 260 
 Austin, Texas 78705 
 
 Direct 

9,324,857 

11.5 

Robert
 Adamo 
 2021 Guadalupe Street, Suite 260 
 Austin, Texas 78705 
 
 Direct 

6,662,886 

8.2 

Donald
 Beckham (5) 
 2021 Guadalupe Street, Suite 260 
 Austin, Texas 78705 
 
 Direct 

3,150,000 

3.9 

Michael
 H. Price (6) 
 2021 Guadalupe Street, Suite 260 
 Austin, Texas 78705 
 
 Direct 

2,050,000 

2.5 

All
 Directors and Officers as a Group (4 persons) 
 
 Direct 

45,621,533 

56.2 

(1) 
 All
 shares owned directly are owned beneficially and of record, and such stockholder has sole voting, investment and dispositive power,
 unless otherwise noted. Amounts of beneficial ownership include all options to purchase common stock expected to be vested within
 60 days after the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(2) 
 These
 shares are owned by the spouse of Mr. See, and Mr. See has a proxy from Mrs. See to vote the shares. 

(3) 
 Includes
 12,829,269 shares owned by Mr. See through Bedford Holdings, LLC and 5,423,138 shares owned by Mrs. See through Darlington, LLC. 

(4) 
 Includes
 fully vested options to purchase 6,500,000 shares of common stock at 0.06 per share. 

(5) 
 Includes
 fully vested options to purchase 1,100,000 shares of common stock at 0.38 per share and 1,500,000 shares of common stock at 0.06
 per share. 

(6) 
 Includes
 fully vested options to purchase 1,500,000 shares of common stock at 0.06 per share. 

19 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management - continued 

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans 

The
following table provides information as of May 31, 2023 concerning the issuance of equity securities with respect to compensation plans
under which our equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan
 category 
 
 Number
 of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights (a) 

Weighted
 average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights ) (b) 

Number
 of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation 
 plans (excluding 
 securities reflected in 
 column (a)) (c) 

Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 

5,925,000 

0.16 

7,499,000 
 (2) 

Total 

5,925,000 

0.16 

7,499,000 

(1) 
 Effective
 November 6, 2011, the holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock took action by written consent to approve our 2011
 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2011 Plan. Stockholders then owning an aggregate of 31,096,676 shares, or 59.8 of the
 then issued and outstanding shares of our Common Stock, approved the matter. The 2011 Plan and corresponding agreements are exhibits
 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2011. The 2011 Plan reserved
 10,000,000 shares of our common stock for issuance to eligible recipients. In December 2014, the holders of a majority of the shares
 of our Common Stock took action by written consent to amend the Plan by reserving an additional 5,000,000 shares of our common stock
 for issuance to eligible recipients. We filed a Registration Statement on Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
 December 19, 2014 registering the additional shares. 

(2) 
 During
 fiscal year 2012, we issued 500,000 shares of restricted stock to each of our two non-employee directors, for a total of one million
 shares. During fiscal year 2013, we issued 500,000 restricted shares to our third non-employee director. In fiscal year 2014, we
 issued to our non-employee directors 150,000 restricted shares of which 50,000 restricted shares were later forfeited. In total,
 a net 1,550,000 restricted shares have been issued to our non-employee directors under the Plan. Since restricted shares were issued
 to directors, they are not available for issuance under the Plan and thus reduce the number of securities remaining available in
 this column. In addition, we granted options to purchase 6,010,000 shares of common stock to employees and contractors during fiscal
 year 2012, none in fiscal year 2013, 2,990,000 in fiscal year 2014, 1,700,000 in fiscal year 2015, 925,000 in fiscal year 2016, none
 in fiscal years 2017 through 2021, 4,175,000 in fiscal year 2022 including 1,000,000 options granted to directors, and 650,000 in
 fiscal year 2023. Net of option forfeitures, expired grants, restricted stock grants and option exercises, there are 7,499,000 shares
 of common stock reserved for issuance to eligible recipients. Since Plan inception, 26,000 common shares have been issued pursuant
 to option exercises and are not available for issuance under the Plan. The aforementioned restricted stock and options were issued
 under the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, which authorized 15,000,000 shares of our common stock reserved for issuance for directors,
 employees and contractors. 

20 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Transactions
with Management and Others 

On
June 22, 2022, we assigned to our Chief Financial Officer, or CFO, the right to purchase up to 356,243 of the 500,000 membership interests
in Olfert #11-4 in exchange for our CFO s payment of 356,243 of our capital commitment to Olfert #11-4. On August 15, 2022, our
CFO purchased an additional 109,590 membership interests in Olfert #11-4 for a payment of 109,590. 

On
October 26, 2022, we borrowed 150,000 from our CFO pursuant to a demand note bearing an annual interest rate of 10 . The note is secured
by a pledge of all of the interests in our wholly-owned subsidiary Lustre Oil Company LLC. 

In
February 2023, our Chief Financial Officer made several advances to us, totaling 50,000. The advances were not made pursuant to a promissory
note, and are not secured. On March 15, 2023, we received a loan of 30,000 from our Chief Financial Officer. During April and May of
2023, our Chief Financial Officer advanced another 62,099. The total amount of these advances aggregate to 292,099. We expect that
these amounts will be incorporated into the October 26, 2022 demand note described above. 

Director
Independence . 

Both
Mr. Price and Mr. Beckham serve as independent directors based on the definition of independence in the listing standards
of NASDAQ Marketplace Rule 4200(a)(15). 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

(1)
 Audit Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by the independent accountants for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services for the audit of
the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and the review of consolidated financial statements included in the Company s
Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements
for those fiscal years were 134,970 for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and 110,270 for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. Weaver
and Tidwell, L.L.P. provided our audit for the year ended 2022 and BF Borgers CPA PC provided our audit for the year ended 2023. The
firms engaged during 2023 and 2022, respectively, provided no other services, other than those listed above for their respective years. 

(2)
 Audit-Related Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountants that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under
paragraph (1) above was 0. 

(3)
 Tax Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed in each of the last two fiscal years ending May 31, 2023 and 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal
accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning was 9,476 and 19,418, respectively. 

(4)
 All Other Fees 

During
the last two fiscal years ending May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively there were 0 fees charged by the principal accountants other than
those disclosed in (1), (2) and (3) above. 

(5)
 Audit Committee s Pre-approval Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee pre-approves the engagement with the independent auditor. It meets four times annually and reviews consolidated financial
statements with the independent auditor. Additionally, the Audit Committee meets in executive session with the independent auditor at
the conclusion of those meetings. 

21 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)
(1) Consolidated Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(a)
(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

The
following financial statement schedules are included as part of this report: 

None. 

(a)
(3) Exhibits 

The
exhibits required to be filed herewith by Item 601 of Regulation S-K, as described in the following index of exhibits, are attached hereto
unless otherwise indicated as being incorporated herein by reference, as follows: 

3.1 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation, included as Exhibit 3.1 in our Form S-1 filed August 25, 2008, File No. 333-153168 and incorporated herein by reference. 

3.2 
 Certificate
 of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed October 22, 2009 and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

3.3 
 Bylaws,
 included as Exhibit 3.2 in our S-1 filed August 25, 2008, File No. 333-153168 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.1 
 Letter
 Agreement dated October 16, 2009 between the Company and Mark See, CEO, regarding CEO compensation package, included as Exhibit 10.1
 to our Form 10-K filed September 14, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.2 
 Letter
 Agreement dated October 20, 2009 between the Company and Bradley E. Sparks regarding CFO compensation package, included as Exhibit
 10.2 to our Form 10-K filed September 14, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.3 
 Letter
 Agreement dated October 16, 2013 between the Company and Christopher E. Lindsey, General Counsel and Secretary, regarding compensation,
 included as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-K filed August 29, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.4 
 Purchase
 Agreement, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed June 9, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.5 
 Amended
 and Restated Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock of Laredo Oil, Inc. (amending Form of Warrant to Purchase Stock of Laredo Oil, Inc.
 included as Exhibit 10.2 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 9, 2010)., included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed
 October 17, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.6 
 Form
 of Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note, included as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 8-K filed June 9, 2010 and incorporated herein
 by reference. 

10.7 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 26, 2010, among the Company and each Purchaser identified on the signature pages thereto, included
 as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed July 28, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.8 
 Amended
 and Restated Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (amending Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant included as Exhibit 10.7 in our
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 20, 2011), included as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q dated October 17, 2011 and incorporated
 herein by reference. 

10.9 
 Loan
 Agreement dated November 22, 2010 between Laredo Oil, Inc. and Alleghany Capital Corporation, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form
 8-K filed November 24, 2010 and incorporated herein by reference. 

22 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules - continued 

10.10 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Senior Promissory Note accompanying Loan Agreement dated November 22, 2010 between Laredo Oil, Inc. and Alleghany
 Capital Corporation (amending the Form of Senior Promissory Note included as Exhibit 10.2 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 November 24, 2010), included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed November 18, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.11 
 Loan
 Agreement dated April 6, 2011 between Laredo Oil, Inc. and Alleghany Capital Corporation, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K
 filed April 8, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.12 
 Form
 of Amended and Restated Senior Promissory Note accompanying Loan Agreement dated April 6, 2011 between Laredo Oil, Inc. and Alleghany
 Capital Corporation (amending the Form of Senior Promissory Note included as Exhibit 10.2 in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 April 12, 2011), included as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 8-K filed November 18, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.13 
 Laredo
 Oil, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, included as Exhibit 4.1 to our Form S-8 filed on November 8, 2011 and incorporated by reference
 herein. 

10.14 
 Form
 of Laredo Oil, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan Stock Option Award Certificate, included as Exhibit 4.2 to our Form S-8 filed on November
 8, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.15 
 Form
 of Laredo Oil, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Certificate, included as Exhibit 4.3 to our Form S-8 filed
 on November 8, 2011 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.16 
 Amended
 and Restated Laredo Management Retention Plan dated as of October 11, 2012, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on October
 15, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.17 
 Certificate
 of Formation of Laredo/SORC Incentive Plan Royalty, LLC., included as Exhibit 10.16 to our Form 10-K filed on August 29, 2012 and
 incorporated by reference herein. 

10.18 
 Amendment
 to Certificate of Formation of Laredo/SORC Incentive Plan Royalty, LLC, included as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q filed on October
 15, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.19 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Laredo Royalty Incentive Plan, LLC, dated as of October 11, 2012, included as Exhibit 10.3 to our
 Form 10-Q filed on October 15, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.20 
 Form
 of Restricted Common Unit Agreement for Laredo Royalty Incentive Plan, LLC., included as Exhibit 10.4 to our Form 10-Q filed on October
 15, 2012 and incorporated by reference herein. 

10.21 
 Note
 dated April 28, 2020 executed by Laredo Oil, Inc. in favor of IBERIABANK, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K filed May 1, 2020
 and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.22 
 Limited
 Liability Company Agreement of Cat Creek Holdings LLC, a Montana limited liability company, dated effective as of June 30, 2020,
 executed by the Company, Lipson Investments LLC and Viper Oil Gas, LLC, included as Exhibit 10.22 to our Form 10-K filed on
 August 31, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.23 
 Asset
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated as of July 1, 2020, by and between Carrell Oil Company and Cat Creek Holdings LLC, included as
 Exhibit 10.23 to our Form 10-K filed on August 31, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.24 
 Securities
 Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among the Company, Alleghany Corporation, Stranded Oil Resources Corporation
 and SORC Holdings LLC, included as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 19, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.25 
 Consulting
 Agreement dated as of December 31, 2021, by and between the Company and Alleghany Corporation, included as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form
 10-Q filed on January 19, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

10.26 
 Consolidated
 Amended and Restated Senior Promissory Note dated as of December 31, 2020, executed by the Company for the benefit of Alleghany Corporation,
 included as Exhibit 10.3 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 19, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

23 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules - continued 

10.27 
 Security
 Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020, executed by the Company for the benefit of Alleghany Corporation, included as Exhibit 10.4
 to our Form 10-Q filed on January 19, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference 

10.28 
 Note
 dated effective as of February 3, 2021, executed by the Company in favor of First Horizon Bank, included as Exhibit 10.5 to our Form
 10-Q filed on April 19, 2021, and incorporated herein by reference. 

14.1 
 Code
 of Ethics for Employees and Directors, included as Exhibit 14.1 to our Form 10-K filed September 14, 2010 and incorporated herein
 by reference 

23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm BF Borgers CPA PC 

23.2 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P. 

31.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

24 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

LAREDO
 OIL, INC. 

(the
 Registrant 

Date:
 September 13, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark See 

Mark
 See 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 September 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark See 

Mark
 See 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date:
 September 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Bradley E. Sparks 

Bradley
 E. Sparks 

Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Director 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
 September 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Donald Beckham 

Donald
 Beckham 

Director 

Date:
 September 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Michael H. Price 

Michael
 H. Price 

Director 

25 

LAREDO
OIL, INC. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of BF Borgers CPA PC, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 
 F-2 

Report of Weaver and Tidwell, L.L.P., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 410) 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-7 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Laredo Oil, Inc. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Laredo Oil, Inc. (the Company as of May 31, 2023, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31,
2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States. 

 Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s
significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audit included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the
current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

. 
 (PCAOB 5041) 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2022 

September
13, 2023 

F- 2 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Laredo
Oil, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Laredo Oil, Inc. and it s subsidiary (the Company) as of May 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended May 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2022, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
2 to the financial statements, the entity has routinely incurred losses since inception, resulting in an accumulated deficit, and is
dependent upon one customer for its revenue. These factors raise substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2 to the financial statements. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits include performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

WEAVER
AND TIDWELL, L.L.P. 

We
have served as the Laredo Oil, Inc. s auditor since 2011. 

Dallas,
Texas 

 September
13, 2022 

F- 3 

Laredo
 Oil, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 

May
 31, 

May
 31, 

2023 

2022 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Receivables 

- 

- 

Receivables
 related party 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and Equipment 

Oil
 and gas acquisition and drilling costs 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Total
 Property and Equipment, net 

Other
 assets 

Equity
 method investment Olfert 

Equity
 method investment Cat Creek 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 payroll liabilities 

Accrued
 interest 

Deferred
 well development costs 

Convertible
 debt, net of debt discount and debt issuance costs 

Revolving
 note 

Note
 payable related party 

Note
 payable Alleghany, net of debt discount 

Note
 payable, current portion 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Asset
 retirement obligation 

Long-term
 note, net of current portion 

Total
 Noncurrent Liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 15) 

Stockholders 
 Deficit 

Preferred stock: par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

- 

- 

Common stock: par value; and shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

() 

() 

Total
 Stockholders Deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Laredo
 Oil, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 Ended 

May
 31, 2023 

May
 31, 2022 

Revenue
 related party and other 

Direct
 costs 

- 

Gross
 profit (loss) 

- 

() 

General,
 selling and administrative expenses 

Consulting
 and professional services 

Total
 Operating Expense 

Operating
 loss 

() 

() 

Other
 income/(expense) 

Other
 non-operating income 

Income
 from PPP loan forgiveness and employee retention 

Equity
 method gain (loss) 

() 

Interest
 expense 

() 

() 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 

Net
 loss per share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted
 average number of basic and diluted common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Laredo
 Oil, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Statement of Stockholders Deficit 
 
 For
 the Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Common
 Stock 

Preferred
 Stock 

Additional
 Paid 

Accumulated 

Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

In
 Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance
 at May 31, 2021 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Share
 based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Beneficial
 conversion feature of convertible debt 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 Loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance
 at May 31, 2022 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Common
 Stock 

Preferred
 Stock 

Additional
 Paid 

Accumulated 

Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

In
 Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance
 at May 31, 2022 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Cumulative
 effect of accounting changes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Share
 based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Restricted
 stock issued to consultants 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of shares upon debt conversion 

- 

- 

- 

Proceeds
 from issuance of shares 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 Loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance
 at May 31, 2023 

- 

- 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Laredo
 Oil, Inc. 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 

Year
 Ended 

Year
 Ended 

May
 31, 2023 

May
 31, 2022 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments
 to Reconcile Net Loss to Net Cash Used in Operating Activities: 

Stock
 based compensation expense 

Restricted
 stock expense 

- 

Income
 from PPP loan forgiveness 

- 

() 
 
 Amortization
 of debt discount 

Equity
 method (income)/loss 

() 
 
 Depreciation 

Accretion
 expense 

- 

Gain
 on sale of assets 

() 

- 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables 

- 

Receivables
 from related party 

- 

() 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

() 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued
 payroll liabilities 

Accrued
 interest 

Deferred
 revenue 

- 

() 

NET
 CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment
 in property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Investment
 in oil and gas field acquisition and drilling costs 

() 

() 
 
 Investment
 in equity method investment 

() 

- 

NET
 CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

() 

() 

CASH
 FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds
 from convertible debt 

Repayment
 of convertible debt 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds
 from note payable related party 

Proceeds
 from revolving note 

Repayment
 of revolving note 

() 

- 

Proceeds
 from prefunded billing costs 

PPP
 loan repayments 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds
 from sale of common stock 

- 

NET
 CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net
 change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

CASH
 AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Cash
 paid for interest expense 

Cash
 paid for income taxes 

- 

- 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Oil
 and gas acquisition costs in accounts payable 

Long-lived
 assets in exchange for reduction in deferred compensation 

- 

Sale
 of assets in exchange for note payable repayment 

- 

Conversion
 of convertible debt to common stock 

- 

Asset
 retirement obligation 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares at par value and authorized preferred stock of shares at 
par value. On October 21, 2009 the name was changed to Laredo Oil, Inc. During May 2023, the Company board of directors
voted to increase the authorized common stock to shares at which was confirmed by a majority of the shares then outstanding. 

Laredo
Oil, Inc. the Company is an oil exploration and production E P company primarily engaged in acquisition
and exploration efforts for mineral properties. From its inception through October 2009, the Company was primarily engaged in acquisition
and exploration efforts for mineral properties. After a change in control in October 2009, the Company shifted its focus to locating
mature oil fields, with the intention of acquiring those oil fields and recovering stranded oil using enhanced oil recovery EOR methods. However, the Company was unable to raise the capital required to purchase any suitable oil fields. On June 14, 2011, the Company
entered into several agreements with Stranded Oil Resources Corporation SORC ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Alleghany
Corporation Alleghany ), (collectively, the 2011 SORC Agreements ), to seek recovery of stranded crude oil
from mature, declining oil fields by using the EOR method known as Underground Gravity Drainage, or UGD. Operating under the 2011 SORC
Agreements until December 31, 2020, the Company was a management services company managing the acquisition and conventional operation
of mature oil fields and the further recovery of stranded oil from those fields using EOR methods for its sole customer, SORC. 

Pursuant
to a Securities Purchase Agreement, by and among the Company, Alleghany, SORC, and SORC Holdings LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company SORC Holdings ), SORC Holdings purchased all of the issued and outstanding shares of SORC stock (the SORC
Shares in a transaction that closed on December 31, 2020 (the SORC Purchase Transaction ). In connection with the
SORC Purchase Transaction, the 2011 SORC Agreements were terminated effective as of December 31, 2020. 

Further,
pursuant to the SORC Purchase Agreement, the Company and Alleghany entered into a Consulting Agreement dated as of December 31, 2020
(the Alleghany Consulting Agreement ), pursuant to which Alleghany agreed to pay an aggregate of approximately 1.245 million
during calendar year 2021 in consideration of the Company causing certain individuals, including Mark See, the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman, and Chris Lindsey, the Company s General Counsel and Secretary, to provide consulting services
to Alleghany (for a period of three years for Mr. See and one year for Mr. Lindsey). 

The
Company believes that the SORC Purchase Transaction was advantageous as it simplified in a timely manner the unwinding of the 2011 SORC
Agreements and allowed the Company to acquire vehicles and oil field assets that can be utilized in future oil recovery projects. 

During
the period from June 14, 2011 through December 31, 2020 when the 2011 SORC Agreements were in effect, Company management gained specialized
know-how and operational experience in evaluating, acquiring, operating and developing oil and gas properties while implementing UGD
projects, as well as gaining expertise designing, drilling and producing conventional oil wells. Based upon the knowledge gained, as
of May 31, 2023, the Company has identified and acquired 45,766 gross acres and 38,153 net acres of mineral property interests in Montana.
The Company drilled one exploratory well during May 2022 which has been shut-in pending gaining access to a salt water disposal well
allowing economically feasible water disposal. The Company plans to continue to develop the field as funding allows. 

In
connection with securing this acreage in Montana, Lustre Oil Company LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company Lustre ),
entered into an Acquisition and Participation Agreement Erehwon APA with Erehwon Oil Gas, LLC Erehwon to acquire oil and gas interests and drill, complete, re-enter, re-complete, sidetrack, and equip wells in Valley County, Daniels County
and Roosevelt County, Montana. The Erehwon APA specifies calculations for royalty interests and working interests for the first 10 well
completions and first 10 well recompletions and for all additional wells and recompletions thereafter. Lustre will acquire initial mineral
leases and pay 100 of the costs with a cap of 500,000. When the cap is exceeded, Erehwon will have the option to acquire a 10 working
interest WI in a lease by paying 10 of any lease acquisition cost, resulting in Lustre paying 90 of the lease costs,
on a lease by lease basis. Until amounts paid to complete the first 10 new wells and first 10 recompletions are repaid Payback ),
the WI split between Erehwon and Lustre is 10 /90 . Thereafter, the split between Erehwon and Lustre is 20 /80 . Additional wells and
recompletions will have a WI split equal to their respective working interest in the leases. This will be 10 Erehwon and 90 Lustre
unless Erehwon exercises its option to increase its WI by 10 percent points to 20 /80 , as described above. Under the Erehwon APA, Lustre
will fund 100 of the construction costs of the first ten wells and first ten completions. Additional wells will be funded 80 by Lustre
and 20 by Erehwon; provided, that Erehwon has the option to pay 10 of the cost to increase its WI to 20 . Royalty expense will consist
of the sum of royalty interest to the land owner and an overriding royalty interest to two individuals Prospect Generators not to exceed 6 nor be less than 3 . For the first 10 new wells and first 10 recompletions, the Prospect Generators will receive an
amount equal to 5 of the cost of each completed producing well. 

On
June 30, 2020, the Company entered into the Limited Liability Company Agreement (the LLC Agreement of Cat Creek Holdings
LLC Cat Creek ), a Montana limited liability company formed as a joint venture with Lipson Investments LLC Lipson and Viper Oil Gas, LLC Viper for the purchase of certain oil and gas properties in the Cat Creek Field in Petroleum
and Garfield Counties in the State of Montana (the Cat Creek Properties ). In accordance with the LLC Agreement, the Company
invested 448,900 in Cat Creek for 50 of the ownership interests in Cat Creek using cash on hand. Each of Lipson Investments LLC and
Viper Oil Gas, LLC, the other two members of Cat Creek, have ownership interests in Cat Creek of 25 in consideration of their
respective investments of 224,450. Cat Creek is managed by a Board of Directors consisting of four directors, two of which shall be
designated by the Company. 

In
January 2022, the Company and Lustre executed a Net Profits Interest Agreement effective as of October 2021 NPI Agreement with Erehwon and Olfert No. 11-4 Holdings, LLC Olfert Holdings for the purpose of funding the first well, Olfert #11-4,
(the Well under the Erehwon Acquisition and Participation Agreement APA ). In connection with the NPI Agreement,
the Company was credited a contribution totaling 59,935 of well development costs as determined per agreement with Olfert on behalf
of Olfert Holding representing a 5.5 interest in the entity as of May 31, 2022 based on the carrying value of assets contributed to
Olfert. The total investment recorded by Laredo was 19,435 as of May 31, 2022. The difference between the 59,935 contribution recorded
at the Olfert level and the investment recorded by Laredo is due to the investment at Laredo being recorded at the carrying value of
the assets contributed. As Laredo also currently serves as the manager of Olfert, the Company exercises significant influence. Accordingly,
the amount paid is recorded as an equity method investment as of May 31, 2023. See further disclosures in Note 9. 

and , respectively, were recognized for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

and during the years
ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Acquisition costs 

Oil and gas acquisition and drilling costs 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and interest expense recorded related
to the debt discount amortization and and interest expense on the note payable, included in the Consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

F- 12 

and , respectively. 

The
Company s cash flow estimate for the asset retirement obligation is based upon the assumption of a 25-year expected life of
the well, discounted using a credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate of 10 . 

The
Company s accretion expense totaling was recorded in the year ending May 31, 2023. Since drilling of the Olfert#11-4 well
commenced in May 2022, the Company recorded no accretion expense as of May 31, 2022. 

and shares of common stock, and 
and shares underlying convertible debt outstanding, were not included in the computation of diluted earnings/(loss) per share
because they were anti-dilutive. 

Denominator - weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per common share 

F- 13 

at a market rate of interest. In
August 2022, the Company repaid the principal amount of the note, and accrued interest, in exchange for property, plant and equipment. 

In
accordance with the NPI Agreement, between October 2021 and August 2022, Olfert #11-4 Holdings transferred funds totaling 1,859,195
to Lustre, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, to provide funds for drilling expenses incurred by Lustre with respect to the
development of one well. 

On
June 22, 2022, the Company assigned to the Company s Chief Financial Officer the right to purchase up to 356,243 of the 500,000
membership interests in Olfert #11-4 in exchange for the Company s Chief Financial Officer s payment of 356,243 of the Company s
capital commitment to Olfert #11-4. 

On
October 26, 2022, the Company borrowed 150,000 from the Company s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to a demand note bearing an
annual interest rate of 10 . The demand note is secured by all of the Company s interests in Lustre, pursuant to the terms of a
Membership Interest Pledge Agreement. 

In
February 2023, the Company s Chief Financial Officer made several advances to the Company, totaling 50,000. The advances were
not made pursuant to a promissory note, and the advances are not secured. On March 15, 2023, the Company received a loan of 30,000 from
the Company s Chief Financial Officer. During April and May 2023, the Company s Chief Financial Officer advanced another
 62,099.10. Total advances aggregate to 292,099.10. 

F- 14 

Expected dividend yield 

Expected volatility 

Expected life of options 
 6.0 years 
 6.0 years 

The
risk-free interest rate is based upon the U.S. Treasury interest rate in effect at the time of grant for a bond with a similar term.
The Company does not anticipate declaring dividends in the foreseeable future. Volatility is estimated based on the historical share
prices over the same period as the expected life of the stock options. The Company uses the simplified method for determining the expected
term of its stock options. 

The
Company recorded share-based compensation for stock option grants totaling and in general, selling and administrative
expense during the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Stock
Options 

As
of May 31, 2023 and 2022, there were 618,776 and 1,143,761 unvested and unrecognized shares. As of May 31, 2023, unrecognized compensation
cost related to nonvested stock options amounted to 45,287 which is expected to be recognized over the next two years. 

Options granted and assumed 

Options expired 

Options cancelled, forfeited 

Options exercised 
 - 
 - 

Balance, May 31, 2022 

Options granted and assumed 

Options expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options cancelled, forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Options exercised 
 - 
 - 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

All
stock options are exercisable upon vesting. As of May 31, 2023, there were vested options outstanding. 

As
of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and options are outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of and , respectively. 

Restricted
Stock 

The
Company entered into a financial advisory agreement, dated July 21, 2022 (the Advisory Agreement ), pursuant to which the
Company engaged Dawson James Securities, Inc. Dawson to render services as a corporate finance consultant. The term of
the Advisory Agreement is twelve months from the date of the Advisory Agreement, unless terminated by either party with 30 days prior
written notice to the other party, beginning 60 days following the date of the Advisory Agreement. Under the terms of the Advisory Agreement,
Dawson will provide advice to the Company concerning business and financial planning, corporate organization and structure, private and
public equity and debt financing, and such other matters as the parties may mutually agree. 

As
compensation to Dawson for the services provided under the Advisory Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay Dawson 30,000 per calendar
quarter, with the first such payment being paid one day after the date of execution, and each subsequent payment being due three months
after the previous payment. The Company made the first 30,000 payment in July 2022. The Company also agreed to issue to Dawson 2,600,000
shares of the Company s common stock, payable in four installments of (i) 1,000,000 shares issued within three business days after
the date of the Advisory Agreement, (ii) 550,000 shares for the subsequent quarter, and (iii) 525,000 shares for each of the remaining
two quarters of the term of the Advisory Agreement. The first 1,000,000 restricted shares were issued in July 2022. During the twelve
months ending May 31, 2023, the Company recorded advisory service fees totaling 160,000 with respect to the 1,000,000 shares of the
Company s common stock issued pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. After the first 30,000 payment and issuance of 1,000,000 shares
of common stock, the Advisory Agreement has been suspended indefinitely. 

If
during the term of the Advisory Agreement, the Company decides to (i) finance or refinance any indebtedness using a manager or an agent,
or (ii) raise funds by means of a public offering or private placement of equity or debt securities, Dawson will have the right to act
as lead manager, placement agent or agent (or have any affiliate act in such role) for such financing, provided that Dawson has then
secured at least 5,000,000 in equity financing for the Company. As of the date of this filing, Dawson has not secured any equity financing
for the Company. 

In
April 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual for corporate structuring and strategic planning and compliance
services. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company agreed to compensate the consultant with cash and restricted shares of the Company s
common stock, which shares vest equally over the 12-month term of the consulting agreement. During the twelve months ending May 31, 2023,
the Company recorded 27,257 in professional fees with respect to the issuance of the first two tranches of 272,474 restricted shares.
The consulting agreement was terminated in July 2022. 

The
Company granted no shares of restricted stock during fiscal year 2023. 

F- 16 

(the Convertible Notes ),
receiving in net cash proceeds. The Convertible Notes had an original issue discount of 19,275. The Company deducted 
in additional debt issue costs from the gross proceeds it received from the Convertible Notes. The Company is amortizing a total
of 32,025 recorded as debt discount using the effective interest method through the maturity dates of the Convertible Notes. The
Convertible Notes are due in one year from the date of issuance, accrue interest at 8 per annum (22 upon the occurrence of an event
of default) and are convertible 180 days after issuance into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of 25 of the average
of the three lowest trading prices during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion. 

In
November of 2022, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with two accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company
issued two convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of (the Convertible Notes ), receiving
 in net cash proceeds. The Convertible Notes had an original issue discount of 12,750. The Company deducted in additional debt
issue costs from the gross proceeds it received from the Convertible Notes. The Company is amortizing a total of 20,250 recorded
as debt discount using the effective interest method through the maturity dates of the Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes are due
in one year from the date of issuance, accrue interest at 8 per annum (22 upon the occurrence of an event of default) and are convertible
180 days after issuance into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of 25 of the average of the three lowest trading
prices during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion. 

In
October 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company issued
a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of , receiving in net cash proceeds. The note had an original
issue discount of 5,000. An additional in debt issue costs were deducted from the gross proceeds from the note. The total
of 10,000 recorded as debt discount is being amortized using the effective interest method through the maturity dates of the note.
The note is due in one year from the date of issuance, accrues interest at 12 per annum (22 upon the occurrence of an event of default)
and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of 30 to the average of the three lowest
trading prices during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion. 

On
September 6, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company
issued a convertible promissory note in the principal amount of , receiving in net cash proceeds. The convertible
promissory note had an original issue discount of 8,875, and in debt issue costs were deducted from the gross proceeds. The total
of 12,625 recorded as debt discount is being amortized using the effective interest method through the maturity dates of the convertible
promissory note. The convertible promissory note is due in one year from the date of issuance, accrues interest at 8 per annum (22 
upon the occurrence of an event of default) and is convertible after 180 days into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount
of 25 from the average of the three lowest trading prices during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion. 

In
October, November, December of 2021, and March, April and May of 2022, the Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements with three
accredited investors, pursuant to which the Company issued six convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of ,
receiving in net cash proceeds (the Convertible Notes ). The Convertible Notes had an original issue discount
of 58,575. Additional debt issue costs of were deducted from the gross proceeds from the Convertible Notes. The Company
is amortizing a total of recorded as debt discount using the effective interest method through the maturity dates of the
Convertible Notes. The Convertible Notes are due in one year from the date of issuance, accrue interest at 8 per annum (22 upon the
occurrence of an event of default) and are convertible 180 days after issuance into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount
of 25 of the average of the three lowest trading prices during the 15 trading days immediately preceding the conversion. As of May 31,
2022, the Company determined the value associated with the beneficial conversion feature in connection with the issuance of the Convertible
Notes resulted in a further increase in the debt discount of 55,918, which will be amortized using the effective interest method through
the dates the notes are initially convertible. The additional debt discount was subsequently reversed during the first quarter of fiscal
2023 pursuant to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 as follows. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, which simplifies the accounting for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities
and equity. Entities should adopt the guidance as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption and cannot adopt the guidance in an
interim reporting period. This accounting standard update, which was adopted by the Company effective June 1, 2022, impacts the ongoing
accounting of the convertible notes. 

The
Company adopted this standard using the modified retrospective method of transition and applied the guidance to transactions outstanding
as of the beginning of the current fiscal year on June 1, 2022. Transactions that were settled (or expired) during prior reporting periods
are unaffected. The cumulative effect of the change is recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at the
date of adoption. Due to the adoption of this accounting standard update under the modified retrospective method, prior periods were
not restated. Upon adoption, the Company recorded a 16,200 cumulative-effect adjustment that increased the opening balance of retained
earnings on the consolidated balance sheet due to the reduction in non-cash interest expense associated with the historical separation
of debt and equity components for the Company s Convertible Notes. The Company also recorded a 39,718 increase to convertible
debt and a decrease to additional paid-in capital of 55,918 due to no longer separating the embedded conversion feature of the Convertible
Notes. This adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated statement of cash flows. 

The
Company has the right to prepay the Convertible Notes at any time during the first six months the Convertible Notes are outstanding at
the rate of (a) 110 of the unpaid principal amount of such note plus interest, during the first 120 days the note is outstanding, and
(b) 115 of the unpaid principal amount of such note plus interest between days 121 and 180 after the issuance date of the note. The
Convertible Notes may not be prepaid after the 180 th day following the issuance date unless the applicable note holders
agree to such repayment and such terms. 

The
Company agreed to reserve the number of shares of its common stock that may be issuable upon conversion of the Convertible Notes while
the Convertible Notes are outstanding. 

The
Convertible Notes provide for standard and customary events of default, such as failing to timely make payments under the Convertible
Notes when due, the failure of the Company to timely comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 reporting requirements and the failure
to maintain a listing on the OTC Markets. The Convertible Notes also contain customary positive and negative covenants. The Convertible
Notes include penalties and damages payable to the noteholders in the event the Company does not comply with the terms of the Convertible
Notes, including in the event the Company does not issue shares of common stock to the noteholders upon conversion of the Convertible
Notes within the time periods set forth therein. Additionally, upon the occurrence of certain defaults, as described in the Convertible
Notes, the Company is required to pay the noteholders liquidated damages in addition to the amount owed under the Convertible Notes (including
in some cases up to 300 of the amount of the applicable Convertible Note). 

At
no time may the Convertible Notes be converted into shares of the Company s common stock if such conversion would result in the
noteholders and their affiliates owning shares representing in excess of 4.99 of the then outstanding shares of the Company s
common stock. 

The
proceeds from the Convertible Notes could be used by the Company for general corporate purposes. 

In
May 2023, the Company repaid 140,250 in principal and 27,410 in related accrued interest and prepayment penalty interest pursuant to
two separate Convertible Notes entered into on November 7, and November 22, 2022. 

During
April and May of 2023, the Company repaid the 55,000 in principal and 10,372 in related accrued interest and prepayment penalty interest
pursuant to a Convertible Note entered into on October 13, 2022. To satisfy the obligation, in addition to the interest payments, the
Company repaid 23,360 principal in cash and issued to the note holder 1,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock at an average
price of 0.03164 per share. 

During
March and April of 2023, the Company repaid the 97,625 in principal and 4,279 in accrued interest pursuant to a Convertible Note entered
into on September 6, 2022. To satisfy the obligation, the Company issued to the note holder 1,902,039 shares of the Company s common
stock, at an average price of 0.05358 per share. 

During
October and November 2022, the Company exchanged 114,125 of principal and 4,150 of accrued interest of the single Convertible Note
entered into on April 14, 2022 for 1,468,042 shares of the Company s common stock, at an average price of 0.0806 per share. 

On
September 2, 2022 the Company repaid the single Convertible Note entered into on March 1, 2022. The repayment totaled 64,088, comprised
of 53,625 principal and 10,463 in related accrued interest and prepayment penalty interest. The Company recorded the related deferred
debt discount and debt issue costs, totaling 4,371, as interest expense. 

On
June 27, 2022, the Company repaid the single Convertible Note entered into in December 2021. The repayment totaled 65,745, comprised
of 55,000 in principal and 10,745 in related accrued interest and prepayment penalty interest. The Company recorded the related deferred
debt discount and debt issue costs, totaling 4,435, as interest expense. 

During
April and May 2022, the Company repaid the Convertible Notes entered into in October and November 2021. The repayment for the remaining
Convertible Notes totaled 136,479, comprised of 114,125 in principal and 22,354 in related accrued interest and prepayment penalty
interest. The Company borrowed the 136,479 from Cat Creek to repay these Convertible Notes. 

The
Convertible Note issued in November 2021 was repaid in an amount that totaled 85,469, comprised of 71,500 in principal and 13,969
in related accrued interest and prepayment penalty interest. 

Upon
the repayment of the October 2021 and November 2021 Convertible Notes, the Company recorded the related remaining outstanding debt discount
and debt issue costs, totaling 12,388, as interest expense. 

12 
Secured Promissory Note 

On
March 23, 2023, an individual accredited investor paid the Company the aggregate amount of 100,000 for a Secured Promissory Note, dated
March 23, 2023, in the aggregate principal amount of 100,000 (the Note ). The Note will accrue interest on the outstanding
principal sum at the rate of 12.0 per annum and has a maturity date of March 23, 2024. Interest will be due and payable monthly in arrears.
The Note is secured by certain equipment owned by the Company pursuant to a Security Agreement with the Lender. On May 23, 2023, the
Note was increased by 83,000 to an aggregate principal amount of 183,000. 

12 
One Year Promissory Notes 

On
May 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company issued
a promissory note in the principal amount of 200,200 and received 175,000 in net cash proceeds. On January 5, 2023, the
note was satisfied in full with a final payment of 67,266. The promissory note had an original issue discount of 21,450 and 3,750
in debt issue costs were deducted from the gross proceeds. The Company was amortizing the total of 25,200 recorded as debt discount
using the effective interest method through the maturity dates of the convertible promissory note. The note was due one year following
the date of issuance, and accrued interest at 12 per annum (22 upon the occurrence of an event of default). Accrued, unpaid interest
and outstanding principal was due in ten equal monthly payments of 22,422.40, starting on July 15, 2022. In the event of default (including
a missed payment), the note was convertible at the option of the investor into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount
of 25 from the lowest closing bid price during the ten trading days immediately preceding the conversion date. 

On
January 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company
issued a promissory note in the principal amount of 197,313, receiving 150,000 in net cash proceeds. The convertible promissory
note had an original issue discount of 21,450, and an additional 3,750 in debt issue costs were deducted from the gross proceeds. The
total of 25,200 recorded as debt discount is being amortized using the effective interest method through the maturity date of the
convertible promissory note. The note is due one year following the date of issuance and accrues interest at 12 per annum (22 upon
the occurrence of an event of default). Accrued, unpaid interest and outstanding principal is due in ten equal monthly payments of 22,099.10,
starting on February 15, 2023. In the event of default (including a missed payment), the note is convertible at the option of the investor
into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount of 25 from the lowest closing bid price during the ten trading days immediately
preceding the conversion date. 

Promissory
Note 

The
Company entered into a Secured Promissory Note, dated June 28, 2022 (the Secured Note ), with the initial principal amount
of 750,000. The Secured Note is payable to Cali Fields LLC (the Lender ). The Secured Note accrues interest on the outstanding
principal sum at the rate of 15.0 per annum. The Company may prepay the Secured Note in whole or in part, without penalty, with any
such payment being applied first to any accrued and unpaid interest, and then to the principal amount. The Secured Note has a maturity
date of December 31, 2023. 

As
partial consideration for the Lender s advance of the principal amount of the Secured Note, the Company agreed to pay the Lender
a quarterly revenue royalty equal to 0.5 of the consolidated revenue of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries from the production
of oil, gas, gas liquids and all other hydrocarbons, recognized by the Company during the most recent calendar quarter during the Royalty
Period, from June 1, 2022 through May 31, 2027. 

The
Secured Note is secured by the Company s fifty percent (50 interest in Cat Creek Holdings, LLC. 

Secured
Convertible Debt 

The
Company entered into a Note Purchase Agreement dated September 23, 2022 (the Note Purchase Agreement ), for the issuance
of secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of up to 7,500,000. Pursuant to this Note Purchase Agreement,
during September, October and November 2022, the Company issued three promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 290,000
and accrued interest at 10 per annum, later increased to 12 per annum. In December 2022, January 2023 and February 2023, the Company
issued three additional promissory notes totaling 250,000. Under the Note Purchase Agreement, the Company may issue additional promissory
notes, up to the 7,500,000 total principal amount. The promissory notes accrue interest on the outstanding principal sum at the rate
of 12.0 per annum, payable quarterly starting September 30, 2023, and are convertible into the Company s common stock at a conversion
price of 1.00 per share. The notes issued under the Note Purchase Agreement have a maturity date of September 30, 2025. 

Revolving
Note 

On
May 25, 2022, the Company entered into a Revolving Credit Note (the Revolving Note with AEI Management, Inc. AEI ),
with a maximum draw amount of . In May 2022 and June 2022, the Company borrowed 62,858 and 48,000, respectively, under
the Revolving Note. The Revolving Note had a maturity date of May 1, 2023, or such later date as requested by the Company and agreed
in writing by AEI in its sole discretion. On May 22, 2023, the Revolving Note principal of 110,858 and accrued interest of 19,510 was
paid and the Revolving Note canceled. 

Less amounts classified as current 

Note payable Alleghany, net of current portion 
 - 
 - 

During
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2011, the Company entered into two Loan Agreements with Alleghany Capital for a combined available borrowing
limit of . The notes accrued interest on the outstanding principal of 350,000 at the rate of 6 per annum, with an amended due
date of December 31, 2020. 

In
connection with the SORC Purchase Transaction, the notes were amended, restated and consolidated into one note including all accrued
interest through December 31, 2020, for a total of 631,434 (the Senior Consolidated Note with a maturity date of June
30, 2022. The Senior Consolidated Note requires any stock issuances for cash be utilized to pay down the outstanding loan balance unless
written consent is obtained from Alleghany. As part of the SORC Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to secure repayment of the Senior
Consolidated Note with certain equipment and to reduce the note balance with any proceeds received from any sales of such equipment.
During the five months ending May 31, 2021, the Company repaid 13,500 of the Senior Consolidated Note upon the sale of certain equipment.
The note bears no interest until January 1, 2022 whereupon the interest rate increases to 5 per annum through maturity. Principal with
all accrued and unpaid interest is due at maturity. In connection with the SORC acquisition purchase price allocation, the Company recorded
a debt discount totaling 30,068 in recognition of imputed interest on the Senior Consolidated Note, to be amortized over the first year
of the note term. The debt discount has been fully amortized as of December 31, 2021. In August 2022, the Company entered an amendment
to the Senior Consolidated Note whereby the maturity date of the loan was extended to December 31, 2023 in exchange for an interest rate
to 8 per annum commencing July 1, 2022. Further, if the loan is not paid prior to December 31, 2022, the revenue royalty as defined
in the Purchase Agreement will be increased from 5 to 6 . As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Senior Consolidated Note is recorded as current. 

Less amounts classified as current 

PPP loan, excluding current portion 

On
April 28, 2020, the Company entered into a Note (the Note with IBERIABANK for pursuant to the terms of the
Paycheck Protection Program PPP authorized by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act CARES
Act In June 2020, the Flexibility Act which amended the CARES Act was signed into law. Pursuant to the Flexibility Act, the Note
continues to accrue interest on the outstanding principal sum at the rate of 1 per annum. In addition, the initial two-year Note term
has been extended to five years through mutual agreement with IBERIABANK as allowed under Flexibility Act provisions. 

In
February 2021, the Company drew an additional under the PPP Second Draw Loans, bringing the total principal borrowed to 2,467,311.
The additional draw is under the same terms and conditions as the first PPP loan. 

The
Flexibility Act also provides that if a borrower does not apply for forgiveness of a loan within 10 months after the last day of
the measurement period covered period ), the PPP loan is no longer deferred and the borrower must begin paying
principal and interest. In addition, the Flexibility Act extended the length of the covered period from eight weeks to 24 weeks from
receipt of proceeds, while allowing borrowers that received PPP loans before June 5, 2020 to determine, at their sole discretion, a covered
period of either 8 weeks or 24 weeks. 

No
interest or principal will be due during the deferral period, although interest will continue to accrue over this period. As of May 31,
2022, interest totaling 15,353 is recorded in accrued interest on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. After the deferral period
and after taking into account any loan forgiveness applicable to the Note, any remaining principal and accrued interest will be payable
in substantially equal monthly installments over the remaining term of the Note. 

The
Company did not provide any collateral or guarantees for the loan, nor did the Company pay any facility charge to obtain the loan. The
Note provides for customary events of default, including, among others, those relating to failure to make payment, bankruptcy, breaches
of representations and material adverse effects. The Company may prepay the Note at any time without payment of any penalty or premium. 

The
Company applied for forgiveness of the first PPP note and in July 2021 received notice that of the 1,233,656 note payable
balance has been forgiven. The portion of the loan forgiven, has been recorded as income from the extinguishment of its loan obligation
as of the date when the Company is legally released from being the primary obligor in accordance with ASC 405-20-40-1. Monthly payments
commence on September 1, 2021 with respect to the remaining 23,847 balance on the first Note. 

In
April 2022, the Company applied for partial forgiveness of the PPP Second Draw Loan and received notice that of the principal
and related interest balance has been forgiven and is recorded as income from the extinguishment of the loan obligation. Monthly payments
of 26,752 commence on June 3, 2022 with respect to the remaining 1,166,973 balance on the second PPP Note. 

Stock compensation 

Deferred compensation 

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

Effect of non-taxable and non-deductible permanent differences 

Effect of change in statutory tax rate 
 - 
 - 
 
 Other 

Increase/(decrease) in valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 - 
 - 

The
net federal operating loss carry forward will expire between 2030 and 2043. This carry forward may be limited upon the consummation of
a business combination under IRC Section 381. 

F- 21 

and for each of the years ending May 31, 2023 and
2022. 

Revenue
Royalty 

In
accordance with the Securities Purchase Agreement, Laredo agreed to pay to Alleghany a revenue royalty of 5.0 of the Company s
future revenues and net profits relating to oil, gas, gas liquids and all other hydrocarbons, subject to certain adjustments, for a period
of seven years after the closing, December 31, 2020. 

in Cat Creek for 50 of the ownership interests in
Cat Creek using cash on hand. Each of Lipson Investments LLC and Viper Oil Gas, LLC, the other two members of Cat Creek, have ownership
interests in Cat Creek of 25 in consideration of their respective investments of 224,450. Cat Creek will be managed by a Board of Directors
consisting of four directors, two of which shall be designated by Laredo. 

Cat
Creek entered into an Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Carrell Oil Company Seller on July 1, 2020 for the purchase of the Cat Creek Properties from Seller. On September 21, 2020, upon resolving the purchase contingency
under the Purchase Agreement, the Seller received consideration of 400,000, taking into effect certain adjustments resulting from pre-
and post-effective date revenue, expense, and allocations. 

Summarized
Financial Information 

The
following table provides summarized financial information for the Company s ownership interest in Cat Creek accounted for under
the equity method for the May 31, 2023 period presented and has been compiled from respective company financial statements, reflects
certain historical adjustments, and is reported on a two-month lag. Results of operations are excluded for periods prior to acquisition. 

Non-current Assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Shareholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Results of Operations: 
 Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Revenue 

Gross Profit 

Net Loss/Income 

Olfert
11-4 Holdings 

The
following table provides summarized financial information for the Company s ownership interest in Olfert #11-4 Holding accounted
for under the equity method for the May 31, 2023 period presented and has been compiled from respective company financial statements
and reflects certain historical adjustments. Results of operations are excluded for periods prior to acquisition. See Note 9 for further
information. 

Non-current Assets 

Total Assets 

Accounts Payable 

- 
 
 Shareholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Results of Operations: 
 Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 
 Year Ended May 31, 2022 

Revenue 
 - 

- 

Gross Profit 
 - 

- 

Net Loss 

() 

F- 23 

F- 24 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 lrdc-ex23_1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM - BF BORGERS CPA PC

EXHIBIT 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation in this Registration Statement on Form
S-8 of our report dated September 13, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Laredo Oil, Inc. as of May 31, 2023 and to all references
to our firm included in this Annual report. 

/s/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

Certified Public Accountants 

 Lakewood, CO 

 September 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 lrdc-ex23_2.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM - WEAVER AND TIDWELL, L.L.P.

EXHIBIT 23.2 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-153168) of Laredo Oil, Inc. (the
 Company ), of our report dated September 13, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of
May 31, 2022 and May 31, 2021 and for the years then ended, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year
ended May 31, 2023. 

/S/
WEAVER AND TIDWELL, L.L.P. 

Dallas,
Texas 

 September
13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 lrdc-ex31_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A).

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

I, Mark See, Chief Executive Officer of Laredo Oil, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the of Laredo Oil, Inc., the registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 13, 2023 

/s/ Mark See 

Mark See 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 lrdc-ex31_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A).

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) 

I, Bradley E. Sparks, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Laredo
Oil, Inc., certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the of Laredo Oil,
Inc., the registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 13, 2023 

/s/ Bradley E. Sparks 

Bradley E. Sparks 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 lrdc-ex32_1.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Laredo
Oil, Inc. on Form 10-K for the, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), I, Mark See, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Mark See 

Mark See 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: September 13, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 lrdc-ex32_2.htm
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002.

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Laredo
Oil, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
(the Report ), I, Bradley E. Sparks, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

(1) the Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Bradley E. Sparks 

Bradley E. Sparks 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

Date: September 13, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 lrdc-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lrdc-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 lrdc-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 lrdc-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

