<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230912_10-K_edgar_data_1114925_0001683168-23-006386.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7394390</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280765</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1349388</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2166146</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1513982</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1868238</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006386.hdr.sgml : 20230912
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230912163822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006386
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230912
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230912

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LANTRONIX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001114925
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT [3576]
		IRS NUMBER:				330362767
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16027
		FILM NUMBER:		231250586

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 DISCOVERY, SUITE 250
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9494533990

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		48 DISCOVERY, SUITE 250
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006386.txt : 20230912

10-K
 1
 lantronix_i10k-063023.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

 ANNUAL REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed
a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates based upon the closing sales price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market on
December 31, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s second fiscal quarter, was approximately . The determination
of affiliate status for this purpose shall not be a conclusive determination for any other purpose. 

As of August 31, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement
on Schedule 14A relating to the registrant's 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 21 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 22 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 23 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 35 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 37 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 37 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 38 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 38 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 38 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 38 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 39 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 42 

Not required for a smaller reporting company. 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023,
or this Report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements are subject to
substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established
by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report,
or incorporated by reference into this Report, are forward-looking statements. Throughout this Report, we have attempted to identify forward-looking
statements by using words such as may, believe, will, could, project, 
 anticipate, expect, estimate, should, continue, potential, 
 plan, forecasts, goal, seek, intend, other forms of these words
or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as our expected
earnings, revenues, expenses and financial condition, our expectations with respect to the development of new products, expectations regarding
the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or similar outbreaks, and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking
statements. 

We have based our forward-looking statements on management s current
expectations and projections about trends affecting our business and industry and other future events. Although we do not make forward-looking
statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. Forward-looking statements are
subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our future business, financial condition, results of operations or performance
to differ materially from our historical results or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement contained in this Report.
Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects or which could cause actual results to differ
materially from our expectations include, but are not limited to, those set forth under Risk Factors in Item 1A of Part
I of this Report, as such factors may be updated, amended or superseded from time to time by subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
or current reports on Form 8-K. In addition, actual results may differ as a result of additional risks and uncertainties of which we are
currently unaware or which we do not currently view as material to our business. 

You should read this Report in its entirety, together with the documents
that we file as exhibits to this Report, with the understanding that our future results may be materially different from what we currently
expect. The forward-looking statements we make speak only as of the date on which they are made. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation
to update any forward-looking statements after the date hereof to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our opinions
or expectations, except as required by applicable law or the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market. If we do update or correct any forward-looking
statements, investors should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections. 

We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Lantronix, Inc. is a global Industrial and Enterprise internet of things IoT provider of solutions that target high growth applications in specific verticals such as Smart Grid, Intelligent Transportation,
Smart Cities, and AI Data Centers. Building on a long history of Networking and video processing competence, target applications include
Intelligent Substations infrastructure, Infotainment systems, and Video Surveillance, supplemented with a comprehensive Out of Band Management OOB products offering for Cloud and Edge Computing. 

We organize our portfolio of services into the following product lines:
Embedded IoT Modules, IoT Systems Solutions, and Software and Services. 

We were incorporated in California in 1989 and reincorporated in Delaware
in 2000. 

References in this Report to fiscal 2023 refer to the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023 and references to fiscal 2022 refer to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. In addition, unless
the context suggests otherwise, all reference in this Report to the Company, we, and us, refer
to Lantronix, Inc. together with its subsidiaries. 

Our Strategy 

Today, more businesses are seeking to streamline their operations by connecting
their Operational Technology OT Infrastructure equipment to the Internet, manage it remotely, and reduce costs. The growth
in the IoT and OOB markets is being driven by the growing importance of data analytics, and the rapidly falling cost of sensors, connectivity,
compute, and storage. Designing and deploying these projects is complex, costly and time-consuming. Our products are
designed to help companies increase speed and reduce the complexity of their deployments by offering our customers customizable solutions,
that address each layer of the IoT Stack, such as Collect, Connect, Compute, Control and Comprehend. 

We are executing on a growth strategy that includes continuous innovation
supplemented by strategic acquisitions with the intent of increasing our scale and broadening our scope so that we can increase our value
proposition to customers. We believe this strategy will allow us to address a larger portion of our customers operational needs
and engage with them as a strategic partner. This strategy is starting to bear fruits as we continue to strengthen our position in the
market and more customers come to us for a wider variety of applications. 

Products and Solutions 

Embedded IoT Modules 

This portfolio of embedded products provides a variety of options including
Compute System-on-Module SOM or System-in-Package SIP solutions supplemented with wired and wireless network
Connectivity products. As the level of silicon integration continues to grow, the compute modules also provide the ability to Collect
digital information (Video, Audio or Sensors) and analyze/comprehend the data streams based on specific AI/ML algorithms. The new implementations
of SIP devices can process multiple media streams with CV (Computer Vision) technology and the modules can be Controlled remotely via
ConsoleFlow , Lantronix s Cloud SaaS platform. Our IoT compute products typically are embedded into a customer new product
design, enabling advanced application functionality at the edge. These products include application processing that delivers compute to
meet customer needs for data transformation, computer vision, machine learning, augmented / virtual reality, audio / video aggregation
and distribution, and custom applications at the edge. Many of the products are offered with software tools intended to further accelerate
our customers time-to-market and increase their value add. Most of our IoT embedded products are pre-certified in a number of countries
thereby significantly reducing our original equipment manufacturer OEM customers regulatory certification costs
and accelerating their time-to-market. 

1 

The following product families are included in our Embedded IoT Solutions
product line: Open-Q SOMs and SIPs, XPort , XPort Pro, WiPort , Development Kits, xPico , xPico Wi-Fi, NICS, Optical
SFPs, PremierWave EN, and PremierWave XC. 

IoT System Solutions 

The IoT Systems Solutions portfolio consists of fully functional standalone
systems that provide routing, switching or gateway functionalities as well as Telematics and media conversion. These products include
wired and wireless connections that enhance the value and utility of modern electronic systems and equipment by providing secure network
connectivity, power for IoT end devices through Power over Ethernet PoE ), application hosting, protocol conversion, media
conversion, secure access for distributed IoT deployments and many other functions. Most of our IoT System products are pre-certified
in a number of countries thereby significantly reducing our original equipment manufacturer OEM customers regulatory
certification costs and accelerating their time-to-market. 

Our PoE products support remote devices such as cameras and wireless access
points by passing electrical power along with data on Ethernet cabling, eliminating the need for traditional AC/DC electrical power in
hard-to-reach locations. As more cities move to implement smart city technology, a major component will be solutions designed to protect
and provide services to citizens, such as intelligent transportation and surveillance networks. Our switches deliver the necessary connectivity,
bandwidth and power to enable these solutions. Many of our products incorporate features to perform advanced levels of fault management
and diagnostics to troubleshoot networks and proactively fix problems. Our media converters and other customer premise equipment CPE assist customers in resolving challenges in the areas of bandwidth constraints, security risks, and distance limitations as networks extend
from local area to wide area networks and adapt to ever increasing end-user demands. 

Our smart tracking devices are designed to deliver robust data logging
and positional tracking functionality and reliability for supply chain and logistics solutions. Our telematics devices are designed to
be flexible in the field and offer a variety of connectivity options to suit the customers needs across 3G, 4G, and LTE cellular
networks. These power efficient products are designed to support communications across interfaces and industrial protocols for vehicle,
fleet, and asset tracking and management. Many of the products are offered with software tools intended to further accelerate our customers 
time-to-market and increase their value add. Most of our IoT Telematics products are pre-certified in a number of countries thereby significantly
reducing our OEM customers regulatory certification costs and accelerating their time-to-market. 

As Edge Computing deployment accelerates, OOB Management allows for
full comprehension and control of a remote IT infrastructure, across a range of sensors (e.g., temperature, humidity, light,
acceleration, open / close, etc.) providing status and alerting, enabling automation, and remote control of devices, servers, and
end stations. OOB is a technique that uses a dedicated management network to access critical infrastructure components and ensure
production independent connectivity. Remote Management allows organizations to effectively monitor and control their enterprise IT
equipment and facilities (environments), either in or out of band, optimizing their IT support resources. 

Our AOOB Advanced OOB product line includes console management,
power management, and IP connected keyboard-video-mouse (commonly referred to as IPKVM products that provide remote access
to IT and networking infrastructure deployed in test labs, data centers, branch offices, remote sites, and server rooms. 

The following product families are included in IoT System Solutions product
line: EDS, EDS-MD, xPress , xDirect , E21x, E22x, G52x, X30x, Bolero4x, FOX3-4G, FOX4, SGX , SLB , SLC 8000,
Spider , UDS, EMG , S40 and PoE Switches. In addition, we offer non-PoE Network Switches and Media Converters. 

Software and Engineering Services 

Our SaaS platform provides single pane of glass management for REM and
IoT deployments. Our platform enables customers to easily deploy, monitor, manage, and automate across their global deployments, all from
a single platform login, virtually connected as though directly on each device. Our platform eliminates the need to have 24/7 personnel
on site and makes it easy to see and drill into an issue quickly, even in large scale deployments. 

2 

OEMs and System Integrators SI can leverage our platform
multitenancy functionality for supporting a wide customer base while ensuring customer separation. Over the Air OTA updates
make it easy to ensure the latest security patches, firmware, and configurations are deployed and functional. 

We leverage our engineering expertise and product development best practices
to deliver high quality, innovative products, cost-effectively and on time. 

Our engineering services flexible business model allows for choosing turnkey
product development or team augmentation for accelerating complex areas of product development such as; camera development and tuning,
voice control, machine learning, artificial intelligence, computer vision, augmented / virtual reality, mechanical and radio-frequency
design, thermal and power optimization, or in any specific area a customer needs assistance. 

In addition to our production-ready edge computing solutions, we offer
experienced multidisciplinary engineering services across complete aspects of IoT product development, including hardware engineering,
software engineering, mechanical engineering, rapid prototyping, and quality assurance. We also offer services for mechanical, hardware,
and software engineering for camera, audio, and artificial intelligence / machine learning development. 

The following product families are included in our Software Services
product line: Engineering Services, ConsoleFlow , Control Center and Level Services. 

Net Revenue by Product Line 

We have one operating and reportable business segment. A summary of our
net revenue by product line is found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
included in Part II, Item 7 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. A discussion of factors potentially affecting our
net revenue and other operating results is set forth in Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Report, which is
incorporated herein by reference. 

Sales Cycle 

Our embedded IoT solutions are typically designed into products by OEMs,
original design manufacturers ODMs and contract manufacturers. OEMs design and sell products under their own brand that
are either manufactured by the OEM in-house or by third-party contract manufacturers. ODMs design and manufacture products for third parties,
which then sell those products under the third parties brands. The design cycles using our embedded solutions typically range from
nine to 24 months and can generate revenue for the entire life cycle of an end user s product. 

Our IoT System Solutions are typically sold to end users through value
added resellers VARs systems integrators, distributors, online retailers and, to a lesser extent, OEMs. The design cycles
for these products typically range from three to 18 months and are often project-based. 

Sales Channels 

Distributors 

A majority of our sales are made through distributors. Distributors resell
our products to a wide variety of resellers and end customers including OEMs, ODMs, value-added resellers VARs ), systems
integrators, consumers, online retailers, IT resellers, corporate customers and government entities. 

Resellers 

Our products are sold by industry-specific system integrators and VARs,
who often obtain our products from our distributors. Additionally, our products are sold by direct market resellers such as CDW, ProVantage,
and Amazon.com. 

3 

Direct Sales 

To a lesser extent, we sell products directly to larger OEMs and end users.
We also maintain an ecommerce site for direct sales. 

Sales and Marketing 

We sell our products primarily through an internal sales force, which includes
regional sales managers, inside sales personnel and field applications engineers in major regions throughout the world. This team manages
our relationships with our partners and end users, identifies and develops new sales opportunities and increases penetration at existing
accounts. We implement marketing programs, tools and services, including displaying our products at industry-specific events, to generate
sales leads and increase demand for our products. 

Manufacturing 

Our manufacturing operations are primarily conducted through five third-party
contract manufacturers. We currently utilize Hana Microelectronics, primarily located in Thailand and China, Honortone, primarily located
in China, Ruby Tech and Info-Tek in Taiwan, and Tailyn in China as our contract manufacturers for most of our products. In addition, we
use Marvell Technology Inc., to manage the manufacture of our large-scale integration chips in Taiwan. We manufacture certain products
with final assembly in the U.S. to meet trade compliance requirements. 

Our contract manufacturers source raw materials, components and
integrated circuits, in accordance with our specifications and forecasts, and perform printed circuit board assembly, final assembly,
functional testing and quality control. Our products are manufactured and tested to our specifications with standard and custom components.
Many of these components are available from multiple vendors. However, we have several single-sourced supplier relationships, either because
alternative sources are not available or because the relationship is advantageous to us. 

Research and Development 

Our research and development efforts are focused on the development of
hardware and software technology to differentiate our products and enhance our competitive position in the markets we serve. Product research
and development is primarily performed in-house and supplemented with outsourced resources. 

Competition 

Our industry is highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological
advances and evolving industry standards. The market can be affected significantly by new product introductions and marketing activities
of industry participants. We believe that we compete for customers based on product features, software capabilities, company reputation,
brand recognition, technical support, relationships with partners, quality, reliability, product development capabilities, price and availability.
A discussion of factors potentially affecting our ability to compete in the markets in which we operate is set forth in Risk Factors 
included in Part I, Item 1A of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

We believe that a considerable portion of our value resides in our intellectual
property. We have developed proprietary methodologies, tools, processes and software in connection with delivering our products and services.
We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, licenses, non-disclosure
agreements and contractual provisions. We enter into a non-disclosure and confidentiality agreement with each of our employees, consultants
and third parties that have access to our proprietary technology. Pursuant to assignment of inventions agreements, all of our employees
and consultants assign to us all intellectual property rights for the relevant inventions created in connection with their employment
or contract with us. We currently hold U.S. and international patents covering various aspects of our products, with additional patent
applications pending. 

4 

U.S. and Foreign Government Regulation 

Many of our products are subject to certain mandatory regulatory approvals
in the regions in which our products are deployed. In particular, wireless products must be approved by the relevant government authority
prior to these products being offered for sale. In addition, certain jurisdictions have regulations requiring products to use environmentally
friendly components. Some of our products employ security technology, which is subject to various U.S. export restrictions. 

Employees 

As of August 18, 2023, we had 370 total employees including 357 full time
employees, none of whom is represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any labor problems resulting in a work stoppage and believe
we have good relationships with our employees. 

Customer and Geographic Concentrations 

We conduct our business globally and manage our sales teams by three geographic
regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific Japan APJ ). A discussion
of sales to our significant customers and related parties, sales within geographic regions as a percentage of net revenue and sales to
significant countries as a percentage of net revenue is set forth in Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Part II, Item 8 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. A discussion of factors potentially affecting our customer
and geographic concentrations is set forth in Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Report, which is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Available Information 

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current
Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A and other reports and information that we file or furnish pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our website at www.lantronix.com as
soon as reasonably practicable after filing or furnishing such reports with the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. The contents of
our website are not incorporated by reference into this Report. References to our website address in this Report are inactive textual
references only. 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

Executive officers serve at the discretion of our board of directors. There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. The following table presents the names, ages, and positions
held by our executive officers as of the date of this Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Jeremy R. Whitaker 
 
 53 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Eric Bass 
 
 56 
 
 Vice President of Engineering 
 
 Roger Holliday 
 
 64 
 
 Vice President of Worldwide Sales 

JEREMY R. WHITAKER has served as our interim Chief Executive Officer
since June 2023 and our Chief Financial Officer since September 2011. Mr. Whitaker returned to Lantronix after serving as Vice President,
Corporate Controller at Mindspeed, a supplier of semiconductor solutions for network infrastructure, from January 2011 to September 2011.
Mr. Whitaker previously served as our Vice President of Finance and Accounting from September 2010 to January 2011, where he was responsible
for managing all worldwide finance and accounting functions. Mr. Whitaker also served as our Senior Director of Finance and Accounting
from February 2006 to September 2010 and our Director of Finance and Accounting from August 2005 to February 2006. Prior to August 2005,
Mr. Whitaker held vice president and director level finance and accounting positions with two publicly-traded companies and worked in
the assurance practice at Ernst Young LLP for six years. 

5 

ERIC BASS has served as our Vice President
of Engineering since January 2023. Prior to joining Lantronix, Mr. Bass held the position of Director of Strategic Programs at Intrinsix
Corp., a provider of electronics and custom integrated circuit design engineering solutions and services, from January 2019 to January
2023. Previously, Mr. Bass served in multiple roles at Microsemi Corporation, a provider of semiconductor solutions differentiated by
power, security, reliability and performance, from November 2011 to August 2018, culminating with his role as Vice President of Research
 Development Voice Circuit and Power-over-Ethernet Divisions from August 2017 to August 2018, and at Zarlink Semiconductor, a provider
of mixed-signal chip technologies for a broad range of communications and medical applications, from January 2001 until Zarlink was acquired
by Microsemi in November 2011. 

ROGER HOLLIDAY joined Lantronix in January 2020 and serves as our Vice
President of Worldwide Sales. Prior to joining Lantronix, Mr. Holliday served in various positions at Microsemi Corporation since 1999,
serving most recently as Executive Vice President and General Manager from 2013 until Microsemi was acquired by Microchip Technology Inc.
in May 2018. Prior to his time at Microsemi, Mr. Holliday served in various product marketing, applications and sales management roles
at Linfinity Microelectronics, a manufacturer of standard linear and mixed signal integrated circuits, until Linfinity s acquisition
by Microsemi in 1999. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves numerous
risks and uncertainties. Before deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described
in this section, as well as other information contained in this Report and in our other filings with the SEC. This section should be read
in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Report, and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 of this Report. If any of these risks
or uncertainties actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially harmed. In
that event, the market price for our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition, risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry 

We have experienced and may in the future experience constraints
in the supply of certain materials and components that could affect our operating results. 

Some of our integrated circuits are only available from a single source
and in some cases, are no longer being manufactured. From time to time, integrated circuits, and potentially other components used in
our products, will be phased out of production by the manufacturer. When this happens, we attempt to purchase sufficient inventory to
meet our needs until a substitute component can be incorporated into our products. Nonetheless, we may be unable to purchase sufficient
components to meet our demands, or we may incorrectly forecast our demands, and purchase too many or too few components. In addition,
our products use components that have been in the past and may in the future be subject to market shortages and substantial price fluctuations,
whether due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the war between Ukraine and Russia, recent tensions between China and Taiwan or otherwise. From
time to time, we have been unable to meet customer orders because we were unable to purchase necessary components for our products. We
do not have long-term supply arrangements with most of our vendors to obtain necessary components, including semiconductor chips, or technology
for our products and instead purchase components on a purchase order basis. If we are unable to purchase components from these suppliers,
our product shipments could be prevented or delayed, which could result in a loss of sales. If we are unable to meet existing orders or
to enter into new orders because of a shortage in components, we will likely lose net revenue, risk losing customers and risk harm to
our reputation in the marketplace, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. For instance,
we continue to experience long lead times and delays in shipments of semiconductor chips. As a result, we have sought alternate sources
of certain components, which have been at a higher cost. Because semiconductor chips continue to be subject to an ongoing significant
shortage, our ability to source components that use semiconductor chips has been adversely affected. These supply interruptions have resulted
in increased component delivery lead times and increased costs to obtain components with available semiconductor chips. To the extent
this semiconductor chip shortage or other shortages continue, the production of our products may be impacted. 

6 

Future operating results depend upon our ability to timely obtain
components in sufficient quantities and on acceptable terms. 

We and our contract manufacturers are responsible for procuring raw materials
for our products. Our products incorporate some components and technologies that are only available from single or limited sources of
supply. Depending on a limited number of suppliers exposes us to risks, including limited control over pricing, availability, quality
and delivery schedules. Moreover, due to our limited sales, we may not be able to convince suppliers to continue to make components available
to us unless there is demand for these components from their other customers. If any one or more of our suppliers cease to provide us
with sufficient quantities of components in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we would have to seek alternative sources of
supply and we may have difficulty identifying additional or replacement suppliers for some of our components. 

We outsource substantially all of our manufacturing to contract manufacturers
in Asia. If our contract manufacturers are unable or unwilling to manufacture our products at the quality and quantity we request, our
business could be harmed. 

We use contract manufacturers based in Asia to manufacture substantially
all of our products. Generally, we do not have guaranteed supply agreements with our contract manufacturers or suppliers. If any of these
subcontractors or suppliers were to cease doing business with us, we might not be able to obtain alternative sources in a timely or cost-effective
manner. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers, especially in countries outside of the U.S., exposes us to a number of significant
risks, including: 

reduced control over delivery schedules, quality assurance, manufacturing yields and production costs; 

lack of guaranteed production capacity or product supply; 

effects of terrorist attacks or geopolitical conflicts abroad; 

reliance on these manufacturers to maintain competitive manufacturing technologies; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws and tariffs; 

reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; 

differing labor regulations; 

disruptions to the business, financial stability or operations, including due to strikes, labor disputes or other disruptions to the workforce, of these manufacturers; 

compliance with a wide variety of complex regulatory requirements; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

changes in a country s or region s political or economic conditions; 

greater difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations; and 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities. 

7 

Any problems that we may encounter with the delivery, quality or cost of
our products from our contract manufacturers or suppliers could cause us to lose net revenue, damage our customer relationships and harm
our reputation in the marketplace, each of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

From time to time, we may transition the manufacturing of certain products
from one contract manufacturer to another. When we do this, we may incur substantial expenses, risk material delays or encounter other
unexpected issues. 

The effect of COVID-19 and other possible pandemics
and similar outbreaks could result in material adverse effects on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

The COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic or similar outbreak has had,
and may continue to have, an adverse impact on the economy generally, our business and the businesses of our suppliers, and our results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in industry events, trade shows and business travel
being suspended, cancelled and/or significantly curtailed. While most industry events, trade shows and business travel have resumed, if
these activities are suspended, cancelled and/or significantly curtailed in the future, whether due to surges of COVID-19 or other possible
pandemics and similar outbreaks, our sales may continue to be negatively impacted in the future. 

In addition, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other possible pandemics
subject us to various risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition, including the following: 

significant volatility or decreases in the demand for our products or extended sales cycles; 

changes in customer behavior and preferences, as customers may experience financial difficulties and/or may delay orders or reduce their spending; 

adverse impacts on our ability to distribute or deliver our products or services, as well as temporary disruptions, restrictions or closures of the facilities of our suppliers or customers and their contract manufacturers; 

further disruptions in our contract manufacturers ability to manufacture our products, as some contract manufacturers and suppliers of materials used in the production of our products are located in areas more severely impacted by COVID-19, which has limited and could further limit our ability to obtain sufficient materials to produce and manufacture our products; and 

volatility in the availability of raw materials and components that our contract manufacturers purchase and volatility in raw material and other input costs. 

The duration and extent of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic s
effect on our operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted
at this time. The adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic or similar outbreak on our business, results of operations
and financial condition have been and could continue to be material. 

Certain of our products are sold into mature markets, which could
limit our ability to continue to generate revenue from these products. Our ability to sustain and grow our business depends on our ability
to develop, market, and sell new products. 

Certain of our products are sold into mature markets that are characterized
by a trend of declining demand. As the overall market for these products decreases due to the adoption of new technologies, we expect
that our revenues from these products will continue to decline. As a result, our future prospects will depend on our ability to develop
and successfully market new products that address new and growing markets. Our failure to develop new products or failure to achieve widespread
customer acceptance of any new products could cause us to lose market share and cause our revenues to decline. There can be no assurance
that we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, marketing and sale of new
products or product enhancements. Factors that could cause delays include regulatory and/or industry approvals, product design cycle and
failure to identify products or features that customers demand. In addition, the introduction and sale of new products often involves
a significant technical evaluation, and we often face delays because of our customers internal procedures for evaluating, approving
and deploying new technologies. For these and other reasons, the sales cycle associated with new products is typically lengthy, often
lasting six to 24 months and sometimes longer. Therefore, there can be no assurance that our introduction or announcement of new product
offerings will achieve any significant or sustainable degree of market acceptance or result in increased revenue in the near term. 

8 

Our software offerings are subject to risks that differ from those
facing our hardware products. 

We continue to dedicate significant engineering resources to our management
software platform, applications, and SaaS offerings, including ConsoleFlow . These product and service offerings are subject to
significant additional risks that are not necessarily related to our hardware products. Our ability to succeed with these offerings will
depend in large part on our ability to provide customers with software products and services that offer features and functionality that
address the specific needs of businesses. We may face challenges and delays in the development of this product line as the marketplace
for products and services evolves to meet the needs and desires of customers. We cannot provide assurances that we will be successful
in operating and growing this product line. 

In light of these risks and uncertainties, we may not be able to establish
or maintain market share for our software and SaaS offerings. As we develop new product lines, we must adapt to market conditions that
are unfamiliar to us, such as competitors and distribution channels that are different from those we have known in the past. We have and
will encounter competition from other solutions providers, many of whom may have more significant resources than us with which to compete.
There can be no assurance that we will recover our investments in this product line, that we will receive meaningful revenue from or realize
a profit from this new product line. 

We may experience significant fluctuation in our revenue because
the timing of large orders placed by some of our customers is often project-based. 

Our operating results fluctuate because we often receive large orders from
customers that coincide with the timing of the customer s project. Sales of our products and services may be delayed if customers
delay approval or commencement of projects due to budgetary constraints, internal acceptance review procedures, timing of budget cycles
or timing of competitive evaluation processes. In addition, sometimes our customers make significant one-time hardware purchases for projects
which are not repeated. We sell primarily on a purchase order basis rather than pursuant to long-term contracts, and we expect fluctuations
in our revenues as a result of one-time project-based purchases to continue in the future. In addition, our sales may be subject to significant
fluctuations based on the acceleration, delay or cancellation of customer projects, or our failure to complete one or a series of significant
potential sales. Because a significant portion of our operating expenses are fixed, even a single order can have a disproportionate effect
on our quarterly revenues and operating results. As a result of the factors discussed above, and due to the complexities of the industry
in which we operate, it is difficult for us to forecast demand for our current or future products with any degree of certainty, which
means it is difficult for us to forecast our sales. If our quarterly or annual operating results fall below the expectations of investors
or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. 

The lengthy sales cycle for our products and services, along with
delays in customer completion of projects, make the timing of our revenues difficult to predict. 

We have a lengthy sales cycle for many of our products that generally extends
between six and 24 months and sometimes longer due to a lengthy customer evaluation and approval process. The length of this process can
be affected by factors over which we have little or no control, including the customer s budgetary constraints, timing of the customer s
budget cycles, and concerns by the customer about the introduction of new products by us or by our competitors. As a result, sales cycles
for customer orders vary substantially among different customers. The lengthy sales cycle is one of the factors that has caused, and may
continue to cause, our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. In addition, we may incur substantial
expenses and devote significant management effort and expense to develop potential relationships that do not result in agreements or revenues,
which may prevent us from pursuing other opportunities. Accordingly, excessive delays in sales could be material and adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

9 

The nature of our products, customer base and sales channels causes
us to lack visibility into future demand for our products, which makes it difficult for us to forecast our manufacturing and inventory
requirements. 

We use forecasts based on anticipated product orders to manage our manufacturing
and inventory levels and other aspects of our business. However, several factors contribute to a lack of visibility with respect to future
orders, including: 

the lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle for our products that can extend from six to 24 months or longer; 

the project-driven nature of many of our customers requirements; 

we primarily sell our products indirectly through distributors; 

the uncertainty of the extent and timing of market acceptance of our new products; 

the need to obtain industry certifications or regulatory approval for our products; 

the lack of long-term contracts with our customers; 

the diversity of our product lines and geographic scope of our product distribution; 

we have some customers who make single, non-recurring purchases; and 

a large number of our customers typically purchase in small quantities. 

This lack of visibility impacts our ability to forecast our inventory requirements.
If we overestimate our customers future requirements for products, we may have excess inventory, which would increase our costs
and potentially require us to write-off inventory that becomes obsolete. Additionally, if we underestimate our customers future
requirements, we may have inadequate inventory, which could interrupt and delay delivery of our products to our customers, harm our reputation,
and cause our revenues to decline. If any of these events occur, they could prevent us from achieving or sustaining profitability and
the value of our common stock may decline. 

Delays in qualifying revisions of existing products for certain of
our customers could result in the delay or loss of sales to those customers, which could negatively impact our business and financial
results. 

Our industry is characterized by intense competition, rapidly evolving
technology and continually changing customer preferences and requirements. As a result, we frequently develop and introduce new versions
of our existing products, which we refer to as revisions. 

Prior to purchasing our products, some of our customers require that products
undergo a qualification process, which may involve testing of the products in the customer s system. A subsequent revision to a
product s hardware or firmware, changes in the manufacturing process or our selection of a new supplier may require a new qualification
process, which may result in delays in sales to customers, loss of sales, or us holding excess or obsolete inventory. 

After products are qualified, it can take additional time before the customer
commences volume production of components or devices that incorporate our products. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying any
new or revised products with a customer, that failure or delay would preclude or delay sales of these products to the customer, and could
negatively impact our financial results. In addition, new revisions to our products could cause our customers to alter the timing of their
purchases, by either accelerating or delaying purchases, which could result in fluctuations of our net revenue from quarter to quarter. 

10 

We depend upon a relatively small number of
distributor and end-user customers for a large portion of our revenue, and a decline in sales to these major customers would materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Historically, we have relied upon a small number of distributors and end-user
customers for a significant portion of our net revenue. Additionally, we expect an increased customer concentration from end-users in
the near future based on existing customer supply agreements and order backlog. Our customer concentration could fluctuate, depending
on future customer requirements, which will depend on market conditions in the industry segments in which our customers participate. The
loss of one or more significant customers or a decline in sales to our significant customers could result in a material loss of sales
and possible increase in excess inventories which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We depend on distributors for a majority of our sales and to complete
order fulfillment. 

We depend on the resale of products through distributor accounts for a
substantial majority of our worldwide net revenue. In addition, sales through our top five distributors accounted for approximately 35 
of our net revenue in fiscal 2023. A significant reduction of effort by one or more distributors to sell our products or a material change
in our relationship with one or more distributors may reduce our access to certain end customers and adversely affect our ability to sell
our products. Furthermore, if a key distributor materially defaults on a contract or otherwise fails to perform, our business and financial
results would suffer. 

In addition, the financial health of our distributors and our continuing
relationships with them are important to our success. Our business could be harmed if the financial health of these distributors impairs
their performance and we are unable to secure alternate distributors. 

Our ability to sustain and grow our business depends in part on the
success of our distributors and resellers. 

A substantial part of our revenues is generated through sales by distributors
and resellers. To the extent they are unsuccessful in selling our products, or if we are unable to obtain and retain a sufficient number
of high-quality distributors and resellers, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, our distributors
and resellers may devote more resources to marketing, selling and supporting products and services that are competitive with ours, than
to our products. They also may have incentives to promote our competitors' products over our products, particularly for our competitors
with larger volumes of orders, more diverse product offerings and a longer relationship with our distributors and resellers. In these
cases, one or more of our important distributors or resellers may stop selling our products completely or may significantly decrease the
volume of products they sell on our behalf. This sales structure also could subject us to lawsuits, potential liability and reputational
harm if, for example, any of our distributors or resellers misrepresents the functionality of our products or services to customers, violates
laws or our corporate policies. If we fail to effectively manage our existing or future distributors and resellers effectively, our business
and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Changes to the average selling prices of our products could affect
our net revenue and gross margins and adversely affect results of operations. 

In the past, we have experienced reductions in the average selling prices
and gross margins of our products. We expect competition to continue to increase, and we anticipate this could result in additional downward
pressure on our pricing. Our average selling prices for our products might also decline as a result of other reasons, including promotional
programs introduced by us or our competitors and customers who negotiate price concessions. To the extent we are able to increase prices,
we may experience a decline in sales volumes if customers decide to purchase competitive products. If any of these were to occur, our
gross margins could decline and we might not be able to reduce the cost to manufacture our products enough or at all to keep up with the
decline in prices. 

If we are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner, it could
become obsolete, which could require us to write-down or write off obsolete inventory, which could harm our operating results. 

At any time, competitive products may be introduced with more attractive
features or at lower prices than ours. If this occurs, and for other reasons, we may not be able to accurately forecast demand for our
products and our inventory levels may increase. There is a risk that we may be unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner to avoid
it becoming obsolete. If we are required to substantially discount our inventory or are unable to sell our inventory in a timely manner,
we would be required to increase our inventory reserves or write off obsolete inventory and our operating results could be substantially
harmed. 

11 

Our failure to compete successfully in our highly competitive market
could result in reduced prices and loss of market share. 

The market in which we operate is intensely competitive, subject to rapid
technological advances and highly sensitive to evolving industry standards. The market can also be affected significantly by new product
and technology introductions and marketing and pricing activities of industry participants. Our products compete directly with products
produced by a number of our competitors. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial and human resources
for marketing and product development, more experience conducting research and development activities, greater experience obtaining regulatory
approval for new products, larger distribution and customer networks, more established relationships with contract manufacturers and suppliers,
and more established reputations and name recognition. For these and other reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against
our current or potential future competitors. In addition, the amount of competition we face in the marketplace may change and grow as
the market for IoT and M2M networking solutions grows and new companies enter the marketplace. Present and future competitors may be able
to identify new markets, adapt new technologies, develop and commercialize products more quickly and gain market acceptance of products
with greater success. As a result of these competitive factors, we may fail to meet our business objectives and our business, financial
condition and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

Acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or investments
may impair our capital and equity resources, divert our management s attention or otherwise negatively impact our operating results. 

We may pursue acquisitions, strategic partnerships and joint ventures that
we believe would allow us to complement our growth strategy, increase market share in our current markets and expand into adjacent markets,
broaden our technology and intellectual property and strengthen our relationships with distributors, OEMs and ODMs. For instance, we acquired
Maestro, Intrinsyc, the Transition Networks and Net2Edge businesses of CSI, and Uplogix in 2019, 2020, 2021 and 2022 respectively. Our
previous acquisitions have required, and any future acquisition, partnership, joint venture or investment may also require, that we pay
significant cash, issue equity and/or incur substantial debt. Acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures may also result in the loss
of key personnel and the dilution of existing stockholders to the extent we are required to issue equity securities. In addition, acquisitions,
partnerships or joint ventures require significant managerial attention, which may be diverted from our other operations. These capital,
equity and managerial commitments may impair the operation of our business. Furthermore, acquired businesses may not be effectively integrated,
may be unable to maintain key pre-acquisition business relationships, may not result in expected synergies, an increase in revenues or
earnings or the delivery of new products, may contribute to increased fixed costs, and may expose us to unanticipated liabilities. If
any of these occur, we may fail to meet our business objectives and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially
and adversely affected. 

We may experience difficulties associated with utilizing third-party
logistics providers. 

A majority of our physical inventory management process, as well as the
shipping and receiving of our inventory, is performed by third-party logistics providers in Los Angeles, California and Hong Kong. There
is a possibility that these third-party logistics providers will not perform as expected and we could experience delays in our ability
to ship, receive, and process the related data in a timely manner. This could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations,
cash flows and the market price of our common stock. 

Relying on third-party logistics providers could increase the risk of the
following: failing to receive accurate and timely inventory data, theft or poor physical security of our inventory, inventory damage,
ineffective internal controls over inventory processes or other similar business risks out of our immediate control. 

12 

Risks Related to Technology, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property 

Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our
information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive
data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners,
and personally identifiable information of our employees, on our networks and third-party cloud software providers. Increased global information
technology IT security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems
and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. There have been several recent, highly publicized cases
in which organizations of various types and sizes have reported the unauthorized disclosure of customer or other confidential information,
as well as cyberattacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information, intellectual property, cash or other
valuable assets. There have also been several highly publicized cases in which hackers have requested ransom payments in
exchange for not disclosing customer or other confidential information or for not disabling the target company s computer or other
systems. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of the information that we collect and store on our systems is critical to
our operations and implementing security measures designed to prevent, detect, mitigate or correct these or other IT security threats
involves significant costs. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems, we have, from time to time,
experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware, phishing and computer virus attacks, and it is possible that in the future
our safety and security measures will not prevent the systems improper functioning or damage, or the improper access or disclosure
of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. In addition, due to the fast pace and unpredictability of
cyber threats, long-term implementation plans designed to address cybersecurity risks become obsolete quickly and, in some cases, it may
be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such incidents and the damage they cause. Any unauthorized access, disclosure or other
loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence
in our products and services, which could adversely affect our business. 

If our products become subject to cybersecurity breaches, or if public
perception is that they are vulnerable to cyberattacks, our reputation and business could suffer. 

We could be subject to liability or our reputation could be harmed if technologies
integrated into our products, or our products, fail to prevent cyberattacks, or if our partners or customers fail to safeguard the systems
with security policies that conform to industry best practices. In addition, any cyberattack or security breach that affects a competitor s
products could lead to the negative perception that our solutions are or could be subject to similar attacks or breaches. 

Some of our software offerings may be subject to various cybersecurity
risks, which are particularly acute in the cloud-based technologies operated by us and other third parties that form a part of our solutions.

In connection with certain implementations of our management software platform,
application, and SaaS offering, ConsoleFlow, we expect to store, convey and process data produced by devices. This data may include confidential
or proprietary information, intellectual property or personally identifiable information of our customers or other third parties with
whom they do business. It is important for us to maintain solutions and related infrastructure that are perceived by our customers and
other parties with whom we do business to provide a reasonable level of reliability and security. Despite available security measures
and other precautions, the infrastructure and transmission methods used by our products and services may be vulnerable to interception,
attack or other disruptive problems. 

If a cyberattack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized
access to or modification of our customers data or our own data, whether due to a failure with our systems or related systems operated
by third parties, we could suffer damage to our brand and reputation. The costs we would incur to address and fix these incidents could
significantly increase our expenses. These types of security incidents could also lead to lawsuits, regulatory investigations and increased
legal liability, including in some cases contractual costs related to customer notification and fraud monitoring. Further, as regulatory
focus on privacy and data security issues continues to increase and worldwide laws and regulations concerning the protection of information
become more complex, the potential risks and costs of compliance to our business will intensify. 

13 

If software that we incorporate into our products were to become
unavailable or no longer available on commercially reasonable terms, it could adversely affect sales of our products, which could disrupt
our business and harm our financial results. 

Certain of our products contain software developed and maintained by third-party
software vendors or which are available through the open source software community. We also expect that we may incorporate
software from third-party vendors and open source software in our future products. Our business would be disrupted if this software, or
functional equivalents of this software, were either no longer available to us or no longer offered to us on commercially reasonable terms.
In either case, we would be required to either redesign our products to function with alternate third-party software or open source software,
or develop these components ourselves, which would result in increased costs and could result in delays in our product shipments. Furthermore,
we might be forced to limit the features available in our current or future product offerings. 

Our products may contain undetected software or hardware errors or
defects that could lead to an increase in our costs, reduce our net revenue or damage our reputation. 

We currently offer warranties ranging from one to five years on each of
our products. Our products could contain undetected software or hardware errors or defects. If there is a product failure, we might have
to replace all affected products, or we might have to refund the purchase price for the units. Regardless of the amount of testing we
undertake, some errors might be discovered only after a product has been installed and used by customers. Any errors discovered after
commercial release could result in financial losses and claims against us. Significant product warranty claims against us could harm our
business, reputation and financial results and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We may not be able to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual
property rights, which could harm our competitive position or require us to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights. 

We rely primarily on a combination of laws, such as patent, copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws, and contractual restrictions, such as confidentiality agreements and licenses, to establish and protect
our proprietary rights. Despite any precautions that we have taken: 

laws and contractual restrictions might not be sufficient to prevent misappropriation of our technology or deter others from developing similar technologies; 

other companies might claim intellectual property rights based upon prior use that negatively impacts our ability to enforce our trademarks and patents; and 

policing unauthorized use of our patented technology and trademarks is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and we might be unable to determine the extent of this unauthorized use. 

Also, the laws of some of the countries in which we market and manufacture
our products offer little or no effective protection of our proprietary technology. Reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other
misappropriation of our proprietary technology could enable third parties to benefit from our technology without paying us for it. Consequently,
we may be unable to prevent our proprietary technology from being exploited by others in the U.S. or abroad, which could require costly
efforts to protect our technology. Policing the unauthorized use of our technology, trademarks and other proprietary rights is expensive,
difficult and, in some cases, impracticable. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property
rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could
result in substantial costs and diversion of management resources, either of which could harm our business. Accordingly, despite our efforts,
we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property, which may harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

14 

The impact of natural disasters and other business interruptions
could negatively impact our supply chain and customers resulting in an adverse impact to our revenues and profitability. 

Certain of our components and other materials used in producing our products
are from regions susceptible to natural disasters. A natural disaster could damage equipment and inventory at our suppliers facilities,
adversely affecting our supply chain. If we are unable to obtain these materials, we could experience a disruption to our supply chain
that would hinder our ability to produce our products in a timely manner, or cause us to seek other sources of supply, which may be more
costly or which we may not be able to procure on a timely basis. In addition, our customers may not follow their normal purchasing patterns
or temporarily cease purchasing from us due to impacts to their businesses in the region, creating unexpected fluctuations or decreases
in our revenues and profitability. Natural disasters in other parts of the world on which our operations are reliant also could have material
adverse impacts on our business. 

In addition, our operations and those of our suppliers are vulnerable to
interruption by fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, cybersecurity breaches, IT systems failure, terrorist attacks
and other events beyond our control, including the effects of climate change. A substantial portion of our facilities, including our corporate
headquarters and other critical business operations, are located near major earthquake faults and, therefore, may be more susceptible
to damage if an earthquake occurs. We do not carry earthquake insurance for direct earthquake-related losses. If a business interruption
occurs, whether due to a natural disaster or otherwise, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 

Risk Related to Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We maintain cash deposits in excess of federally insured limits.
Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, including bank failures, could adversely affect our liquidity and financial performance. 

We regularly maintain domestic cash deposits in the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation FDIC insured banks, which exceed the FDIC insurance limits. Bank failures, events involving limited liquidity,
defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, or concerns or rumors about such events, may
lead to widespread demands for customer withdrawals and liquidity constraints that may result in market-wide liquidity problems. For example,
on March 10, 2023, SVB failed and was taken into receivership by the FDIC. At that time, we maintained deposits amounting to approximately
85 of our total cash at SVB. On March 12, 2023, federal regulators announced that the FDIC would complete its resolution of SVB in a
manner that fully protects all depositors, and on March 26, 2023, the assets, deposits and loans of SVB were acquired by First Citizens
Bank. While we were able to regain full access to our deposits with SVB and have taken steps to diversify our banking relationships since
then, our Loan Agreement with SVB currently requires us to hold 50 of our company-wide cash balances at SVB, and consequently any future
failure of that bank could simultaneously prevent access to both a substantial portion of our cash holdings and to our credit line for
funds needed to meet our working capital requirements and other financial commitments. Our cash balances are concentrated at a small number
of financial institutions. In addition, current macroeconomic conditions have continued to cause turmoil in the banking sector since the
failure of SVB. For example, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank Corp. and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership,
and on May 1, 2023, the FDIC took control of First Republic Bank and brokered its sale to JPMorgan Chase. Further bank failures, or other
adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets impacting financial institutions at which we maintain balances, including disruptions
that may cause delays in our ability to transfer funds, make payments, or withdraw funds whether held with SVB or other banks, could adversely
impact our liquidity and financial performance. A failure to timely access our cash on deposit with SVB or other banks could require the
scaling back of our operations and production, negatively affect our credit, and prevent us from fulfilling contractual obligations. Moreover,
there can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC or other comparable insurance limits will be backstopped by the U.S.
or any applicable foreign government in the future or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to
obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government institutions or by acquisition in the event of a future failure or liquidity crisis,
and such uninsured deposits may ultimately be lost. In addition, if any of the parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access
funds due to the status of their financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new
commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. 

15 

We have a history of losses. 

We have historically incurred net losses. There can be no assurance that
we will generate net profits in future periods. Further, there can be no assurance that we will be cash flow positive in future periods. In
the event that we fail to achieve profitability in future periods, the value of our common stock may decline. In addition, if we
are unable to achieve or maintain positive cash flows, we would be required to seek additional funding, which may not be available on
favorable terms, if at all. 

We may need additional capital and it may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. 

To remain competitive, we must continue to make significant investments
to operate our business and develop our products. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the timing and
amount of our net revenue, research and development expenditures, expenses associated with any strategic partnerships or acquisitions
and infrastructure investments, and expenses related to litigation, each of which could negatively affect our ability to generate additional
cash from operations. If cash generated from operations is insufficient to satisfy our working capital requirements, we may need to raise
additional capital. Looking ahead at long-term needs, we may need to raise additional funds for a number of purposes, including, but not
limited to: 

to fund working capital requirements; 

to update, enhance or expand the range of products we offer; 

to refinance existing indebtedness; 

to increase our sales and marketing activities; 

to respond to competitive pressures or perceived opportunities, such as investment, acquisition and international expansion activities; or 

to acquire additional businesses 

We may seek additional capital from public or private offerings of our
capital stock, borrowings under our existing or future credit lines or other sources. If we issue equity or debt securities to raise additional
funds, our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity or debt securities may have rights, preferences and privileges
senior to those of our existing stockholders. In addition, if we raise additional funds through collaborations, licensing, joint ventures,
or other similar arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish valuable rights to our potential future products or proprietary technologies,
or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any needed capital on
terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to secure additional financing in sufficient amounts or on favorable terms, we may
not be able to develop or enhance our products, take advantage of future opportunities, respond to competition or continue to operate
our business. 

The terms of our Senior Credit Facilities may restrict our financial
and operational flexibility and, in certain cases, our ability to operate. 

The terms of our Senior Credit Facilities restrict, among other things,
our ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, dispose of assets, make investments, make certain restricted payments, merge or consolidate
and enter into certain speculative hedging arrangements. Further, we are currently and may in the future be required to maintain specified
financial ratios, including pursuant to a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio or a minimum liquidity test. Our
ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will
meet those tests. Pursuant to our amended credit agreement and the related loan and security agreement, we have pledged substantially
all of our assets to our senior lender, SVB. In addition, the Loan Agreement with SVB currently requires us to hold 50 of our company-wide
cash balances at SVB, which may limit our ability to manage our cash holdings effectively and could put a substantial portion of those
holdings at risk in the event of a bank failure. 

16 

Risks Related to International Operations 

Rising concern regarding international tariffs could materially and
adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

The current political landscape has introduced significant uncertainty
with respect to future trade regulations and existing international trade agreements, as shown by the U.S.-initiated renegotiation of
the North America Free Trade Agreement, Brexit in Europe, and the current war between Ukraine and Russia. This uncertainty includes the
possibility of imposing tariffs or penalties on products manufactured outside the U.S., including the U.S. government s institution
of a 25 tariff on a range of products from China and subsequent tariffs imposed by the U.S. as well as tariffs imposed by trading partners
on U.S. goods, the potential for increased trade barriers between the U.K. and the European Union, and export controls or other retaliatory
actions against, or restrictions on doing business with Russia, as well as any resulting disruption, instability or volatility in the
global markets and industries resulting from such conflict. The institution of trade tariffs both globally and between the U.S. and China
specifically, carries the risk of negatively affecting the overall economic conditions of both China and the U.S., which could have a
negative impact on us. 

We cannot predict whether, and to what extent, there may be changes to
international trade agreements or whether quotas, duties, tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions on our products will be changed
or imposed. If we are unable to source our products from the countries where we wish to purchase them, either because of regulatory changes
or for any other reason, or if the cost of doing so increases, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. Furthermore, imposition of tariffs may result in local sourcing initiatives, or other developments that make
it more difficult to sell our products in foreign countries, which would negatively impact our business and operating results. 

We face risks associated with our international operations that could
impair our ability to grow our revenues abroad as well as our overall financial condition. 

We believe that our future growth is dependent in part upon our ability
to increase sales in international markets. These sales are subject to a variety of risks, including geopolitical events, fluctuations
in currency exchange rates, tariffs, import restrictions and other trade barriers, unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, longer
accounts receivable payment cycles, potentially adverse tax consequences, and export license requirements. In addition, we are subject
to the risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including political and economic instability and unexpected changes in diplomatic
and trade relationships. In many markets where we operate, business and cultural norms are different than those in the U.S., and practices
that may violate laws and regulations applicable to us such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA unfortunately
are more commonplace. Although we have implemented policies and procedures with the intention of ensuring compliance with these laws and
regulations, our employees, contractors and agents, as well as distributors and resellers involved in our international sales, may take
actions in violation of our policies. Many of our vendors and strategic business allies also have international operations and are subject
to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely
affected if one or more of our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks. There can be no assurance that one or
more of these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business strategy and financial condition. 

Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results. 

We are exposed to market risk primarily related to foreign currencies and
interest rates. In particular, we are exposed to changes in the value of the U.S. dollar versus the local currency in which our products
are sold and our services are purchased, including devaluation and revaluation of local currencies. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign
currency rates could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. 

17 

Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance and Legal Matters 

Our inability to obtain appropriate industry certifications or approvals
from governmental regulatory bodies could impede our ability to grow revenues in our wireless products. 

The sale of our wireless products in some geographical markets is
sometimes dependent on the ability to gain certifications and/or approvals by relevant governmental bodies. In addition, many of our products
are certified as meeting various industry quality and/or compatibility standards. Failure to obtain these certifications or approvals,
or delays in receiving any needed certifications or approvals, could impact our ability to compete effectively or at all in these markets
and could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 

Our failure to comply effectively with regulatory laws pertaining
to our foreign operations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

We are required to comply with U.S. government export regulations in the
sale of our products to foreign customers, including requirements to properly classify and screen our products against a denied parties
list prior to shipment. We are also required to comply with the provisions of the FCPA and all other anti-corruption laws, such as the
U.K. Anti-Bribery Act, of all other countries in which we do business, directly or indirectly, including compliance with the anti-bribery
prohibitions and the accounting and recordkeeping requirements of these laws. Violations of the FCPA or other similar laws could trigger
sanctions, including ineligibility for U.S. government insurance and financing, as well as large fines. Failure to comply with the aforementioned
regulations could also affect our decision to sell our products in international jurisdictions, which could have a material adverse effect
on our revenues and profitability. 

Our failure to comply effectively with the requirements of applicable
environmental legislation and regulation could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. 

Certain states and countries have passed regulations relating to chemical
substances in electronic products and requiring electronic products to use environmentally friendly components. For example, the European
Union has the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive, the Restrictions of Hazardous Substances Directive, and the Regulation
on Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals. In the future, China and other countries including the U.S. are
expected to adopt further environmental compliance programs. In order to comply with these regulations, we may need to redesign our products
to use different components, which may be more expensive, if they are available at all. If we fail to comply with these regulations, we
may not be able to sell our products in jurisdictions where these regulations apply, which could have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and profitability. 

Increasing attention on environmental, social and governance matters
may have a negative impact on our business, impose additional costs on us, and expose us to additional risks. 

Increasingly regulators (including the SEC),
customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental, social and governance ESG matters.
While we have, or are developing, certain ESG initiatives, there can be no assurance that regulators, customers, investors, and employees
will determine that these programs are sufficiently robust. Actual or perceived shortcomings with respect to our ESG initiatives and reporting
can impact our ability to hire and retain employees, increase our customer base, or attract and retain certain types of investors. In
addition, these parties are increasingly focused on specific disclosures and frameworks related to ESG matters. Collecting, measuring,
and reporting ESG information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming, is subject to evolving reporting standards, and
can present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material impact on us, including
on our reputation and stock price. Inadequate processes to collect and review this information prior to disclosure could subject us to
potential liability related to such information. 

18 

Current or future litigation could adversely affect us. 

We are subject to a wide range of claims and lawsuits in the course of
our business. Any lawsuit may involve complex questions of fact and law and may require the expenditure of significant funds and the diversion
of other resources. The results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and adverse outcomes are possible. 

In particular, litigation regarding intellectual property rights occurs
frequently in our industry. The results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and adverse outcomes are possible. Adverse outcomes may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

There is a risk that other third parties could claim that our products,
or our customers products, infringe on their intellectual property rights or that we have misappropriated their intellectual property.
In addition, software, business processes and other property rights in our industry might be increasingly subject to third-party infringement
claims as the number of competitors grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. Other parties might
currently have, or might eventually be issued, patents that pertain to the proprietary rights we use. Any of these third parties might
make a claim of infringement against us. The results of litigation are inherently uncertain, and adverse outcomes are possible. 

Responding to any infringement claim, regardless of its validity, could: 

be time-consuming, costly and/or result in litigation; 

divert management s time and attention from developing our business; 

require us to pay monetary damages, including treble damages if we are held to have willfully infringed; 

require us to enter into royalty and licensing agreements that we would not normally find acceptable; 

require us to stop selling or to redesign certain of our products; or 

require us to satisfy indemnification obligations to our customers. 

If any of these occur, our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

General Risk Factors 

Rising interest rates may negatively impact our results of operations
and financing costs. 

Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our
control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies. In an effort to combat inflation,
a number of central banks around the world, including the U.S., have raised interest rates and are expected to keep increasing interest
rates. Increased interest rates may hinder the economic growth in markets where we do business, and has and may continue to have negative
impacts on the global economy. Rising interest rates may lead customers to decrease or delay spending on products and projects, including
on products that we sell, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In
addition, higher interest rates impact the amount of interest we pay for our debt obligations and leases and continue and sustained increases
in interest rates could negatively impact our financing costs or cash flow. 

19 

Risks generally associated with a company-wide implementation of
an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system may adversely affect our business and results of operations or the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting. 

In October 2022 we implemented a company-wide ERP system to
upgrade certain existing business, operational, and financial processes, and continue to refine the system on an ongoing basis. Our
ERP implementation is a complex and time-consuming project. This project has required and may continue to require investment of
capital and human resources, the re-engineering of processes of our business, and the attention of many employees who would
otherwise be focused on other aspects of our business. Any deficiencies in the design and implementation of the new ERP
system could result in higher costs than we had anticipated and could adversely affect our ability to develop and launch
solutions, provide services, fulfill contractual obligations, file reports with the SEC in a timely manner, operate our business or
otherwise affect our controls environment. Any of these consequences could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition. In addition, because the ERP is a new system that we have limited prior experience with, there is an increased
risk that one or more of our financial controls may fail. Any failure to maintain internal control over financial reporting could
severely inhibit our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If we determine that
we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or
investigations by the Nasdaq Stock Market, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies,
could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 

We identified a material weakness in our internal
control related to ineffective information technology general controls which, if not remediated appropriately or timely, could result
in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price. 

Internal controls related to the operation of technology
systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As disclosed in Part II, Item 9A, during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2023, management identified a material weakness related to the design and implementation of information technology general
controls related to the Company s information systems that are relevant to the preparation of consolidated financial statements.
Specifically, we did not design and maintain user access controls to adequately restrict user access to the financial application and
data to appropriate Company personnel. As a result, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of June 30, 2023. We are implementing remedial measures and, while there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful, we
plan to remediate the material weakness prior to the end of fiscal 2024. These measures will result in additional technology and other
expenses. If we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial
reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare
financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations
requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements
and adversely impact our stock price. 

If we are unable to attract, retain or motivate key senior management
and technical personnel, it could seriously harm our business. 

Our financial performance depends substantially on the performance of our
executive officers and of key engineers, marketing and sales employees. We are particularly dependent upon our technical personnel, due
to the specialized technical nature of our business. If we were to lose the services of our executive officers or any of our key personnel
and were not able to find replacements in a timely manner, our business could be disrupted, other key personnel might decide to leave,
and we might incur increased operating expenses associated with finding and compensating replacements. 

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate, which could cause
the market price of our common stock to decline. 

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, significant
fluctuations in net revenue, expenses and operating results from quarter to quarter. We therefore believe that quarter to quarter comparisons
of our operating results are not a good indication of our future performance, and you should not rely on them to predict our future operating
or financial performance or the future performance of the market price of our common stock. A high percentage of our operating expenses
are relatively fixed and are based on our forecast of future revenue. If we were to experience an unexpected reduction in net revenue
in a quarter, we would likely be unable to adjust our short-term expenditures significantly. If this were to occur, our operating results
for that fiscal quarter would be harmed. In addition, if our operating results in future fiscal quarters were to fall below the expectations
of equity analysts and investors, the market price of our common stock would likely fall. 

20 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile based on a number
of factors, many of which are not under our control. 

The market price of our common stock has been highly volatile. The market
price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, many of which are out of our control,
including: 

adverse changes in domestic or global economic, market and other conditions; 

new products or services offered by our competitors; 

our completion of or failure to complete significant one-time sales of our products; 

actual or anticipated variations in quarterly operating results; 

changes in financial estimates by securities analysts; 

announcements of technological innovations; 

our announcement of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; 

conditions or trends in the industry; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

increased competition from industry consolidation; 

mergers and acquisitions; and 

sales of common stock by our stockholders or us or repurchases of common stock by us. 

In addition, the Nasdaq Capital Market often experiences price and volume
fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies listed on the
Nasdaq Capital Market. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

21 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

The following table presents details regarding our leased facilities: 

Locations 
 
 Primary Use 
 
 Approximate
Square Footage 

Irvine, California, U.S.A. 
 
 Corporate headquarters; sales and marketing, research and development, operations and administration 
 
 14,000 

Plymouth, Minnesota, U.S.A. 
 
 Operations and warehousing, engineering, sales and marketing 
 
 66,000 

Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada 
 
 Engineering 
 
 8,500 

Hyderabad, India 
 
 Engineering 
 
 18,000 

Illmenau, Germany 
 
 Engineering, sales and marketing 
 
 7,500 

Taiwan 
 
 Engineering, sales and marketing 
 
 5,500 

We believe our existing facilities are adequate to meet our needs. If additional
space is needed in the future, we believe that suitable space will be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

None. 

22 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 LTRX. The number of holders of record of our common stock as of August 31, 2023 was approximately 28. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We do
not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, and we intend to retain any future earnings for
use in the expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any future decision to declare or pay dividends will be made
by our board of directors in its sole discretion and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements
and other factors that our board of directors deems appropriate at the time of its decision. 

Issuer Repurchases 

We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2023. 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. This discussion
and analysis contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s current beliefs and assumptions, which statements
are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed in Risk Factors included in Part I, Item
1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 Report ). Please also see Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements at the beginning of this Report. 

Overview 

Lantronix, Inc. is a global Industrial and Enterprise internet of things IoT provider of solutions that target high growth applications in specific verticals such as Smart Grid, Intelligent Transportation,
Smart Cities, and AI Data Centers. Building on a long history of Networking and video processing competence, target applications include
Intelligent Substations infrastructure, Infotainment systems, and Video Surveillance, supplemented with a comprehensive Out of Band Management OOB products offering for Cloud and Edge Computing. 

We conduct our business globally and manage our sales teams by three geographic
regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific Japan APJ ). 

References to fiscal 2023 refer to the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023 and references to fiscal 2022 refer to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

23 

Products and Solutions 

To more closely align the categorization of our product lines with how
we position them in the marketplace, we have re-organized our products and solutions. We now organize our products and solutions into
three product lines: Embedded IoT Solutions, IoT System Solutions, and Software Services. Until this recent change, we had
organized our products and solutions into three different product lines: IoT, remote environment management REM and Other.
Going forward, we do not plan to disclose our net revenue by the old categorizations. Refer to Products and Solutions included
in Part I, Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for further discussion. 

Recent Developments 

TN Companies Acquisition 

On August 2, 2021 we acquired the Transition Networks and Net2Edge businesses
(the TN Companies from Communication Systems, Inc. CSI for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
 30,651,000, which included earnout payments of up to 7,000,000 depending on the achievement of certain revenue targets for the TN Companies.
The TN Companies provide us with complementary IoT connectivity products and capabilities, including switching, Power over Ethernet PoE and media conversion and adapter products. In connection with the closing of the acquisition, we entered into new loan agreements with
Silicon Valley Bank SVB which included (i) a new term loan of 17,500,000 with an available revolving credit facility
of up to 2,500,000 and (ii) a second term loan of 12,000,000. In January 2022, we repaid the 12,000,000 second term loan. 

Uplogix Acquisition 

On September 12, 2022 we acquired Uplogix, Inc. Uplogix for an aggregate purchase price of 8,000,000, subject to certain adjustments, plus an earnout up to an additional 4,000,000 depending
on the achievement of certain revenue targets of the business of Uplogix through September 30, 2023. Uplogix brings immediate scale to
our out-of-band remote management solutions, adding a complementary high-end product offering that includes high-margin maintenance and
licensing revenues. 

Refer to Note 3 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for additional discussions regarding these acquisitions. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included
in Part II, Item 8 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts
of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses during the reporting
period. We regularly evaluate our estimates and assumptions related to revenue recognition, sales returns and allowances, inventory valuation,
restructuring charges, valuation of deferred income taxes, valuation of goodwill and long-lived and intangible assets, share-based compensation,
litigation and other contingencies. We base our estimates and assumptions on historical experience and on various other factors that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of
assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates
and the actual results, our future results of operations will be affected. 

24 

We believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make
significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements: 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenue is recognized upon the transfer of control of promised products
or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services.
We apply the following five-step approach in determining the amount and timing of revenue to be recognized: (i) identifying the contract
with a customer, (ii) identifying the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determining the transaction price, (iv) allocating
the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (v) recognizing revenue when the performance obligation
is satisfied. 

A significant portion of our products are sold to distributors under
agreements which contain (i) limited rights to return unsold products and (ii) price adjustment provisions, both of which are accounted
for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. Establishing accruals for product returns and pricing
adjustments requires the use of judgment and estimates that impact the amount and timing of revenue recognition. When product revenue
is recognized, we establish an estimated allowance for future product returns based primarily on historical returns experience and other
known or anticipated returns. We also record reductions of revenue for pricing adjustments, such as competitive pricing programs and rebates,
in the same period that the related revenue is recognized, based primarily on approved pricing adjustments and our historical experience.
Actual product returns or pricing adjustments that differ from our estimates could result in increases or decreases to our net revenue. 

A portion of our revenues are derived from engineering and related consulting
service contracts with customers. These contracts generally include performance obligations in which control is transferred over time
because the customer either simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided or our performance on the contract creates or enhances
an asset that the customer controls. These contracts typically provide services on the following basis: 

Time Materials T M services consist of revenues from software modification, consulting implementation, training and integration services. These services are set forth separately in the contractual arrangements such that the total price of the customer arrangement is expected to vary depending on the actual time and materials incurred based on the customer s needs. 

Fixed Price arrangements to render specific consulting and software modification services which tend to be more complex. 

Performance obligations for T M contracts qualify for the Right
to Invoice practical expedient within the revenue guidance. Under this practical expedient, we may recognize revenue, over time,
in the amount to which we have a right to invoice. In addition, we are not required to estimate variable consideration upon inception
of the contract and reassess the estimate each reporting period. We determined that this method best represents the transfer of services
as, upon billing, we have a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer
of our performance completed to date. 

We recognize revenue on fixed price contracts, over time, using an input
method based on the proportion of our actual costs incurred (generally labor hours expended) to the total costs expected to complete the
contract performance obligation. We determined that this method best represents the transfer of services as the proportion closely depicts
the efforts or inputs completed towards the satisfaction of a fixed price contract performance obligation. 

From time to time, we may enter into contracts with customers that include
promises to transfer multiple performance obligations that may include sales of products, professional engineering services and other
product qualification or certification services. Determining whether the promises in these arrangements are considered distinct performance
obligations, that should be accounted for separately versus together, often requires judgment. We consider performance obligations to
be distinct when the customer can benefit from the promised good or service on its own or by combining it with other resources readily
available and when the promised good or service is separately identifiable from other promised goods or services in the contract. In these
arrangements, we allocate revenue on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine
the standalone selling price for each performance obligation. Additionally, estimating standalone selling prices for separate performance
obligations within a contract may require significant judgment and consideration of various factors including market conditions, items
contemplated during negotiation of customer arrangements and internally-developed pricing models. Changes to performance obligations that
we identify, or the estimated selling prices pertaining to a contract, could materially impact the amounts of earned and unearned revenue
that we record. 

25 

Inventory Valuation 

We value inventories at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis)
or net realizable value, whereby we make estimates regarding the market value of our inventories, including an assessment of excess and
obsolete inventories. We determine excess and obsolete inventories based on an estimate of the future sales demand for our products within
a specified time horizon, which is generally 12 months. In addition, specific reserve estimates are recorded to cover risks for end-of-life
products, inventory located at our contract manufacturers and warranty replacement stock. The estimates we use for demand are also used
for near-term capacity planning and inventory purchasing. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. A
significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory on hand. In addition, our industry is characterized
by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount
of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. Additionally, our estimates of future product demand and judgement to determine excess inventory
may prove to be inaccurate, in which case we may have understated or overstated the reduction to the total carrying value of our inventory
for excess and obsolete inventory. In the future, if our inventory is determined to be overvalued, we would be required to recognize such
costs in our cost of goods sold, resulting in a reduction in our gross margins, at the time of such determination. Although we make every
effort to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or technological
developments could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations. 

Restructuring Charges 

We recognize costs and related liabilities for restructuring activities
when they are incurred. Our restructuring charges are primarily comprised of employee separation costs, asset impairments and contract
exit costs. Employee separation costs include one-time termination benefits that are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value,
at the time of communication to employees, unless future service is required, in which case the costs are recognized ratably over the
future service period. Ongoing termination benefits are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the amount of such
benefits are probable and reasonably estimable. Contract exit costs include contract termination fees and right-of-use asset impairments
recognized on the date that we have vacated the premises or ceased use of the leased facilities. A liability for contract termination
fees is recognized in the period in which we terminate the contract. Restructuring accruals are based upon management estimates at
the time they are recorded and can change depending upon changes in facts and circumstances subsequent to the date the original liability
is recorded. If actual results differ, or if management determines revised estimates are necessary, we may record additional liabilities
or reverse a portion or existing liabilities. 

Valuation of Deferred Income Taxes 

We have recorded a valuation allowance to reduce our net deferred tax assets
to zero, primarily due to historical net operating losses NOLs and uncertainty of generating future taxable income. We
consider estimated future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation
allowance. If we determine that it is more likely than not that we will realize a deferred tax asset that currently has a valuation allowance,
we would be required to reverse the valuation allowance, which would be reflected as an income tax benefit in our consolidated statements
of operations at that time. 

Business Combinations 

We allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration of a business
acquisition to the tangible assets, liabilities, and intangible assets acquired, including in-process research and development IPR D ),
if applicable, based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these
identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. IPR D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with
an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. When an IPR D project is completed, the IPR D is reclassified as an
amortizable purchased intangible asset and amortized over the asset s estimated useful life. The valuation of acquired assets and
assumed liabilities requires significant judgment and estimates, especially with respect to intangible assets. The valuation of intangible
assets, in particular, requires that we use valuation techniques such as the income approach. The income approach includes the use of
a discounted cash flow model, which includes discounted cash flow scenarios and requires significant estimates such as future expected
revenue, expenses, capital expenditures and other costs, and discount rates. We estimate the fair value based upon assumptions we believe
to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from our estimates.
Estimates associated with the accounting for acquisitions may change as additional information becomes available regarding the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are recognized separately from the business
combination and are expensed as incurred. 

26 

Goodwill Impairment Testing 

We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in our fourth fiscal
quarter or more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our single
reporting unit below its carrying amount. 

We begin our evaluation of goodwill for impairment by assessing qualitative
factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying value.
Some factors that we consider important in the qualitative assessment which could trigger a goodwill impairment review include: 

significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 

significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business; 

significant negative industry or economic trends; 

a significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period; and 

a significant change in our market capitalization relative to our book value. 

Based on our qualitative assessment, if we conclude that it is more likely
than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we conduct a quantitative goodwill impairment
test, which involves comparing the estimated fair value of our single reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill. We estimate
the fair value of our single reporting unit using a combination of the income and market approach. If the carrying value of the reporting
unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we recognize an impairment loss for the difference. 

Significant management judgment is required in estimating the reporting
unit s fair value and in the creation of the forecasts of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow method
of valuation. These include (i) estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, (ii) estimation of the long-term
rate of growth of our business, (iii) estimation of the period during which cash flows will be generated and (iv) the determination of
our weighted-average cost of capital, which is a factor in determining the discount rate. Our estimate of the reporting unit s fair
value would also generally include the consideration of a control premium, which is the amount that a buyer is willing to pay over the
current market price of a company as indicated by the traded price per share (i.e., market capitalization) to acquire a controlling interest.
If our actual financial results are not consistent with our assumptions and judgments used in estimating the fair value of our reporting
unit, we may be exposed to goodwill impairment losses. 

During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we made a qualitative assessment
of whether goodwill impairment existed. Since our assessment of the qualitative factors did not result in a determination that it was
more likely than not that the fair value of our single reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we were not required to perform
the quantitative goodwill impairment test. 

Long-Lived Assets and Intangible Assets 

We assess the impairment of long-lived assets and intangible assets whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger
a review include, but are not limited to the following: 

significant decreases in the market price of the asset; 

significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; 

accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; 

current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; or 

current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life. 

27 

Whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that the carrying amount
of long-lived assets and intangible assets may not be recoverable, we estimate the future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset
from its use or eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of those assets, we
recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of the assets. Significant management judgment
is required in the forecasts of future operating results that are used in the discounted cash flow method of valuation. These significant
judgments may include future expected revenue, expenses, capital expenditures and other costs, discount rates and whether or not alternative
uses are available for impacted long-lived assets. 

Share-Based Compensation 

We record share-based compensation in our consolidated statements of operations
as an expense, based on the estimated grant date fair value of our share-based awards, with the fair values amortized to expense over
the requisite service period. Our share-based awards are currently comprised of restricted stock units, performance stock units, common
stock options, and common stock purchase rights granted under our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). 

The fair value of our restricted stock units is based on the closing market
price of our common stock on the date of grant. 

The fair value of our performance stock units is estimated as of the grant
date based upon the expected achievement of the performance metrics specified in the grant and the closing market price of our common
stock on the date of grant. To the extent a grant of performance share units contains a market condition, the grant date fair value is
estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation, which incorporates estimates of the potential outcomes of the market condition on the grant
date fair value of each award. 

The fair value of our common stock options and ESPP common stock purchase
rights is generally estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes-Merton BSM valuation model. The determination
of the fair value of share-based awards utilizing the BSM model is affected by our stock price and various assumptions, including the
expected term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate and expected dividend yields. The expected term of stock options granted is
based on our recent historical exercise data. The expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our stock price. The risk-free
interest rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury interest rates appropriate for the expected term of our stock options and common
stock purchase rights. 

If factors change and we employ different assumptions, share-based compensation
expense may differ significantly from what we have recorded in the past. If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying
unvested share-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel any remaining unearned share-based compensation expense.
If these events were to occur, it could increase or decrease our share-based compensation expense, which would impact our operating expenses
and gross margins. 

Results of Operations - Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Summary 

For fiscal 2023, our net revenue increased by 1,534,000, or 1.2 , compared
to fiscal 2022. The increase in net revenue was driven by a 3.0 increase in net revenue in our Embedded IoT Solutions product line, as
well as an increase of 13.5 in net revenues in our Software Services product line partially offset by a decrease of 2.6 in net
revenues in our IoT System Solutions product line. We had a net loss of 8,980,000 for fiscal 2023 compared to a net loss of 5,362,000
for fiscal 2022. The increase in net loss was driven primarily by increased headcount costs related to the Uplogix acquisition as both
selling, general and administrative and research and development expenses as a percent of net revenue were higher in fiscal 2023 than
fiscal 2022. Additionally, in fiscal 2022 we recorded a tax benefit resulting from a U.S. deferred tax liability in the TN Companies acquisition
purchase accounting related to non-tax-deductible intangible assets. 

28 

Net Revenue 

The following tables present our net revenue by product
lines and by geographic region: 

Years Ended June 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2023 
 Revenue 
 2022 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Embedded IoT Solutions 
 63,636 
 48.5 
 61,773 
 47.6 
 1,863 
 3.0 
 
 IoT System Solutions 
 57,496 
 43.8 
 59,019 
 45.5 
 (1,523 
 (2.6 
 
 Software Services 
 10,057 
 7.7 
 8,863 
 6.9 
 1,194 
 13.5 

131,189 
 100.0 
 129,655 
 100.0 
 1,534 
 1.2 

Years Ended June 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2023 
 Revenue 
 2022 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Americas 
 78,557 
 59.9 
 77,799 
 60.0 
 758 
 1.0 
 
 EMEA 
 23,286 
 17.7 
 22,542 
 17.4 
 744 
 3.3 
 
 APJ 
 29,346 
 22.4 
 29,314 
 22.6 
 32 
 0.1 

131,189 
 100.0 
 129,655 
 100.0 
 1,534 
 1.2 

Embedded IoT Solutions 

Net revenue increased in fiscal 2023 compared
to fiscal 2022 primarily due to organic growth in our compute modules in the APJ and EMEA regions as well as increased sales of our network
interface cards, primarily in the Americas region. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in revenues from our wireless communications
products and embedded ethernet connectivity products across all regions. 

IoT System Solutions 

Net revenue decreased primarily due a decrease
in our out of band OOB and converter and radio products, partially offset by increases in our gateway and network switch
products, all mostly within the Americas. 

Software Services 

Net revenue increased primarily due to an increase
in our extended warranty services in the Americas region, mostly as a result of the Uplogix acquisition. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit represents net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue
consists primarily of the cost of raw material components, subcontract labor assembly by contract manufacturers, freight costs, personnel-related
expenses, manufacturing overhead, inventory reserves for excess and obsolete products or raw materials, warranty costs, royalties and
share-based compensation. 

29 

The following table presents our gross profit: 

Years Ended June 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 

2023 
 Revenue 
 2022 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Gross profit 
 56,264 
 42.9 
 55,586 
 42.9 
 678 
 1.2 

Gross profit as a percentage of revenue gross margin in
fiscal 2023 remained consistent with fiscal 2022. As compared to the prior year period, in the current period we experienced increased
revenue from our high-margin extended warranty services, mostly from the Uplogix acquisition, as well as increased unit sales of some
of our NICs and optics products, which typically carry a higher margin than our other embedded solutions. This was offset by decreased
unit sales in our OOB products, which also typically carry a high margin, as well as lower margins on our engineering services revenue
during fiscal 2023. 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative expenses consisted of personnel-related
expenses including salaries and commissions, share-based compensation, facility expenses, information technology, advertising and marketing
expenses and professional legal and accounting fees. 

The following table presents our selling, general and administrative expenses: 

Years Ended June 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 
 Change 

2023 
 Revenue 
 2022 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Personnel-related expenses 
 19,453 
 
 19,368 
 
 85 
 0.4 
 
 Professional fees and outside services 
 6,064 
 
 5,833 
 
 231 
 4.0 
 
 Advertising and marketing 
 2,136 
 
 1,893 
 
 243 
 12.8 
 
 Facilities and insurance 
 2,538 
 
 1,476 
 
 1,062 
 72.0 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 4,546 
 
 4,862 
 
 (316 
 (6.5 
 
 Depreciation 
 1,022 
 
 288 
 
 734 
 254.9 
 
 Other 
 1,189 
 
 809 
 
 380 
 47.0 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 36,948 
 28.2 
 34,529 
 26.6 
 2,419 
 7.0 

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased in fiscal 2023 when
compared to fiscal 2022 primarily due to (i) increased personnel-related expenses in headcount added from the Uplogix acquisition, (ii)
higher accounting, audit and legal fees primarily related to compliance with Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (iii) higher facilities
and insurance expenses related to our new Minnesota warehouse location, (iv) higher advertising and marketing costs related to increased
trade show activity, (v) higher depreciation related to property and equipment for our new facilities in California and Minnesota and
(vi) higher bad debt expenses included in the Other category above. 

Research and Development 

Research and development expenses consisted of personnel-related expenses,
share-based compensation, and expenditures to third-party vendors for research and development activities and product certification costs.
Our costs from period-to-period related to outside services and product certifications vary depending on our level and timing of development
activities. 

30 

The following table presents our research and development expenses: 

Years Ended June 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 

2023 
 Revenue 
 2022 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Personnel-related expenses 
 12,535 
 
 11,408 
 
 1,127 
 9.9 
 
 Facilities 
 2,664 
 
 2,351 
 
 313 
 13.3 
 
 Outside services 
 773 
 
 1,158 
 
 (385 
 (33.2 
 
 Product certifications 
 1,067 
 
 817 
 
 250 
 30.6 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,504 
 
 1,015 
 
 489 
 48.2 
 
 Other 
 1,082 
 
 938 
 
 144 
 15.4 
 
 Research and development 
 19,625 
 15.0 
 17,687 
 13.6 
 1,938 
 11.0 

Research and development expenses increased in fiscal 2023 when compared
to fiscal 2022 primarily due to an increase in personnel-related costs driven by the acquisition of Uplogix and internal growth of our
engineering teams worldwide. We also experienced increased share-based compensation expenses from certain grants of performance stock
units. 

Restructuring, Severance and Related Charges 

During fiscal 2023 and 2022, we incurred charges
of approximately 693,000 and 795,000, respectively, primarily related to headcount reductions in connection with synergy capture and
the elimination of redundant roles from the acquisitions of Uplogix and the TN Companies. 

We may incur additional restructuring, severance
and related charges in future periods as we continue to identify cost savings and synergies related to our acquisitions and general business
operations. 

Acquisition-Related Costs 

During fiscal 2023 we incurred approximately 315,000 of costs primarily
in connection with the acquisition of Uplogix. These costs were mainly comprised of legal and other professional fees. 

In fiscal 2022 we incurred approximately 889,000 of acquisition-related
costs, mostly comprised of banking and legal fees related to the acquisition of the TN Companies and our exploration of other acquisition
targets. 

Amortization of Purchased Intangible Assets 

We acquired certain intangible assets through our recent acquisitions,
which we recorded at fair-value as of the acquisition dates. These assets are generally amortized on a straight-line basis over their
estimated useful lives and resulted in charges of 5,804,000 and 5,590,000 during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Interest Income (Expense), Net 

For fiscal 2023 and 2022, we incurred net interest expense from interest
incurred on borrowings on our Credit Facilities. We also earn interest on our domestic cash balances. 

31 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

For fiscal 2022, we recognized a non-cash loss on the extinguishment of
our mezzanine term loan facility of 764,000, representing the write-off of unamortized deferred financing costs. 

Other Expense, Net 

Other expense, net, is comprised primarily of foreign currency remeasurement
and transaction adjustments related to our foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is the U.S. dollar. 

Provision for Income Taxes 

The following table presents our provision for income taxes: 

Years Ended June 30, 

of Net 
 
 of Net 

2023 
 Revenue 
 2022 
 Revenue 

(In thousands, except percentages) 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 748 
 0.6 
 (1,832 
 (1.4 
 2,580 
 (140.8 

The following table presents our effective tax rate based upon our provision
for income taxes: 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 (9.1 
 25.5 

We utilize the liability method of accounting for income taxes. The differences
between our effective tax rate and the federal statutory rate in fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 were also impacted by the effect of our domestic
losses recorded without a tax benefit, as well as the effect of certain state and foreign earnings taxed at rates differing from the federal
statutory rate. 

In fiscal 2022 we recorded a tax benefit resulting from a U.S. deferred
tax liability in the TN Companies acquisition purchase accounting related to non-tax-deductible intangible assets recognized in our consolidated
financial statements. The acquired deferred tax liabilities are a source of income to support recognition of our existing deferred tax
assets. 

We record net deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets
are more likely than not to be realized. Aside from a net deferred tax liability of 146,000 that we recorded as of June 30, 2023, as
a result of our cumulative losses and uncertainty of generating future taxable income, we provided a full valuation allowance against
our net deferred tax assets at June 30, 2023 and 2022. Refer to Note 8 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included
in Part II, Item 8 of this Report, for additional information. 

32 

Due to the change of ownership provision of the Tax Reform
Act of 1986, utilization of our NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation against taxable
income in future periods. Due to the annual limitation, a portion of these carryforwards may expire before ultimately becoming available
to reduce future income tax liabilities. The following table presents our NOL carryforwards: 

June 30, 2023 

(In thousands) 
 
 Federal 
 43,320 
 
 State 
 22,589 

Our federal NOL carryforwards generated for tax years beginning before
July 1, 2018 began to expire in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Pursuant to the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the 2017 Act ),
we also have federal NOL carryforwards of 6,788,000 that will not expire but can only be used to offset 80 of future taxable income.
For state income tax purposes, our NOL carryforwards began to expire in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity 

The following table presents our working capital and cash and cash equivalents: 

June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 

(In thousands) 

Working capital 
 50,163 
 54,512 
 (4,349 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 13,452 
 17,221 
 (3,769 

In September 2022 we entered into an amendment to our Senior Credit Facilities
(as defined in Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report) which provide
for an additional term loan in the original principal amount of 5,000,000 that matures on August 2, 2025. We also borrowed 2,000,000
on our revolving credit facility, which we repaid in February of 2023. 

On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of
Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. On March
13, 2023, the FDIC announced that it had transferred all insured and uninsured deposits and substantially all assets of SVB to a newly
created, full-service FDIC-operated bridge bank called Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A., where depositors would have full
access to their money immediately. On March 27, 2023, First Citizens Bank announced that it had entered into an agreement with the FDIC
to purchase all of the assets and liabilities of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. We were informed by SVB that the Senior Credit Facilities
remain available on the same terms as set forth in the Loan Agreement (as defined in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report), notwithstanding the closure of SVB, however there can be no assurances that the closure of
SVB or any related impacts across the financial services industry will not adversely affect our ability to access any additional term
loans that may be available under the Loan Agreement. 

Our principal sources of cash and liquidity include our existing cash and
cash equivalents, borrowings and amounts available under the Senior Credit Facilities, and cash generated from operations. We believe
that our current cash holdings and net cash flows from operations are sufficient to satisfy our current obligations for the foreseeable
future, and, assuming continued access to the undrawn amounts available under our Senior Credit Facilities, these combined sources will
be sufficient to fund our material requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and other financial commitments for at least
the next 12 months and beyond. We continue to monitor the availability of potential alternate sources of credit based on market conditions
and our ongoing capital requirements. There can be no guarantee that we would be able to obtain any needed alternate financing on acceptable
terms, or at all, or that such a financing would not result in a default under the Loan Agreement. We anticipate that the primary factors
affecting our cash and liquidity are net revenue, working capital requirements and capital expenditures. 

33 

Beginning in Fiscal 2023, the 2017 Act requires that for tax purposes we
capitalize certain research and development expenses and amortize domestic expenses over five years and foreign expenses over 15 years.
We expect this requirement will increase our taxable income in certain state jurisdictions for which our ability to utilize NOL carryforwards
to offset income taxes will be limited. 

We define cash and cash equivalents as highly liquid deposits with original
maturities of 90 days or less when purchased. We maintain cash and cash equivalents balances at certain financial institutions in excess
of amounts insured by the FDIC. There can be no assurance that our deposits in excess of the FDIC limits will be backstopped by the U.S.,
or that any bank or financial institution with which we do business will be able to obtain needed liquidity from other banks, government
institutions or by acquisition in the event of a failure or liquidity crisis. 

As of the date of this Report, we have full access to and control of our
cash and cash equivalents balance at SVB and our other banking institutions. We continue to monitor the circumstances surrounding SVB
and the other third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents. Our emphasis is primarily on safety of principal
and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. In light of the status of SVB, we have considered and may consider in the future moving
our bank accounts and cash resources to other financial institutions, which could result in SVB declaring us to be in default under the
Loan Agreement. In April 2023, we entered into the Letter Agreement (as defined in Note 5 to Consolidated Financial Statements
included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report) with SVB, which, among other matters, amended the Loan Agreement to reduce the former requirement
to hold 85 of our company-wide cash balances at SVB to 50 and provided a waiver of any event of default under the Loan Agreement for
any failure to comply with this covenant prior to the date of the Letter Agreement. As of the date of this Report, we are in compliance
with all covenants of the Loan Agreement. 

Our future working capital requirements will depend on many factors, including
the following: timing and amount of our net revenue; our product mix and the resulting gross margins; research and development expenses;
selling, general and administrative expenses; and expenses associated with any strategic partnerships, acquisitions or infrastructure
investments. 

From time to time, we may seek additional capital from public or private
offerings of our capital stock, borrowings under our existing or future credit lines or other sources in order to (i) develop or enhance
our products, (ii) take advantage of strategic opportunities, (iii) respond to competition or (iv) continue to operate our business. We
currently have a Form S-3 shelf registration statement on file with the SEC. If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds,
our existing stockholders may experience dilution, and the new equity securities may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to
those of our existing stockholders. If we issue debt securities to raise additional funds, we may incur debt service obligations, become
subject to additional restrictions that limit or restrict our ability to operate our business, or be required to further encumber our
assets. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise any such capital on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

Bank Loan Agreements 

Refer to Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, included
in Part II, Item 8 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of our loan agreements. 

Cash Flows 

The following table presents the major components of the consolidated statements
of cash flows: 

Years Ended June 30, 
 (Decrease) 

2023 
 2022 
 Increase 

(In thousands) 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 237 
 (9,416 
 9,653 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (7,323 
 (25,747 
 (18,424 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 3,317 
 42,645 
 (39,328 

34 

Operating Activities 

Our operations provided cash during fiscal 2023 compared to using cash
in fiscal 2022. For fiscal 2023, our net loss included 13,644,000 of non-cash charges, and the changes in operating assets and liabilities
used cash of 4,427,000. 

Our net inventories increased by 12,057,000, or 32.0 , from June 30, 2022
to June 30, 2023. The increase was primarily related to the purchase of components for a supply arrangement that we entered into with
a customer in January 2023 for which we received a deposit of 15,500,000 from said customer to reimburse us for the cost of the component
purchases. In addition, we assumed 3,590,000 of net inventories in the Uplogix acquisition. 

Accounts payable decreased by 8,243,000, or 39.9 , from June 30, 2022
to June 30, 2023, which was slightly offset by the acquisition of 278,000 of accounts payable from the Uplogix acquisition. The reduction
is primarily due to the timing of our inventory purchases and related payments to our vendors during the current fiscal year. 

Other current liabilities increased by 20,336,000, or 239.9 , from June
30, 2022 to June 30, 2023. This was mostly driven by increases of approximately (i) 15,500,000 in deposits related to expected future
shipments under a customer contract, (ii) 1,524,000 in deferred revenue, mostly acquired in the Uplogix acquisition, and (iii) 1,271,000
in earnout consideration payable related to the Uplogix acquisition. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities during fiscal 2023 was driven by
the acquisition of Uplogix, which used net cash of 4,650,000. We also used 2,673,000 for the purchase of property and equipment, primarily
related to building out and furnishing our new lease facilities in California and Minnesota. 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2023 resulted primarily
from 7,000,000 in gross proceeds received from our credit facilities with SVB. The increase in cash was partially offset by principal
payments on the senior credit facility and repayment of the 2,000,000 balance on the revolving credit facility, as well as tax withholdings
paid on behalf of employees for restricted shares. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not required for a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

All financial statements required by this Item 8, including the report
of our independent registered public accounting firm, are included in Part IV, Item 15 of this Report, as set forth beginning on page
F-1 of this Report, and are incorporated by reference into this Item 8. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

35 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that this information is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter
how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive
Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023. Based
on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective as of June 30, 2023 due to the material weaknesses identified and described below. 

In light of the material weaknesses described below, management performed
additional analysis and other procedures to ensure that our interim and annual Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). Accordingly, management believes that the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this Report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows
as of and for the periods presented, in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f).
Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in
reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded properly to allow for the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that our receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisitions, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, a system
of internal control over financial reporting can provide only reasonable assurance and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Further,
because of changing conditions, effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting may vary over time. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based on the guidelines established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013
framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). We excluded Uplogix, Inc.
from our assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 because it was acquired in a business purchase acquisition
during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The total revenue excluded represented approximately 4 of our consolidated fiscal 2023 net
revenue. Based on its assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective
as of June 30, 2023 due to material weakness in our control environment whereby the Company did not maintain adequate information
technology IT general controls related to user access to the Company s information systems that are relevant to
the preparation of financial statements to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and to adequately restrict access to financial applications
and data. Notwithstanding that we did not identify any material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements and there were
no changes to previously released financial results as a result of the material weakness, the control deficiencies created a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
As a result, management believes that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective. 

36 

Baker Tilly US, LLP, the independent registered public accounting
firm that audited the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has provided an attestation report on Lantronix s
internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the material weaknesses described below, such report includes an adverse audit
report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. 

Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

In connection with the evaluation of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as described above, management has identified a deficiency constituting a material weakness
related to the design and implementation of information technology general controls related to the Company s information systems
that are relevant to the preparation of consolidated financial statements. Specifically, we did not design and maintain user access controls
to adequately restrict user access to the financial application and data to appropriate Company personnel. 

Notwithstanding we did not identify any material
misstatements to the consolidated financial statements and there were no changes to previously released financial results as a result
of this material weakness, the control deficiencies created a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the consolidated
financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Remediation Efforts to Address the Material
Weaknesses Existing in the Current Period 

Management has initiated a remediation plan
to enhance the design of information technology general controls related to user access by implementing controls over user access including
monitoring controls and enforcing proper segregation of duties within IT environments based on roles and responsibilities. The material
weakness will not be considered remediated until the controls have operated effectively, as evidenced through testing, for a sufficient
number of instances. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter
ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

On September 11, 2023, Heidi Nguyen and Paul Folino notified the Company
of their decision not to stand for re-election at the Company s 2023 annual meeting of stockholders (the Annual Meeting ).
Their decision was not as a result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies
or practices. The Company has selected Bernhard Bruscha as a nominee for election by stockholders at the Annual Meeting, and the size
of the board of directors has been reduced to five members, effective as of the Annual Meeting. 

ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

None. 

37 

PART III 

Portions of our definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A relating to
our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end
of the fiscal year covered by this Report, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Report, as indicated below. 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The names of our executive officers and their ages, titles and biographies
as of the date hereof are set forth in Item 1 in the section entitled Information About Our Executive Officers in Part I,
Item 1 of this Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to all
employees, including employees of our subsidiaries, as well as each member of our board of directors. The code of business conduct and
ethics is available at our website at www.lantronix.com under the Investor Relations-Corporate Governance section. We intend to satisfy
any disclosure requirement under applicable rules of the SEC or Nasdaq Stock Market regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision
of this code of business conduct and ethics by posting such information on our website, at the web address specified above. 

The other information required by this Item is incorporated by reference
to our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our
Proxy Statement. 

38 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1. Consolidated
Financial Statements 

The following consolidated financial statements and related Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm are filed as part of this Report. 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 23) 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 F-37 

2. Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Provided Herewith 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing 
 Date 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Lantronix, Inc., as amended 
 
 10-K 
 3.1 
 8/29/2013 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Lantronix, Inc. 
 
 8 K 
 3.2 
 11/15/2012 

4.1 
 Description of Lantronix Common Stock 
 
 10-K 
 4.1 
 9/11/2019 

10.1 
 Lantronix, Inc. 2010 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10 Q 
 10.2 
 11/08/2010 

10.2 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2010 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 10 Q 
 10.3 
 11/08/2010 

10.3 
 Lantronix, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended on November 14, 2017 
 
 8-K 
 99.1 
 11/15/2017 

10.4 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 4.3 
 5/09/2013 

10.5 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. Amended and Restated 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 S-8 
 4.4 
 5/09/2013 

39 

10.6 
 Lantronix,
 Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended and restated 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 11/09/2022 

10.7 
 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 10.7 
 8/27/2021 

10.8 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 10.8 
 8/27/2021 

10.9 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 10.9 
 8/27/2021 

10.10 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 10.10 
 8/27/2021 

10.11 
 Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 10.11 
 8/27/2021 

10.12 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan 
 
 10-K 
 10.12 
 8/27/2021 

10.13 + 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Lantronix, Inc. 2020 Performance Incentive Plan (2022 Grants) 
 
 10-K 
 10.13 
 8/29/2022 

10.14 
 Letter Agreement dated September 8, 2011 between Lantronix, Inc. and Jeremy Whitaker 
 
 8 K 
 10.1 
 9/26/2011 

10.15 
 Amendment to Offer Letter between Lantronix, Inc. and Jeremy Whitaker, dated as of November 13, 2012 
 
 8-K 
 99.2 
 11/15/2012 

10.16 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Lantronix, Inc. with its directors and certain of its executive officers 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 6/20/2016 

10.17 
 Summary of Lantronix, Inc. Annual Bonus Program 
 
 8-K 
 99.1 
 9/08/2015 

10.18 
 Form of Executive Officer Retention Letter Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 7/05/2023 

10.19 + 
 Change in Control Agreement between Lantronix, Inc. and Jeremy Whitaker, dated December 2, 2021 
 
 10-K 
 10.19 
 8/29/2022 

10.20 
 Lantronix, Inc. 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 11/9/2022 

10.21 
 Offer Letter dated March 23, 2019 between Lantronix, Inc. and Paul H. Pickle 
 
 8-K 
 99.1 
 3/27/2019 

10.22 
 Inducement Stock Option Agreement, dated April 22, 2019, between Lantronix, Inc. and Paul H. Pickle 
 
 S 8 
 4.1 
 4/26/2019 

40 

10.23 
 Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, effective as of May 1, 2019, between Lantronix, Inc. and Paul H. Pickle 
 
 S 8 
 4.2 
 4/26/2019 

10.24 
 Offer Letter dated January 4, 2020, between Lantronix, Inc. and Roger Holliday 
 
 10-K 
 10.22 
 9/11/2020 

10.25 
 Form of Inducement Stock Option Agreement 
 
 S-8 
 4.1 
 9/04/2020 

10.26 
 Form of Inducement Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 
 S-8 
 4.2 
 9/04/2020 

10.27 
 Intrinsyc Technologies Corporation Amended and Restated Incentive Stock Option Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 5/15/2020 

10.28 
 Intrinsyc Technologies Corporation Restricted Share Unit Plan 
 
 10-Q 
 10.2 
 5/15/2020 

10.29 
 Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank, dated August 2, 2021, by and between Lantronix, Inc., Lantronix Holding Company, Lantronix Canada ULC and Lantronix Technologies Canada (Taiwan) Ltd. and Transition Networks, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 8/02/2021 

10.30 
 Mezzanine Loan and Security Agreement, dated August 2, 2021, by and between Lantronix, Inc. and SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 8/02/2021 

10.31 
 2020 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy 
 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 11/12/2021 

10.32 + 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as revised August 8, 2022 to be effective November 8, 2022 
 
 10-K 
 10.32 
 8/29/2022 

10.33 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to SVB Innovation Credit Fund VIII, L.P. 
 
 10-Q 
 10.2 
 11/12/2021 

10.34+ 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock issued to Innovation Credit Fund VIII-A, L.P. 
 
 10-K 
 10.34 
 8/29/2022 

10.35 
 Lease dated November 5, 2021 between Lantronix, Inc. and Discovery Business Center LLC 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 11/8/2021 

10.36 
 Lease dated January 20, 2022 between Lantronix, Inc. and Jet 55 Property Owner LLC 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 1/26/2022 

10.37 
 First Amendment to Third and Restated Loan Security Agreement dated February 15, 2022, among Lantronix, Inc., Lantronix Holding Company, Lantronix Canada, ULC and Lantronix Technologies Canada (Taiwan) Ltd. and Transition Networks, Inc. 
 
 10-Q 
 10.3 
 2/11/2022 

10.38 
 Second Amendment to Third and Restated Loan Security Agreement dated February 15, 2022, among Lantronix, Inc., Lantronix Holding Company, Lantronix Canada, ULC and Lantronix Technologies Canada (Taiwan) Ltd. and Transition Networks, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 2/16/2022 

10.39 
 Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement dated September 7, 2022 among Lantronix, Inc., Lantronix Holding Company, Lantronix Canada ULC and Lantronix Canada (Taiwan) Ltd., Transition Networks, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 9/12/2022 

41 

10.40 
 Offer Letter dated July 30, 2018 between Lantronix, Inc. and Fathi Hakam 
 
 10-Q 
 10.2 
 11/9/2022 

10.41 
 Change in Control Agreement between Lantronix, Inc. and Fathi Hakam dated April 25, 2021 
 
 10-Q 
 10.3 
 11/9/2022 

10.42 
 Offer Letter dated December 12, 2022 and countersigned January 24, 2023 between Lantronix, Inc. and Eric Bass 
 X 

10.43 
 Letter Agreement dated April 3, 2023, by and between Silicon Valley Bank, a Division of First-Citizens Bank Trust Company (successor by purchase to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation as receiver for Silicon Valley Bank, N.A. (as successor to Silicon Valley Bank), Lantronix, Inc., Lantronix Holding Company, Lantronix Technologies Canada (Taiwan) Ltd., Lantronix Canada ULC, Transition Networks, Inc. and Uplogix, Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 4/6/2023 

21.1+ 
 Subsidiaries of Lantronix, Inc. 
 X 

23.1+ 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, Baker Tilly US, LLP 
 X 

24.1+ 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page) 
 X 

31.1+ 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

31.2+ 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

32.1++ 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

__________ 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 
 
 + 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 ++ 
 
 Furnished herewith. 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

42 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ JEREMY WHITAKER 

Jeremy Whitaker 

Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Date: September 12, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual
whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Jeremy Whitaker, acting individually, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact
and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities,
to sign any and all amendments to this Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith,
with the SEC, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every
act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or
could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or their or his or her substitutes, may
lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ JEREMY WHITAKER 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 September 12, 2023 
 
 Jeremy Whitaker 
 
 (Principal Executive, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ PAUL FOLINO 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 September 12, 2023 
 
 Paul Folino 

/s/ PHILIP BRACE 
 
 Director 
 
 September 12, 2023 
 
 Philip Brace 

/s/ JASON COHENOUR 
 
 Director 
 
 September 12, 2023 

Jason Cohenour 
 
 /s/ PHU HOANG 

Director 

September 12, 2023 
 
 Phu Hoang 

/s/ HEIDI NGUYEN 
 
 Director 
 
 September 12, 2023 
 
 Heidi Nguyen 

/s/ HOSHI PRINTER 
 
 Director 
 
 September 12, 2023 
 
 Hoshi Printer 

43 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Lantronix, Inc.: 

 Irvine, California 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lantronix,
Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders'
equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements).
We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement
of the objective of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of June
30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified
and included in management s assessment. Management has identified a material weakness associated with ineffective information technology
general controls (ITGCs) in the areas of user access controls over the information technology (IT) systems that supports the Company s
financial reporting processes. Automated and manual business process controls that are dependent on the affected ITGCs were also deemed
ineffective because they could have been adversely impacted to the extent that they rely upon information from the affected IT systems. 

The material weakness referred to above is described in Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting included in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This material weakness
was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2023 consolidated financial statements,
and our opinion regarding the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting does not affect our opinion
on those consolidated financial statements. 

Basis for Opinions 

The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated
financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting, included in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained
in all material respects. 

Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control 

 over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating
effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

F- 1 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance 

 with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

 The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

 INVENTORIES EXCESS AND OBSOLETE RESERVE 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 1 and 4 to the consolidated financial
statements, inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and the Company s consolidated inventories balance
was approximately 49.7 million at June 30, 2023, net of reserves. The Company provides for reserves for excess and obsolete inventories
primarily based upon estimates of future demand of products, the age of the inventory, and considering contractual supplier protection
provisions and distributor stock rotation privileges. 

We identified the auditing of management s lower of
cost or net realizable value determination for excess or obsolete inventories as a critical audit matter. The
procedures to audit management s lower of cost or net realizable value determination for excess or obsolete inventories was especially
challenging and highly judgmental because of (i) Inherent estimation uncertainty relating to assumptions used by management in
the inventory reserve model which involved a high degree of subjectivity. (ii) the uncertainties
in determining demand for aging inventory and (iii) future market conditions . 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included: 

Obtaining an understanding and evaluating the design of the controls over the determination
of the lower of cost or net realizable value for excess and obsolete inventories . 
 
 Reviewing manufacturer contracts for contractual supplier protection provisions . 
 
 Testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in management s reserve
calculation . 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions relating to future demand of
products by performing a retrospective review of the prior year assumptions to actual activity. 
 
 Evaluating the appropriateness and consistency of management s methods and assumptions
used in developing estimates around forecasted sales and expected stock rotation privileges . 

F- 2 

VALUATION OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS IN ACQUISITION OF UPLOGIX, INC. 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements,
 on September 12, 2022, the Company acquired Uplogix, Inc. The transaction was accounted for as business
combination and the assets acquired and liabilities assumed have been recorded based on the final assessment of fair value. The acquired
intangible assets included approximately 1.0 million in customer relationships and approximately 0.6 million in acquired technology.
The significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of these intangible assets included revenue growth rates, customer attrition
rates and discount rates. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions . 

We identified auditing of management s valuation of
intangible assets in the acquisition of Uplogix, Inc. as a critical audit matter. The procedures
used to audit the valuation of the acquired technology and customer relationship assets acquired include (i) a high degree of auditor
judgment and subjectivity in applying procedures relating to the fair value measurement of intangible assets acquired due to the significant
amount of judgment by management when developing the estimate; (ii) significant audit effort in evaluating the significant assumptions
relating to the estimate, such as revenue growth rates, the customer attrition rate, and discount rates; and (iii) the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence . 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical
audit matter included: 

Obtaining an understanding and evaluating the design and implementation of the Company's controls
over its estimation process supporting the recognition and measurement of the customer and technology intangible assets, including controls
over management s evaluation of the methodology and underlying assumptions used in determining the fair value . 
 
 Evaluating the Company's selection of the valuation methodology and testing significant assumptions
and inputs used by the Company in the valuation of the intangible assets by evaluating the sensitivity of changes in assumptions to the
fair value of the intangible assets and comparing the significant assumptions to current industry and market and economic trends . 
 
 Evaluating the competency and objectivity of third-party specialists engaged by the Company
to assist in developing management s assumptions . 
 
 Involving firm employed valuation specialists to assist with our evaluation of the methodology
and significant underlying assumptions used by management in determining the fair value estimates . 
 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the models used to determine the fair values of assets
acquired. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditors since
2011. 

Irvine, 

September 12, 2023 

F- 3 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 (In thousands, except share and par value data) 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Contract manufacturers' receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Purchased intangible assets, net 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Current portion of long-term debt, net 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Other non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Restructuring, severance and related charges 

Acquisition-related costs 

Fair value remeasurement of earnout consideration 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Interest expense, net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Other income (expense), net 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Net loss and comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted-average common shares - basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (In thousands) 

Additional 
 
 Accumulated Other 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

Shares issued pursuant to equity
 offering, net 

Shares issued pursuant to stock
 awards, net 

Tax withholding paid on behalf
 of employees for restricted shares 

Fair value of warrants to purchase
 common stock issued with bank credit facility 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Shares issued pursuant to stock
 awards, net 

Tax withholding paid on behalf
 of employees for restricted shares 

Share-based compensation 

Net loss 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In thousands) 

Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of purchased intangible assets 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of manufacturing profit in acquired inventory associated with acquisitions 

Loss on disposal of property and equipment 

Amortization of deferred debt issuance costs 

Fair value remeasurement of earnout consideration 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets and liabilities acquired: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Contract manufacturers' receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Lease right-of-use assets 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll and related expenses 

Other liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Investing activities 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Cash payment for acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Financing activities 

Net proceeds from issuances of common stock 

Tax withholding paid on behalf of employees for restricted shares 

Earnout consideration paid 

Net proceeds from issuance of debt 

Payment of borrowings on term loan 

Net proceeds from borrowing on line of credit 

Payment of borrowings on line of credit 

Payment of lease liabilities 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2023 

and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The costs are included in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Products 

Most of our product revenue is recognized as a distinct
single performance obligation when products are tendered to a carrier for delivery, which represents the point in time that our customer
obtains control of the promised products. A smaller portion of our product revenue is recognized when our customer receives delivery of
the promised products. 

A significant portion of our products are sold to
distributors under agreements which contain (i) limited rights to return unsold products and (ii) price adjustment provisions, both of
which are accounted for as variable consideration when estimating the amount of revenue to recognize. We base our estimates for returns
and price adjustments primarily on historical experience; however, we also consider contractual allowances, approved pricing adjustments
and other known or anticipated returns and price adjustments in a given period. Such estimates are generally made at the time of shipment
to the customer and updated at the end of each reporting period as additional information becomes available and only to the extent that
it is probable that a significant reversal of any incremental revenue will not occur. Our estimates of accrued variable consideration
are included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Services 

Revenues from our extended warranty and services are
generally recognized ratably over the applicable service period. Revenues from sales of our software-as-a-service SaaS products are recognized ratably over the applicable service period as well. 

We prepay sales commissions related to certain of these contracts, which
are incremental costs of obtaining the contract. We capitalize these costs and expense them ratably on a straight-line basis over the
life of the contract. At June 30, 2023, prepaid sales commissions included in prepaid expenses and other current assets totaled 
and included in other assets totaled . 

Engineering Services 

We derive a portion of our revenues from engineering and related consulting
service contracts with customers. Revenues from professional engineering services are generally recognized as services are performed.
These contracts generally include performance obligations in which control is transferred over time because the customer either simultaneously
receives and consumes the benefits provided or our performance on the contract creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls.
These contracts typically provide services on the following basis: 

Time Materials T M services consist of revenues from software modification, consulting implementation, training and integration services. These services are set forth separately in the contractual arrangements such that the total price of the customer arrangement is expected to vary depending on the actual time and materials incurred based on the customer s needs. 

Fixed Price arrangements to render specific consulting and software modification services which tend to be more complex. 

Performance obligations for T M contracts qualify for the Right
to Invoice practical expedient within the revenue guidance. Under this practical expedient, we may recognize revenue, over time,
in the amount to which we have a right to invoice. In addition, we are not required to estimate variable consideration upon inception
of the contract and reassess the estimate each reporting period. We determined that this method best represents the transfer of services
as, upon billing, we have a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that directly corresponds with the value to the customer
of our performance completed to date. 

We recognize revenue on fixed price contracts, over time, using an input
method based on the proportion of our actual costs incurred (generally labor hours expended) to the total costs expected to complete the
contract performance obligation. We determined that this method best represents the transfer of services as the proportion closely depicts
the efforts or inputs completed towards the satisfaction of a fixed price contract performance obligation. 

Multiple Performance Obligations 

From time to time, we may enter into contracts with customers that include
promises to transfer multiple deliverables that may include sales of products, professional engineering services and other product qualification
or certification services. Determining whether the deliverables in such arrangements are considered distinct performance obligations that
should be accounted for separately versus together often requires judgment. We consider performance obligations to be distinct when the
customer can benefit from the promised good or service on its own or by combining it with other resources readily available and when the
promised good or service is separately identifiable from other promised goods or services in the contract. In such arrangements, we allocate
revenue on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price
for each performance obligation. 

Net Revenue by Product Line and Geographic Region 

We organize our products and solutions into three product lines: Embedded
IoT Solutions, IoT System Solutions, and Software Services. Our Embedded IoT products are normally embedded into new designs. These
products include application processing that delivers compute to meet customer needs for data transformation, computer vision, machine
learning, augmented / virtual reality, audio / video aggregation and distribution, and custom applications at the edge. Our IoT System
products include wired and wireless connections that enhance the value and utility of modern electronic systems and equipment by providing
secure network connectivity, power for IoT end devices through Power over Ethernet (PoE), application hosting, protocol conversion, media
conversion, secure access for distributed IoT deployments and many other functions. Our Software Services products can be classified
as either (i) our SaaS platform, which enables customers to easily deploy, monitor, manage, and automate across their global deployments,
all from a single platform login, virtually connected as though directly on each device, (ii) engineering services, which is a flexible
business model that allows customers to select from turnkey product development or team augmentation for accelerating complex areas of
product development or (iii) extended warranty, support and maintenance. 

We conduct our business globally and manage our sales teams by three geographic
regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa EMEA and Asia Pacific Japan APJ ). 

The following tables present our net revenue by product line and by geographic
region. Net revenues by geographic region are generally based on the bill-to location of our customers: 

IoT System Solutions 

Software Services 

EMEA 

APJ 

The following table presents product revenues and service revenues as
a percentage of our total net revenue: 

Service revenues 

Service revenue is comprised primarily of professional services, software
license subscriptions, and extended warranties. 

Contract Balances 

In certain instances, the timing of revenue recognition may differ from
the timing of invoicing to our customers. We record a contract asset receivable when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing, and a contract
or deferred revenue liability when revenue is recognized subsequent to invoicing. With respect to product shipments, we expect to fulfill
contract obligations within one year and so we have elected not to separately disclose the amount nor the timing of recognition of
these remaining performance obligations. For contract balances related to contracts that include services and multiple performance obligations,
refer to the deferred revenue discussion below. 

Deferred Revenue 

Deferred revenue is primarily comprised of unearned revenue related to
our extended warranty services and certain software services. These services are generally invoiced at the beginning of the contract period
and revenue is recognized ratably over the service period. Current and non-current deferred revenue balances represent revenue allocated
to the remaining unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of a reporting period and are respectively included in other current liabilities
and other non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

The following table presents the changes in our deferred revenue balance
for the year ended June 30, 2023 (in thousands): 

New performance obligations 

Performance obligations acquired from acquisitions 

Recognition of revenue as a result of satisfying performance obligations 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Less: non-current portion of deferred revenue 

Current portion, June 30, 2023 

We expect to recognize substantially all of the non-current portion of
deferred revenue over the next 2 to 5 years. 

Preliminary estimated fair value of earnout consideration 

Total purchase consideration 

We recorded Uplogix s tangible and intangible assets and liabilities
based on their estimated fair values as of the Closing Date and allocated the remaining purchase consideration to goodwill. Our valuation
assumptions of acquired assets and assumed liabilities require significant estimates, especially with respect to intangible assets. Updates
to the valuation of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed may result in changes to the recorded amounts of assets and liabilities,
with corresponding adjustments to goodwill in subsequent periods. As of June 30, 2023, the measurement period is complete. 

During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, based on additional analysis
and refinements to our estimates, we adjusted the preliminary purchase price allocation as of the Closing Date to (i) decrease the estimated
fair value of intangible assets acquired by , (ii) increase the fair value of other current liabilities by a net amount of .
These adjustments resulted in an increase to goodwill of . 

The final purchase price allocation is as follows (in thousands): 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Lease right-of-use asset 

Other non-current assets 

Amortizable intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Deferred revenue 

Other current liabilities 

Notes payable 

Other noncurrent liabilities 

Total consideration 

As discussed above, the purchase consideration and resulting purchase price
allocation for this acquisition included various adjustments for transaction expenses, the Bonus Amount, payment of Company Junior-Only
Notes and certain other accrued expenses paid shortly after the Closing Date. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, substantially all of the
 cash acquired was to be utilized for these items. The purchase price allocation above reflects both this cash acquired and
the applicable accrued liabilities and notes payable that were substantially all disbursed on or shortly after the Closing Date. 

The factors that contributed to a purchase price resulting in the recognition
of goodwill include our belief that this acquisition will create a more diverse IoT company with respect to product offerings and our
belief that we are committed to improving cost structures in accordance with our operational and restructuring plans which should result
in a realization of cost savings and an improvement of overall efficiencies. 

Depending on the structure of a particular acquisition, goodwill and
identifiable intangible assets may not be deductible for tax purposes. We have determined that goodwill and identifiable intangible assets
related to this acquisition are deductible. 

Acquisition-related costs were expensed in the periods in which the costs
were incurred. 

The valuation of identifiable intangible assets and their estimated useful
lives are as follows: 

Developed technology 

Trademarks and trade names 

The intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated
weighted-average useful lives. 

Valuation Methodology 

The customer relationships were valued using the multi-period excess earnings
method, which estimates revenues and cash flows derived from this asset and also considers portions of the cash flows that can be attributed
to the use of other supporting assets. The useful lives of customer relationships are estimated based primarily upon customer turnover
data. Order backlog was estimated to be substantially fulfilled within a year of the Closing Date. 

Developed technology and trades names were valued using the relief-from-royalty
method. This method is an income approach that estimates the portion of a company s earnings attributable to an asset based on the
royalty rate the company would have paid for the use of the asset if it did not own it. Royalty payments are estimated by applying a royalty
rate to the prospective revenue attributable to the intangible asset. The resulting annual royalty payments are tax-affected and then
discounted to present value. 

Assumptions used in forecasting cash flows for each
of the identified intangible assets included consideration of the following: 

Historical performance including sales and profitability 

Business prospects and industry expectations 

Estimated economic life of the asset 

Development of new technologies 

Acquisition of new customers 

Attrition of existing customers 

Obsolescence of technology over time 

The fair value of earnout consideration was estimated based on applying
a Monte Carlo simulation method to forecast achievement of the revenue targets. This method involves many possible value outcomes which
are evaluated to establish an estimated value. Key inputs in the valuation include forecasted revenue, revenue volatility and discount
rate. 

Remeasurement of Earnout Consideration 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, we remeasured the estimated fair value
of the earnout consideration based on our updated expectations of achieving the revenue targets for the business of Uplogix. 

The following table presents the change in the earnout consideration liability
(in thousands): 

Remeasurement estimates 

Payments 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The remeasurement of the earnout consideration liability was recorded within
our operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The balance of
this liability is recorded in other current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2023. 

Supplemental Pro Forma Information (Unaudited) 

The following supplemental pro forma data summarizes our results of operations
for the periods presented, as if we completed the acquisition of Uplogix as of the first day of our fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The
supplemental pro forma data reports actual operating results adjusted to include the pro forma effect and timing of the impact of amortization
expense of identified intangible assets, restructuring costs, the purchase accounting effect on inventories acquired, and transaction
costs. In accordance with the pro forma acquisition date, we recorded in the year ended June 30, 2022 supplemental pro forma data (i)
cost of goods sold from manufacturing profit in acquired inventory of , (ii) acquisition related restructuring costs of 
and (iii) acquisition-related costs of , with a corresponding reduction in the year ended June 30, 2023 supplemental pro forma
data. Additionally, we recorded of amortization expense in the year ended June 30, 2022 supplemental pro forma data, and a reduction
of amortization expense of in the year ended June 30, 2023 supplemental pro forma data to represent amortization for the full
fiscal year period. 

Net revenue related to products and services from the acquisition of Uplogix
contributed just under 4 of our total net revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023. As of the Closing Date, we began to immediately integrate
the acquisition into existing operations, engineering groups, sales distribution networks and management structure, making it generally
impracticable to determine the post-acquisition earnings on a standalone basis. 

Supplemental pro forma data is as follows: 

Pro forma net loss 

Pro forma net loss per share: 

Basic and Diluted 

Acquisition of Transition Networks 

On
April 28, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Communications Systems, Inc.,
a Minnesota corporation CSI ), pursuant to which we agreed to purchase from CSI the Transition Networks TNI and Net2Edge businesses of CSI (the Transaction ). The Transaction closed on August 2, 2021 (the Closing Date ),
with Lantronix acquiring all outstanding shares of the common stock of TNI and all of the outstanding ordinary shares of Transition Networks
Europe Limited (such entity, together with TNI, the TN Companies for an aggregate purchase price of up to approximately
 ,000 consisting of (i) 
 in cash paid on the Closing Date, plus (ii) earnout payments of up to ,
payable following two successive 180-day intervals after the Closing Date based on revenue targets for the business of the TN Companies
as specified in the Purchase Agreement, subject to certain adjustments and allocations as further described in the Purchase Agreement.
Based on preliminary working capital estimates of the TN Companies at the Closing Date, we paid 24,160,000 in cash consideration on
the Closing Date. In September 2021, pursuant to working capital adjustments as outlined in the Purchase Agreement, the net cash consideration
paid as of the Closing Date was adjusted to approximately 23,651,000. 

The acquisition of the TN Companies provided Lantronix with complementary
IoT connectivity products and capabilities, including switching, power over ethernet and media conversion and adapter products. 

A summary of the purchase consideration for the TN Companies is as follows
(in thousands): 

Estimated fair value of earnout consideration 

Total purchase consideration 

We recorded the TN Companies tangible and intangible assets and
liabilities based on their estimated fair values as of the Closing Date and allocated the remaining purchase consideration to goodwill.
Our valuation assumptions of acquired assets and assumed liabilities require significant estimates, especially with respect to intangible
assets. 

The final purchase price allocation is as follows (in thousands): 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net 

Prepaid expense and other current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Amortizable intangible assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Deferred tax liability 

Other current liabilities 

Total consideration 

The factors that contributed to a purchase price resulting in the recognition
of goodwill include our belief that the Transaction will create a more diverse IoT company with respect to product offerings and our belief
that we are committed to improving cost structures in accordance with our operational and restructuring plans which should result in a
realization of cost savings and an improvement of overall efficiencies. 

Depending on the structure of a particular acquisition, goodwill and identifiable
intangible assets may not be deductible for tax purposes. We determined that goodwill and identifiable intangible assets related to the
Transaction are not deductible. 

Acquisition-related costs were expensed in the periods in which the costs
were incurred. 

The valuation of identifiable intangible assets and their estimated useful
lives are as follows: 

Developed technology 

Order backlog 

Trademarks and trade names 

The intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated
weighted-average useful lives. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

The following table presents details of our inventories: 

Raw materials 

Inventories, net 

Property and Equipment 

The following table presents details of property
and equipment: 

Furniture and fixtures 

Production, development and warehouse equipment 

Construction-in-progress 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Purchased Intangible Assets 

The following table presents details of purchased
intangible assets: 

Customer relationships 

Order backlog 

Non-compete agreements 

Trademark and trade name 

We do not currently have any purchased intangible
assets with indefinite useful lives. 

As of June 30, 2023, future estimated amortization
expense is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total amortization
expense 

Goodwill 

The following table presents details of our goodwill
balance: 

Acquisition of Uplogix 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Warranty Reserve 

The following table presents details of our warranty
reserve: 

Warranty reserve assumed from acquisition of the TN Companies 

Charged to cost of revenues 

Usage 

Ending balance 

Other Liabilities 

The following table presents details of our other
liabilities: 

Customer deposits and refunds 

Accrued raw materials purchases 

Deferred revenue 

Lease liability 

Taxes payable 

Warranty reserve 

Accrued operating expenses 

Total other current liabilities 

Non-current 

Lease liability 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred revenue 

Total other non-current liabilities 

Computation of Net Loss per Share 

The following table presents the computation of net loss per share: 

Denominator: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share - basic and diluted 

The following table presents the common stock equivalents excluded from
the diluted net loss per share calculation because they were anti-dilutive for the periods presented. These excluded common stock equivalents
could be dilutive in the future. 

Severance and Related Charges 

The following table presents details of the liability we recorded related
to restructuring, severance and related activities during the current fiscal year: 

Charges 

Payments 

Ending balance 

The ending balance is recorded in accrued payroll and related expenses
on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2023. 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

The following table presents non-cash investing and financing transactions
excluded from the consolidated statements of cash flows: 

Acquisition of property through financing leases 

Accrued property and equipment paid for in the subsequent period 

Warrants to purchase common stock issued with bank credit facility 

Fair value adjustment of earnout consideration for TN companies at acquisition date 

that matures on . The Senior Credit Facilities bears interest at Term Secured Overnight
Financing Rate SOFR or the Prime Rate, at the option of Lantronix, plus a margin that ranges from 3.10 to
4.10 in the case of Term SOFR and 1.50 to 2.50 in the case of the Prime Rate, depending on our total leverage with a Term SOFR
floor of 1.50 and a Prime Rate floor of 3.25 . The Amendment reduces the minimum liquidity requirement from 
to .
As a condition to entering into the Amendment, we were obligated to pay a nonrefundable facility increase fee in the amount of
 .
The Senior Credit Facilities mature on . The Senior Credit Facilities are secured by substantially all of our assets. 

On September 7, 2022, we borrowed 
on our revolving credit facility. We subsequently paid this amount back to the bank in full in February 2023. 

On April 3, 2023, we entered into a Letter Agreement
(the Letter Agreement with SVB, which, among other matters, amended the Loan Agreement to reduce the former requirement
to hold 85 of our company-wide cash balances at SVB to 50 , and provided a waiver of any event of default under the Loan Agreement for
any failure to comply with this covenant prior to the date of the Letter Agreement. 

The following table summarizes our outstanding debt: 

Less: Unamortized debt issuance costs 

Net Carrying amount of debt 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, we recognized of interest
expense in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations related to interest and amortization of debt issuance associated with
the borrowings under the Senior Credit Facilities. 

On March 10, 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of
Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. On March
13, 2023, the FDIC announced that it had transferred all insured and uninsured deposits and substantially all assets of SVB to a newly
created, full-service FDIC-operated bridge bank called Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A., where depositors would have full
access to their money immediately. On March 27, 2023, First Citizens Bank announced that it entered into an agreement with the FDIC to
purchase all of the assets and liabilities of Silicon Valley Bridge Bank. We currently have full control of our cash and cash equivalents
balance at SVB and our other banking institutions. We frequently monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and
cash equivalents. Our emphasis is primarily on safety of principal and secondarily on maximizing yield on those funds. 

Financial Covenants 

The Senior Credit Facilities require Lantronix to comply with a minimum
liquidity test, a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. We were in compliance with all financial covenants
as of June 30, 2023. 

Liquidity 

The Senior Credit Facilities require that we maintain a minimum liquidity
of 4,000,000 at SVB, as measured at the end of each month. 

Maximum leverage ratio 

The Senior Credit Facilities require that we maintain a maximum leverage
ratio, calculated as the ratio of funded debt to the consolidated trailing 12 month earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, and certain other allowable exclusions of (i) 2.50 to 1.00 for each calendar quarter ending June 30, 2021 through and including
September 30, 2022, (ii) 2.25 to 1.00 for each calendar quarter ending December 31, 2022 through and including September 30, 2023, and
(iii) 2.00 to 1.00 for the calendar quarter December 31, 2023 and each calendar quarter thereafter. 

Minimum fixed charge coverage ratio 

The Senior Credit Facilities require that we maintain a minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio, calculated as the ratio of consolidated trailing 12 month earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization,
and certain other allowable exclusions, less capital expenditures and taxes paid, to the trailing twelve month principal and interest
payments on all funded debt of 1.25 to 1.00 as measured at the end of each calendar quarter. 

In addition, the Senior Credit Facilities contain customary representations
and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict Lantronix and its subsidiaries ability
to incur liens, incur indebtedness, dispose of assets, make investments, make certain restricted payments, merge or consolidate and enter
into certain speculative hedging arrangements. The Senior Credit Facilities include a number of events of default, including, among other
things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to other materials indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults and
material judgment defaults. If any event of default occurs (subject, in certain instances, to specified grace periods), the principal,
premium, if any, interest and any other monetary obligations on all the then outstanding amounts under the Senior Credit Facilities may
become due and payable immediately. 

shares of our common stock that remained available for award grants
under the 2010 Plan became available for award grants under the 2020 Plan. An additional shares our common stock are also available
for award grants under the 2020 Plan. In addition, any shares of common stock subject to outstanding awards under the 2010 Plan that expire,
are cancelled, or otherwise terminate after the expiration date of the 2010 Plan will be available for award grant purposes under the
2020 Plan. The 2020 Plan authorizes awards of stock options (both non-qualified and incentive), stock appreciation rights, non-vested
shares, restricted stock units RSUs and performance shares PSUs ). New shares are issued to satisfy stock
option exercises and share issuances. At June 30, 2023, approximately shares remain available for issuance under the 2020 Plan.
We have also granted stock options and RSUs under individual inducement award agreements. 

The Compensation Committee of our board of directors determines eligibility,
vesting schedules and exercise prices for stock options and shares granted under the plans. Stock options are generally granted with an
exercise price equal to the market price of our common stock on the grant date. Stock options generally have a contractual term of seven
to ten years. Share-based awards generally vest and become exercisable over a one to four-year service period. As of June 30, 2023, no
stock appreciation rights or non-vested stock was outstanding. No income tax benefit was realized from activity in the share-based plans
during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Stock Option Awards 

The fair value of each stock option grant is estimated on the grant
date using the Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing formula. The expected term of stock options granted is based on our recent historical
exercise data. Expected volatilities are based on the historical volatility of our stock price. The risk-free interest rate assumption
is based on the U.S. Treasury interest rates appropriate for the expected term of our stock options. 

The following weighted-average assumptions were used to estimate the fair
value of all of our stock option grants: 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

The following table presents a summary of activity for all of our stock
options: 

Granted 

Expired 

Exercised 

Balance of options outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Options exercisable at June 30, 2023 

The following table presents a summary of grant date fair value and intrinsic
value information for all of our stock options: 

Intrinsic value of options exercised 

Restricted Stock Units 

The fair value of our RSUs is based on the closing market price of our
common stock on the grant date. 

The following table presents a summary of activity with respect to our
RSUs: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Balance of RSUs outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Performance Shares 

The following table presents a summary of activity with respect to our
PSUs: 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Vested 

Balance of PSUs outstanding at June 30, 2023 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Our 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP is intended
to provide employees with an opportunity to purchase our common stock through accumulated payroll deductions at the end of a specified
purchase period. Each of our employees (including officers) is eligible to participate in our ESPP, subject to certain limitations as
set forth in our ESPP. 

The ESPP currently operates with six month offering periods commencing
on the first trading day on or after May 16 and November 16 of each year (an Offering Period ). Common stock may be purchased
under the ESPP at the end of each six-month Offering Period unless the participant withdraws or terminates employment earlier. Shares
of the Company s common stock may be purchased under the ESPP at a price not less than 85 of the lesser of the fair market value
of our common stock on the first or last trading day of each Offering Period. 

The per share fair value of stock purchase rights granted under the ESPP
was estimated using the following weighted-average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

The following table presents a summary of activity under our ESPP: 

Shares reserved for issuance 

Shares issued 

Shares available for issuance at June 30, 2023 

Weighted-average purchase price per share 

Intrinsic value of ESPP shares on purchase date 

Share-Based Compensation Expense 

The following table presents a summary of share-based compensation expense
included in each applicable functional line item on our consolidated statements of operations: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total share-based compensation expense 

The following table presents a summary of the remaining unrecognized share-based
compensation expense related to our outstanding share-based awards as of June 30, 2023: 

RSUs 

PSUs 

Common stock purchase rights under ESPP 

If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying unvested
share-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase or cancel remaining unearned share-based compensation expense. Future share-based
compensation expense and unearned share-based compensation expense will increase to the extent that we grant additional share-based awards. 

and in matching contributions to participants in the Plan during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

In addition, we may make discretionary profit-sharing contributions, subject
to limitations. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we made no such contributions to the Plan. 

State 

Foreign 

Total Current taxes 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Foreign 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

The following table presents U.S. and foreign income (loss) before income
taxes: 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax
assets and liabilities are as follows: 

Reserves not currently deductible 

Capitalized research and development expenses 

Deferred compensation 

Inventory capitalization 

Lease liabilities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Identified intangibles 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

State taxes 

Right-of-use assets 

Identified intangibles 

Depreciation and amortization 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 

Our net deferred tax liability of 
at June 30, 2023 represents the excess of our indefinite-lived deferred tax liabilities over our indefinite-lived deferred tax
assets, and is recorded in other non-current liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2023.
Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income. As required by ASC 740, we have
evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon our ability to realize the deferred tax assets as of
June 30, 2023. We have determined that it was more likely than not that Lantronix would not realize the deferred tax
assets due to our cumulative losses and uncertainty of generating future taxable income. 

As a result of the acquisition of the TN Companies during the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2022, we recorded U.S. deferred tax liabilities in the purchase accounting related to non-tax-deductible intangible assets
recognized in our consolidated financial statements. The acquired deferred tax liabilities are a source of income to support recognition
of our existing deferred tax assets. Pursuant to ASC 805, the impact on our existing deferred tax assets and liabilities caused by an
acquisition should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements outside of acquisition accounting. Accordingly, we recorded an
income tax benefit during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 of for the partial release of the valuation allowance as a result
of such purchase accounting considerations. 

The following table presents a reconciliation of the provision (benefit)
for income taxes to taxes computed at the U.S. federal statutory rate: 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

Stock options 

Other permanent differences 

Change in valuation allowance 

Global intangible low-tax income inclusion 

Foreign tax rate variances 

Acquisition costs 

Other 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Due to the change of ownership provision of the Tax Reform
Act of 1986, utilization of our net operating loss NOL carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards may be subject to an
annual limitation against taxable income in future periods. Due to the annual limitation, a portion of these carryforwards may expire
before ultimately becoming available to reduce future income tax liabilities. 

The following table presents our NOL carryforwards: 

State 

Our federal NOL carryforwards generated for tax years beginning before
July 1, 2018 began to expire in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021. Pursuant to the 2017 Act, we also have federal NOL carryforwards
of that will not expire but can only be used to offset of future taxable income. For state income tax purposes, our NOL
carryforwards began to expire in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013. 

We continue to assert that our foreign earnings are indefinitely reinvested
in our overseas operations and as such, deferred income taxes were not provided on undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries.
The 2017 Act created a requirement that certain income earned by foreign subsidiaries, known as global intangible low-tax income GILTI ),
must be included in the gross income of their U.S. shareholder. The FASB allows an accounting policy election of either recognizing deferred
taxes for temporary differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or recognizing such taxes as a current-period expense when
incurred. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we elected to treat the tax effect of GILTI as a current-period expense
when incurred. 

Unrecognized Tax Benefits 

The following table summarizes our liability for uncertain tax positions
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023: 

Change in balances related to uncertain tax positions 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

At June 30, 2023, we had 
 of gross unrecognized tax benefits which was recorded as a reduction to deferred tax assets, and a corresponding reduction in
our valuation allowance of .
The balance decreased from the prior year due to the expiration of certain federal research and development tax credit carryforwards.
To the extent such portion of unrecognized tax benefits is recognized at a time such valuation allowance no longer exists, the recognition
would reduce the effective tax rate. Our continuing practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in
income tax expense. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, we recorded an immaterial expense for interest and penalties
related to income tax matters in the provision for income taxes. At June 30, 2023, we had approximately 
 of accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

At June 30, 2023, our fiscal years ended June 30, 2020 through 2023 remain
open to examination by the federal taxing jurisdiction and our fiscal years ended June 30, 2019 through 2023 remain open to examination
by the state taxing jurisdictions. However, we have NOLs beginning in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2001 which would cause the statute
of limitations to remain open for the year in which the NOL was incurred. Our fiscal years ended June 30, 2015 through 2023 remain open
to examination by foreign taxing authorities. We currently do not anticipate that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30,
2023 will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months. 

Financing lease cost 

Financing lease interest expense 

Supplemental cash flow information 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of financing lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligation 

The weighted-average remaining lease term is years. The weighted-average
discount rate is percent. 

Maturities of lease liabilities as of June 30, 2023 were as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total remaining lease payments 

less: imputed interest 

Lease liability 

Reported as: 

Current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

California Corporate Headquarters Lease 

In July 2022, we commenced the lease of approximately 14,000 square
feet of office space for our corporate headquarters in Irvine, California. The term of the lease is 84 months from the commencement date,
with an option to extend the lease for one 60-month extension period at a basic rent to be agreed upon by the parties or determined pursuant
to the lease. The initial basic rent payable is 28,900 per month and is subject to customary annual rent increases. The aggregate basic
rent payable under the lease during the 84-month term is approximately 2,700,000. We are also obligated to pay as additional rent our
proportionate share of operating expenses, including property taxes. Additionally, the lease required us to deliver to the landlord an
irrevocable stand-by letter of credit in the amount of 50,000 as security in the case of default. 

We accounted for this lease as an operating lease in accordance with ASC
842. Upon commencement of the lease, we recorded a right-of-use asset of 2,852,000 and lease liability of 2,852,000 at the inception
of the lease based upon a discount rate of 4.6 over a term of 7 years. 

Europe, Middle East, and Africa 

Asia Pacific Japan 

Total 

Long-lived assets, which consists of property and equipment, net, lease
right-of-use assets, purchased intangible assets, net, and goodwill by geographic area are as follows: 

Canada 

Rest of world 

Customers 

The following table presents sales to our significant customers as a percentage
of net revenue: 

Ingram Micro 

Amtran 

(1) 

Less than 10 

No other customer represented more than 10 of our annual net revenue during
these fiscal years. 

Related Party Transactions 

We had net revenue from related parties for the fiscal years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022. 

Suppliers 

We do not own or operate a manufacturing facility. All of our products
are manufactured by third-party contract manufacturers and foundries primarily located in Thailand, Taiwan and China. We have several
single-sourced supplier relationships, either because alternative sources are not available or because the relationship is advantageous
to us. If these suppliers are unable to provide a timely and reliable supply of components, we could experience manufacturing delays that
could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

F- 37 

<EX-10.42>
 2
 lantronix_ex1042.htm
 OFFER LETTER DATED DECEMBER 12, 2022 AND COUNTERSIGNED JANUARY 24, 2023 BETWEEN LANTRONIX, INC. AND ERIC BASS

Exhibit 10.24 

December 12, 2022 

Eric Bass 

 8724 Jim Davis Place 

 Austin, Texas 78736 

Dear Eric: 

This letter Agreement will confirm
our understanding and agreement regarding your employment with Lantronix, Inc. Lantronix or the Company ),
commencing January 30, 2023 (the Commencement Date ). 

POSITION EXCLUSIVITY 

The Company agrees to employ you as its Vice
President of Engineering , reporting to Paul Pickle, Chief Executive Officer of the Company (the CEO ). Your primary office
will be located at the Lantronix offices in Austin, Texas. During your employment with Lantronix, you will not render any services to
any other person or entity, whether for compensation or otherwise, or engage in any business activities competitive with or adverse to
the Company s business or welfare, whether alone, as an employee, as a partner, as a member, or as a shareholder, officer or director
of any other corporation, or as a trustee, fiduciary or in any other similar representative capacity of any other entity, without the
prior written consent of the CEO. 

BASE SALARY 

The Company shall pay you a bi-weekly base salary
in the amount of 9,615.38 250,000 on an annualized basis) , less applicable withholdings and deductions, paid on the Company s
regular bi-weekly payroll dates. You will be classified as an exempt employee, and your salary will be paid on a salary basis and is intended
to compensate you for all hours that you work. Your salary will be reviewed at the time executive salaries are reviewed periodically,
and the Company may, in its sole discretion, adjust it to reflect Company performance, your performance, market conditions, and other
factors deemed relevant by the Company. 

BONUS 

You will be eligible to participate in Lantronix s Annual Bonus Program Program at a target amount that will be
equal to 40 of your base salary. Your bonus percentage is not guaranteed and may be adjusted upward or downward by Compensation
Committee in their sole discretion based on a number of factors including your performance. Your participation will commence with the
Fiscal 2023 plan period, which began July 1, 2022 and ends June 30, 2023. Your bonus amount, if awarded, will be pro-rated based on your
Commencement Date during the plan period. Your participation and payment of a bonus and the amount is subject to the terms of the Program
and the performance targets established thereunder by the Compensation Committee, as such Programs and targets may be amended from time
to time and are generally established every year by the Compensation Committee. Lantronix reserves the right to change or discontinue
the Program at any time. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

1 

STOCK OPTIONS 

As part of your offer, you will receive a stock
option grant to purchase 100,000 shares of the Company s common stock, which will be granted to you effective the first business
day of the month immediately following the Commencement Date. The options shall be considered a one-time inducement grant of non-qualified
stock options (NQSO). The exercise price of the options shall be equal to the closing price for the Company s common stock on the
Nasdaq Stock Market on the grant date. Except as otherwise provided in this letter, the options will be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Company s standard form of stock option agreement. 

The foregoing options shall vest according to
the following schedule: Twenty-five percent (25 of the foregoing options shall vest one (1) year from the grant date, subject to your
continuing employment with the Company, and no shares shall vest before such date. The remaining options shall vest ratably on the first
day of each month thereafter for a period of thirty-six (36) months, subject to your continuing employment with the Company through such
dates (as defined in the Company s 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended). 

RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

As part of your offer, you will receive a one-time
inducement grant of non-qualified restricted stock units that will be granted to you effective the first business day of the month immediately
following the Commencement Date and issued to you shortly thereafter, pursuant to, and subject to the terms and provisions of, the Company s
2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended. 

The number of restricted stock units (RSUs) subject
to such grant shall equal 275,000 divided by the average of the closing prices (in regular trading) of a share of Company common
stock on The Nasdaq Stock Market for the last thirty (30) trading days of the fiscal quarter preceding the fiscal quarter in which the
date of grant of such award occurs, rounded to the nearest whole share. 

The foregoing RSUs shall vest according to the
following schedule: Twenty-five percent (25 of the forgoing RSUs shall vest on March 1, 2024, subject to your continuing employment
with the Company, and no shares shall vest before such date. The remaining RSUs shall vest ratably on first day of the last month of each
quarter thereafter for a period of twelve (12) quarters, subject to your continuing employment with the Company through such dates (as
defined in the Company s 2020 Performance Incentive Plan, as amended). No right to any stock is earned or accrued until such time
that vesting occurs, nor does the grant confer any rights to continue vesting or employment. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

2 

PERFORMANCE STOCK UNITS 

As part of your offer, you will receive a one-time
grant of performance stock units (PSUs) that will be granted to you effective the first business day of the month immediately following
the Commencement Date. 

The number of PSUs subject to such grant shall
equal 400,000 divided by the average of the closing prices (in regular trading) of a share of Company common stock on The Nasdaq
Stock Market for the last thirty (30) trading days of the fiscal quarter preceding the fiscal quarter in which the date of grant of such
award occurs, rounded to the nearest whole share. 

The foregoing grant shall be subject to the same
performance methodology, guidelines, and metrics adopted by the Company s Compensation Committee on July 1, 2022 and such other
terms and conditions set forth in the grant documents that will be issued to you and the other Executives of the Company as adopted by
the Compensation Committee. The foregoing PSU grant, including methodology, guidelines, and metrics, will cover the Company s performance
in the Fiscal 2023 through Fiscal 2025, provided, however, that your vesting schedule shall be as follows: Sixteen percent (16 of your
award shall vest with the rest of the Executives in Fiscal 2023, and 42 of your award shall vest with the Executives in each of Fiscal
2024 and Fiscal 2025. All other terms set forth in the applicable grant documents that will be issued to you and the other Executives
of the Company shall apply. 

BENEFITS 

You will be eligible to participate in the employee
benefit plans and programs generally available to the Company s employees, including group medical, dental, vision and life insurance,
and disability benefits, subject to the terms and conditions of such plans and programs. You will be entitled to paid time off for vacation
leave, in a reasonable amount that you deem appropriate and consistent with your duties, provided that your job performance remains acceptable.
You will be expected to schedule vacation at reasonable times so as not to interfere with your duties. There shall be no accrual of unused
vacation time and you will not be entitled to payment for any unused vacation time upon the termination of your employment with the Company.
The Company reserves the right to amend, modify, or terminate any of its benefit plans or programs at any time and for any reason. 

EXPENSES 

You shall be entitled to reimbursement for all
reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment, and travel expenses incurred by you in connection with the performance
of your duties hereunder in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policies and procedures, including reimbursement
for economy travel on domestic flights and for international flights. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

3 

WITHHOLDINGS 

All forms of compensation paid to you as an employee
of the Company shall be less all applicable withholdings. 

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 

As an employee of Lantronix, you will have access
to certain Company confidential information and you may, in the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions,
which will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company and in connection with the commencement of your employment
and as a condition thereof, you will be required to sign the Company s Employment, Confidential Information, and Invention Assignment
Agreement. We wish to impress upon you that we do not want you to bring with you any confidential or proprietary information from a previous
employer or violate any obligation you may have to that employer, and by your signature below, you affirm that your acceptance of Lantronix s
offer of at-will employment as set forth herein does not violate any such obligation. 

NON-SOLICITATION 

In consideration of the promises and covenants
contained in this letter, you agree that for a period of one (1) year following your effective date of termination or resignation, you
will not, either directly or indirectly, either on your own behalf or on behalf of any other person, recruit or solicit for hire any individual
who is then employed by the Company. You acknowledge and agree that the restrictions contained in this section are reasonable and appropriate.
You further acknowledge and agree that the restrictions contained in this section will not preclude you from engaging in any trade, business,
or profession that you are qualified to engage in. 

AT-WILL EMPLOYMENT 

Your employment with the Company will be for no
specific period of time, regardless of the date of payment of wages and salary. Rather, your employment will be at-will, meaning that
you or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, and for any reason
or no particular reason. Subject to the rights under the section entitled Severance, Lantronix may hire, fire, demote, promote,
and change or alter any terms of your employment at any time. Moreover, although your compensation and benefits may change from time to
time, the at-will nature of your employment may only be changed by an express written agreement signed by an authorized officer of the
Company. 

SEVERANCE 

If your employment with the Company is terminated
by you for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause within two years of the Commencement Date, then subject to your execution and non-revocation
of a release of claims in a form provided by the Company, then in addition to any base salary earned through the termination date, any
earned but as-yet unpaid bonuses, unpaid expense reimbursements and vested benefits to which you are entitled under the terms of any Company
employee benefit plan (which compensation and benefits will be paid to you or your estate in connection with your ceasing to be employed
without regard to the reason for such cessation), you will be entitled to the following: 

Initials: /s/ EB 

4 

You will be entitled to receive severance pay
in a total amount equal to the sum of (i) six (6) months of your then current Base Salary, plus (ii) an amount equal to fifty percent
(50 of Bonus amounts you earned over the previous twelve (12) months (collectively, the Severance Payment ). The Severance
Payment shall be less required tax deductions and withholdings and shall be paid in a lump sum on the 53rd day following your date of
termination or such later date as is required to avoid potentially adverse taxation under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A pursuant
to section under the caption Section 409A below. 

For purposes of this letter, Cause 
shall mean: (i) gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of your duties to the Company; (ii) intentional and continual
failure to substantially perform your reasonably assigned duties for the Company; (iii) intentional conduct that is demonstrably and materially
injurious to the Company, including but not limited to committing or cooperating in an act of fraud, theft, or dishonesty against the
Company; (iv) your breach of a fiduciary duty to the Company or its shareholders; (v) your conviction for, or plea of guilty or nolo contendre
to, the commission of any felony or any crime involving deceit, material dishonesty, fraud, embezzlement, theft, any crime that results
in or is intended to result in personal enrichment at the expense of the Company, any crime that involves the use or sale of a controlled
substance, or any other offense that will adversely affect in any material respect the Company s reputation or your ability to perform
your obligations or duties to the Company; or (vi) your violation of a material written policy of the Company or breach of a written agreement
with Company, including but not limited to a breach of the Employment, Confidential Information, and Invention Assignment Agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, Cause shall not exist under (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (vi) unless the Company provides you with written notice of the existence
of one or more of the actions, conditions or events set forth above in such definition of Cause, and if such action, event or condition
is curable, you fail to cure such action, event or condition within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice. 

For the sake of clarity, termination of your employment
in connection with your death or disability will not be considered termination by the Company without Cause hereunder. For
purposes of this letter, you shall be considered disabled if you have been physically or mentally unable to perform your job duties hereunder
for a continuous period of at least one hundred twenty (120) days or a total of one hundred fifty (150) days during any one hundred and
eighty (180) day period, and you have not recovered and returned to the full time performance of your duties within thirty (30) days after
written notice is given to you by the Company following such 120 day period or 180 day period, as applicable. 

For purposes of this letter, Good Reason 
shall mean your resignation within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the Company has taken any of the following actions without
your express written consent: (i) a material reduction in your base salary, your target annual bonus opportunity or benefits (unless,
outside of a Change in Control context, such reduction is in connection with a salary or benefit reduction program of general application
at the senior level executives of the Company); (ii) a material breach by the Company of any written agreement with you, including the
Company s failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform the obligations under
this letter in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform, except where such assumption occurs
by operation of law; (iii) a material adverse change in your title, duties or responsibilities (other than temporarily while you are disabled
or as otherwise permitted by applicable law); or (iv) relocation of your principal workplace by more than 45 miles, which change results
in a material increase in your one-way commute. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Good Reason shall not exist unless you provide the Company
written notice of the existence of the one or more of the actions, conditions or events set forth above in this definition of Good Reason
within ninety (90) days after the initial existence or occurrence of such action, condition or event, and if such action, event or condition
is curable, the Company fails to cure such action, event or condition within thirty (30) days after its receipt of such notice. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

5 

CHANGE IN CONTROL 

If within five years of the Commencement date,
your employment with the Company is terminated by you for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause within 60 days prior to or 12 months
following a Change in Control (as defined below), then, subject to your execution and non- revocation of a release of claims in a form
provided by the Company, in keeping with past practice, and resignation from any Company-affiliated board positions, all unvested Company
equity awards that you then hold shall fully vest and be settled or become exercisable, as applicable, and you will be entitled to receive
(as applicable, the Change-in-Control Severance Payment ): 

a) In the event of a Change in Control where the transaction results in Lantronix shareholders receiving
at closing consideration with a value of less than a value of 5 per share on a fully diluted basis, in lieu of any other severance benefits,
you will be entitled to receive severance pay in a total amount equal to the sum of (i) six (6) months of your then current Base Salary,
plus (ii) an amount equal to fifty percent (50 of your previous 12 months bonus. The Company will also provide you, your spouse and
your eligible dependents with continued group health, dental and vision coverage pursuant to the provisions of COBRA at the level in effect
and upon substantially the same terms and conditions as existed under applicable insurance plans immediately prior to the date of termination
of your employment (including without limitation contributions required by you, if any, for such benefits), for the first six (6) months
following the date of termination your employment without Cause or for Good Reason or until you become eligible for comparable benefits
from another employer. 

b) In the event of a Change in Control where the transaction results in Lantronix shareholders receiving
at closing consideration with a value of 5 per share or greater on a fully diluted basis, in lieu of any other severance benefits, you
will be entitled to receive severance pay in a total amount equal to the sum of (i) twelve (12) months of your then current Base Salary,
plus (ii) an amount equal to one hundred percent (100 of your then current target bonus. The Company will also provide you, your spouse
and your eligible dependents with continued group health, dental and vision coverage pursuant to the provisions of COBRA at the level
in effect and upon substantially the same terms and conditions as existed under applicable insurance plans immediately prior to the date
of termination of your employment (including without limitation contributions required by you, if any, for such benefits), for the first
twelve (12) months following the date of termination your employment without Cause or for Good Reason or until you become eligible for
comparable benefits from another employer. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

6 

Any Change-of-Control Severance Payments shall
be less required tax deductions and withholdings and shall be paid in a lump sum on the 53rd day following your date of termination or
such later date as is required to avoid potentially adverse taxation under Internal Revenue Code Section 409A as described under the caption
 Section 409A below. Change-of-Control Severance Payments may also be subject to reduction required to avoid potentially
adverse taxation under Internal Revenue Code Section 280G as described under the caption Section 280G below. 

For purposes of this letter, Change in
Control shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) any person (as such term is used in Section
13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), becomes the beneficial owner 
(as defined in Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing fifty
percent (50 or, more of the total voting power represented by the Company s then outstanding voting securities; or (ii) the consummation
of the sale or disposition by the Company of all or substantially all of the Company s assets; (iii) the consummation of a merger
or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation, other than (A) a merger or consolidation which would result in the voting
securities of the Company outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted
into voting securities of the surviving entity or its parent) at least fifty percent (50 of the total voting power represented by the
voting securities of the Company or such surviving entity or its parent outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation; or
(iv) a majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve- month period by directors whose appointment or election is
not endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of appointment or election. In no event shall a Change in Control 
be deemed to have occurred for purposes of this letter solely because the Company engages in an internal reorganization, which may include
a transfer of assets to, or a merger or consolidation with, one or more affiliates. 

SECTION 409A 

This letter is intended to comply with Section
409A of the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A or an exemption thereunder and shall be construed and administered in accordance
with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this offer letter, payments provided under this letter may only be made upon
an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. Any payments under this letter that may be excluded
from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded
from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each instalment payment provided under this letter shall
be treated as a separate payment. Any payments to be made under this letter upon a termination of employment shall only be made upon a
 separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the
payments and benefits provided under this letter comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion
of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by you on account of non- compliance with Section 409A. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

7 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter,
if any payment or benefit provided to you in connection with termination of employment is determined to constitute nonqualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A and you are determined to be a specified employee as defined
in Section 409A(a)(2)(b)(i), then such payment or benefit shall not be paid until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month
anniversary of your termination date (the Specified Employee Payment Date or, if earlier, on the date of your death. The
aggregate of any payments that would otherwise have been paid before the Specified Employee Payment Date shall be paid to you in a lump
sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be paid without delay in accordance with their
original schedule. To the extent necessary to avoid application of any tax under Section 409A applying to any compensation or benefit
included herein that constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation, the definition of Change in Control shall be reformed
such that a transaction will only qualify as a Change in Control if it also constitutes a change in control event as defined
under Section 409A. 

SECTION 280G 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this letter
or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company
or its affiliates to you or for your benefit pursuant to the terms of this letter or otherwise Covered Payments constitute
parachute payments Parachute Payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code Section
280G and would, but for this section be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code (or
any successor provision thereto) Section 4999 or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties
with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax ), then prior to making the Covered Payments, a calculation shall
be made comparing (i) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to you of the Covered Payments after payment of the Excise Tax to (ii) the Net
Benefit to you if the Covered Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. Only if the amount
calculated under (i) above is less than the amount under (ii) above will the Covered Payments be reduced to the minimum extent necessary
to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount, the Reduced Amount ). Net
Benefit shall mean the present value of the Covered Payments net of all federal, state, local, foreign income, employment and excise
taxes. 

Any such reduction shall be made in accordance
with Section 409A and the following: (i) the Covered Payments which do not constitute nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section
409A shall be reduced first; and (ii) all other Covered Payments shall then be reduced as follows: (A) cash payments shall be reduced
before non-cash payments; and (B) payments to be made on a later payment date shall be reduced before payments to be made on an earlier
payment date. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

8 

Any determination required under this section
shall be made in writing in good faith by the accounting firm that was the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
immediately before the change in control (the Accountants ), which shall provide detailed supporting calculations to the
Company and you as requested by the Company or you. The Company and you shall provide the Accountants with such information and documents
as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this section. For purposes of making the calculations
and determinations required by this section, the Accountants may rely on reasonable, good faith assumptions and approximations concerning
the application of Section 280G and Section 4999. The Accountants determinations shall be final and binding on the Company and
you. The Company shall be responsible for all fees and expenses incurred by the Accountants in connection with the calculations required
by this section. 

CLAWBACK 

Any amounts payable hereunder are subject to any
policy (whether currently in existence or later adopted) established by the Company providing for clawback or recovery of amounts that
were paid to you. The Company will make any determination for clawback or recovery in its sole discretion and in accordance with any applicable
law or regulation. 

REPRESENTATIONS 

By accepting this offer, you represent that you
are able to accept this job and carry out the work that it would involve without breaching any legal restrictions on your activities,
such as non- competition, non-solicitation or other work-related restrictions imposed by a current or former employer. You also represent
that you will inform the Company about any such restrictions and provide the Company with as much information about them as possible,
including any agreements between you and your current or former employer describing such restrictions on your activities. You further
confirm that you will not remove or take any documents or proprietary data or materials of any kind, electronic or otherwise, with you
from your current or former employer to the Company without written authorization from your current or former employer, nor will you use
or disclose any such confidential information during the course and scope of your employment with the Company. If you have any questions
about the ownership of particular documents or other information, you should discuss such questions with your former employer before removing
or copying the documents or information. 

ARBITRATION 

To the fullest extent allowed by law, any controversy,
claim or dispute between you and the Company (and/or any of its affiliates, owners, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, volunteers
or agents) relating to or arising out of your employment or cessation of that employment will be submitted to final and binding arbitration
as provided in Attachment A hereto. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

9 

CONTINGENT OFFER 

This offer is contingent upon: 

a) verification of your right to work in the United States, as demonstrated by your completion of an I-9
form upon hire and your submission of acceptable documentation (as noted on the I-9 form) verifying your identity and work authorization
within three days of your Commencement Date. 

b) Satisfactory completion of a background investigation. 

This offer is valid until January 16, 2023 and
will be withdrawn if any of the above conditions are not satisfied. 

ACCEPTANCE 

To indicate your acceptance of this offer, please
initial each page and sign the enclosed (a) At-Will Acceptance Statement, (b) Nondisclosure of Former Employer s Trade Secret Information,
and (c) Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate. 

The offer letter and attachments must be returned
via email to Human Resources at HR@lantronix.com on or before 5:00 pm Pacific time on January
16, 2023 . If we do not receive the signed document within the time frame provided herein, this offer will expire. 

This offer letter supersedes and replaces any
prior understandings or agreements, whether oral, written, or implied, between you and the Company regarding the matters described in
this letter. 

We are excited at the prospect of you joining
our team. If you have any questions about the above details, please call me immediately. 

Very truly yours, 

LANTRONIX, INC. 

/s/ David Green 

David Goren 

 Vice President of Business Affairs, Legal, and
Human Resources 

Initials: /s/ EB 

10 

At-Will Acceptance Statement 

I, Eric Bass, do hereby accept the above employment
offer, and agree with the terms as outlined above. I understand that there are no other terms expressed or implied. My expected start
date will be as provided in the attached offer letter and is contingent upon receiving satisfactory verification of my background check
results. 

I understand that Lantronix is an At-Will
Employer, and agree that my employment is for no definite period and may, regardless of the date of payment of wages and
salary, be terminated by me or by Lantronix at any time without any previous notice for any reason or no reason. Subject to the rights
under the section entitled Severance, I also understand and agree that Lantronix may hire, fire, demote, promote, and change
or alter any terms of my employment at any time. I further understand and agree that my status as an at-will employee may only be changed
through written notice signed by the President. I also understand that, in connection with my employment and as a condition thereto, I
will have to agree to abide by all policies of Lantronix. 

/s/ Eric Bass 
 
 1/12/2023 
 
 Signature 
 
 Date 

Nondisclosure of Former Employer s Trade
Secret Information 

I understand and agree that the Company expects
me to respect any trade secret information of any of my former employers, business associates, or others. I agree to respect the Company s
express direction to me not to disclose to the Company, its officers, or employees, any such trade secret information so long as it remains
confidential. In addition, I also represent to the Company that my commencement of work for the Company does not (a) conflict with any
other contractual commitments on my part to any former employer or third party, (b) result in the misappropriation of trade secrets of
any former employer or third party, or (c) otherwise violate or interfere with any rights of any third party. 

/s/ Eric Bass 
 
 1/12/2023 
 
 Signature 
 
 Date 

Initials: /s/ EB 

11 

Mutual Agreement to Arbitrate 

To the fullest extent allowed by law, any controversy,
claim or dispute between Executive and the Company (and/or any of its affiliated, subsidiary, or related entities, owners, directors,
officers, employees, volunteers or agents) relating to or arising out of this Agreement or Executive s employment (or the cessation
thereof), will be submitted to final and binding arbitration in Orange County, California, for determination in accordance with the American
Arbitration Association s AAA Employment Arbitration Rules as the exclusive remedy for such controversy, claim or
dispute. In any such arbitration, the parties may conduct discovery to the same extent as would be permitted in a court of law. The arbitrator
shall issue a reasoned, written decision, and shall have full authority to award all remedies which would be available in court. The Company
shall pay the arbitrator s fees and any AAA administrative expenses. Any judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may
be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. Possible disputes covered by the above include (but are not limited to) unpaid wages,
breach of contract (including this Agreement), torts, violation of public policy, discrimination, harassment, or any other employment-related
claims under laws including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans With Disabilities Act, the California
Labor Code, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Americans with Disabilities
Act, and any other statutes or laws relating to Executive s relationship with the Company regardless of whether such dispute is
initiated by Executive or the Company. Thus, this bilateral arbitration agreement fully applies to any and all claims that the Company
may have against Executive, including but not limited to claims for misappropriation of Company property, disclosure of proprietary information
or trade secrets, interference with contracts, trade libel, gross negligence, or any other claim for alleged wrongful conduct or breach
of the duty of loyalty. However, claims for workers compensation benefits, unemployment insurance and those arising under the National
Labor Relations Act (or any other claims where mandatory arbitration is prohibited by law) are not covered by this arbitration agreement,
and such claims may be presented to the appropriate court or government agency. BY AGREEING TO THIS BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION, BOTH
YOU AND THE COMPANY GIVE UP ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY. This mutual arbitration agreement is to be construed as broadly as is permissible
under applicable law. 

LANTRONIX, INC. (the Company 
 ERIC BASS 

By:/s/ David Green 

By: /s/ Eric Bass 
 
 Name: David Goren 
 Name: Eric Bass 
 
 Title: VP, Business Affairs, Legal, and HR 

Date: January 24, 2023 
 Date: 1/12/2023 

Initials: /s/ EB 

12 

2022-2023 Benefits Overview 

Eligibility Information 

A robust benefits package will be offered to regular
full-time employees who work consistently 30 hours or more per week. Based on your Commencement Date, you will be eligible for
benefits on February 1, 2023. Please note that your eligibility date may get pushed back if your start date is extended. 

Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance 

Medical Lantronix offers
four health care plan options through United Healthcare for CA employees and their eligible dependents: (1) a narrow network HMO, (2)
a full network HMO, (3) a PPO, and (4) a High-Deductible Health Plan with HSA. Lantronix also offers the PPO and HDHP plan options through
United Healthcare for non-CA employees and their eligible dependents. 

Dental Lantronix offers
two dental plan options through Aetna for CA employees and their eligible dependents: (1) a DMO, and (2) a PPO. Lantronix also offers
a PPO plan through Aeta for non-CA employees and their eligible dependents. 

Vision Lantronix offers
one vision care plan option, VSP Choice, through Principal for all employees and their eligible dependents. 

Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) and Health
Savings Account (HSA) 

Lantronix offers employees the opportunity to
enroll in Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) through IGOE. There are two options available: (1) the Health Care Account, and (2) the Dependent
Care Account. These accounts can be used to set aside pre-tax dollars to help pay for IRS-qualified health and/or work-related dependent
care expenses. 

Lantronix offers a Health Savings Account (HSA)
through IGOE. Like the FSA, the HSA allows employees to set aside pre-tax dollars to help pay for qualified healthcare expenses. Unlike
the FSA, unused funds and interest rollover without limit from year to year. Additionally, Lantronix helps fund the HSA by contributing
 100 per month for employees and 200 per month for families. 

Life and Accidental Death Dismemberment
(AD D) Insurance 

Basic Life/AD D + Dependent Life/AD D 
 Lantronix provides Basic Term Life coverage for employees and their eligible dependents at no cost to the employee. AD D
coverage is also provided for the employee at no cost. Employees will receive coverage of two times their annual salary up to a maximum
of 500,000. Spouses receive 50 of the employee s amount up to a maximum of 10,000, and dependent children receive 50 of the
employee s amount up to a maximum of 5,000 (under 6 months: 1,000). 

Initials: /s/ EB 

13 

Voluntary Life/AD D Lantronix
also offers employees the opportunity to purchase additional voluntary life and AD D insurance coverage for the employee and their
eligible dependents. Employees may enroll for supplemental coverage from 10,000 to 250,000 in increments of 10,000 for the employee,
100 of the employee s amount to a maximum of 50,000 in 5,000 increments for the employee s spouse/domestic partner, and
 2,000, 3,000, 4,000, 5,000, or 10,000 for the employee s children. 

Disability Insurance 

Short Term Disability (STD) Lantronix
provides short term disability coverage to non-CA employees through Principal at no cost. CA employees have California short term disability
provided by the state of California. Lantronix s plan pays 66.67 of the employee s weekly salary up to a 2,308 weekly benefit
for a maximum of 12 weeks. Disabilities that occur during the first 12 months of coverage due to a pre-existing condition during the three
months prior to coverage are excluded. 

Long Term Disability (LTD) Lantronix provides long term disability coverage through Principal at no cost. The LTD
benefit pays up to 60 of the employee s base salary to a maximum of 12,500 per month for up to two years of the employee s
own occupation. If the employee is not able to return to any occupation, the benefit will last until the employee reaches the Social Security
Normal Retirement Age. 

Employee Assistance Program (EAP) 

Lantronix offers an EAP through Magellan Healthcare
at no cost. This benefit offers completely confidential counseling services via in-person visits and phone calls. 

Educational Reimbursement Program 

Lantronix offers educational reimbursement to
eligible employees for employees who enroll in an educational course related to their current or future career goals with the Company.
Undergraduate and certificate courses are reimbursable up to 500 per course for up to 6 courses per year. Graduate courses are reimbursable
up to 1,500 per course for up to 6 courses per year. Employees are eligible for this program after they have completed 90 days of employment
and received the necessary approvals, which should be obtained before enrolling in the course. 

401(K) Plan 

Lantronix offers a 401(K) plan through Principal
to eligible employees, where you will automatically be entered into the 401(K) plan at 6 per paycheck on the first of the month
following your date of hire . Instructions for changing your contribution rate and/or investment fund, or opting out of this plan altogether,
will be provided upon employment. Please note that your entry date may get pushed back if your start date is extended. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

14 

The 401(K) plan allows employees to contribute
any whole percentage of their salary on a pre-tax basis, not to exceed the annual maximum set by the IRS. Lantronix matches 25 of the
first 6 of employee s contributions. 

Employees who have a 401(K) plan through a prior
employer may rollover their funds into Lantronix s 410(K) plan immediately, but they cannot begin making contributions to the plan
until their entry date. 

Holidays 

Lantronix offers an average of 10 paid holidays
per year. Non-exempt employees may also elect 2 floating holidays per year that can be used on select dates. 

Vacation 

Exempt employees Exempt
employees do not have a fixed amount of vacation per year, meaning their vacation time is not limited, allocated, or accrued. Instead,
exempt employees are expected to determine how much vacation to take using their good judgment, consistent with their responsibilities
to the Company, and with approval from their manager. 

Initials: /s/ EB 

15 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 lantronix_ex2101.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Lantronix Europe GmbH 
 Germany 

Lantronix India Private Limited 
 India 

Lantronix Holding Company 
 Delaware, USA 

Lantronix Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 

Lantronix Japan K.K. 
 Japan 

Lantronix UK Ltd. 
 United Kingdom 

Subsidiaries of Lantronix Holding Company 

Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Formation 

Intrinsyc Technologies Corporation 
 Canada 

Lantronix IoT GmbH 
 Germany 

Transition Networks, Inc. 
 
 Uplogix, Inc. 
 
 Minnesota, USA 
 
 Texas, USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 lantronix_ex2301.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in
the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-172117, 333-188490, 333-210982, 333-227128, 333-228399, 333-231040, 333-236392, 333-248630,
333-256291, and 333-268743) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-227127, 333-228398 and 333-259454) of our report dated September 12, 2023, relating
to the consolidated financial statements of Lantronix Inc. (the Company and the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting (which report expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting because of a material weakness) appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June
30, 2023. 

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

Irvine, California 

 September 12, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 lantronix_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeremy Whitaker, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lantronix, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
 in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
 or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 September 12,
 2023 
 /s/
 JEREMY WHITAKER 

Jeremy Whitaker 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 lantronix_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeremy Whitaker, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lantronix, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 September 12,
 2023 
 /s/ JEREMY WHITAKER 

Jeremy Whitaker 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
Executive Officer, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 lantronix_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The following certifications are being furnished solely
to accompany the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350,
and pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8238 are being furnished to the SEC rather than filed either as part of
the Report or as a separate disclosure statement, and are not to be incorporated by reference into the Report or any other filing of Lantronix,
Inc. (the Company ), whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. The following certifications shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability under that section. 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that: 

i) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented
in such Report. 

Date: 
 September 12, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 JEREMY WHITAKER 

Name: Jeremy Whitaker 
 Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as created by
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned officer of the Company hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge,
that: 

(i) the Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(ii) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results operations of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented
in such Report. 

Date: 
 September 12, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ JEREMY WHITAKER 

Name: Jeremy Whitaker 
 Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 ltrx-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 ltrx-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 ltrx-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 ltrx-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

